################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - The Rapture Dispensation (Under Authority - Part 5) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli - Danny Mazzilli.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-13
Title:   The Rapture Dispensation (Under Authority - Part 5) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Speaker: Danny Mazzilli
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1IT8VfftYU
========================================

Description:
Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] Oh, let's just praise the Lord. Let's just praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven and we'll praise the Lord. Let's just Let's just praise. [Applause] Let's just lift our hearts to heaven. Praise the Lord. Everybody put your hands together. Oh, let's just praise the Lord. The Lord. Let's just lift our hands towards heaven. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] Let's just lift our hearts towards heaven and praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand to our feet this morning. Praise God. Let's praise the Lord. They come from the east and west. They come from the lands of far to face with the king to dine as his guest. How blessed these pilgrims are beholding his face. might as part of his grace. Everybody knows since Jesus. Oh, since Jesus has set me free. I'm happy as hard can be. No longer a me. This is so sweet to me. But darkness has taken. And now I shout the victory. Sing it again. Oh, now I shout the victory. And now I'm shouting victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I looked over Jordan and what did I see? coming for to carry me home. Seven angels, seven angels coming after me, coming for to carry me home. Oh, sweet. [Music] I love this person. If you get there before I do to carry me, make sure you do this for me. Tell all my brothers and sisters I'm coming. Glory. Oh, coming for to car me home. Oh, sweet. [Music] [Music] I don't know if we have this verse. [Music] He goes, "It won't be long and I'll be there, too." Here it is. Well, it won't be long. I'll be there too coming for to carry me home. A dead crash in the air. Something coming for me. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Jehovah g is his name for he provided all. Come on somebody. Come on. How many need? How many needs? How many need everybody? Heat. Heat. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Praise the Lord. It's okay to say praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful? Amen. Personally to you, isn't he wonderful? Oh yeah. We have our troubles. We have our trials. We have our situations, but you know what? He deliverth us out of them all. Do you believe that? Praise God. All right. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence of nothing like the presence. Hallelujah. Sing. There's healing in the presence. There is healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Yes, Lord. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Sing. There's freedom. Oh, there is freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. [Music] Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. [Music] Oh, and I'm free in his presence and I'm here. Come on. In his presence. This is true. I'm for I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. Sing it one more time. And I'm free. And I'm free in his presence. And I'm here. in his presence and I'm for I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. I've been changed forever in his presence. Like that one lady said, she said, "I'm not what I want to be, but I'm certainly not what I used to be." How many can testify of that this morning? Is there any more that can testify of that? That can say, "I'm not what I used to be." Amen. Praise God. Praise God. I remember uh just this week, I was telling somebody that I used to when I was in the world, I uh probably nobody could curse like I could curse. And uh I came in contact with the message and I realized I said, "Oh boy, I got to clean myself up." How many say wrong? That's what I thought though. And uh I said the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to try to get rid of cursing. And I and I tried and I tried and I tried and I tried. I was actually successful to a point because I actually got down to five times a day. That was the best I could possibly do. And uh that was it. I I couldn't do any better than that. and and uh but when I finally surrendered and went to the baptismal pool 37 years ago, when I came out of that pool, that was gone. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. To this day, glory, glory, now it's praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Bang my head. It's ouch. And uh and and that is the truth, friends. We God is a miraculous God. He's a great God. He knows exactly how to bring us along, right? He's the worldly one this morning. Anybody have a request they want to bring before him? We're going to go to prayer. All right. Are you okay to come and pray for us, bro? Yeah. Are you okay? All right. Then I'm going to invite guess who? Brother Coffee. He's going to come and pray for us. And he's also going to give us a word of testimony. All right. Praise the Lord. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For from you are things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] You're worthy of it. [Music] You're worthy of it. From you are all things. [Music] And from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Next verse, please. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] [Applause] This life cuz you chose to forgive. How many can say pray one more time? You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of ahead. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let us all bow our hearts before the Lord. Gracious eternal father, Lord Jesus, how great thou our Lord. Without you, Father, we are nothing. Father, this morning, forgive us of our sins. Forgive us of all of our mistakes. Father, thank you for drawing us to your presence. It doesn't matter what we have done, Father. Your blood washes us and cleanses. We know we are not worthy, but you are worthy because we stand by your grace. Your grace has drawn us to your presence Lord this morning father look to us Lord and anything that oh God you have prepared for us Lord we deserve it by your grace this morning father may your spirit draw nigh unto us anything that bothering us father take it away that your presence may come down as your servant come Lord take him aside oh God don't let him come and speak words of man but words of God into our hearts Lord that we will not go home the same way we came father speak to our hearts Lord may your spirit oh God bless the song service bless each and everyone Lord oh God bless the congregation, the children, the Sunday school teachers, everything, oh God. Oh God, that we do, take thy glory and honor in Jesus' name. Amen and amen. May the Lord bless each and every one of you. Yeah, I'm going to let them sit down. Please be seated. [Music] It's good to be in the house of the Lord. You don't know how much you mean to me. Only God knows. I love you all by God's grace. I love you. I miss you. And I thank the Lord Jesus Christ for giving me one more time to stand in his presence. Uh, I thank the Lord. You all knew I went, some of you are mo mostly, unless you are a visitor, you all knew I went through a lot, but I was sick. But God has made a way for me to stand in his presence today with your prayers. And I want to say I thank each and every one of you. I won't delay the service. I won't talk about too much testimony opening up. The time will come because if I want to talk, it will be like a service because the Lord has done great work. Great work. Not just little. And I'm telling you, great work. And I want to thank each and every one of you. But brother Mike, I love to sing one song. This song, it's like a Christmas song, but as you call me, it just come to my heart. Oh come, let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Who comes [Music] adore him in class as the Lord for he alone [Music] is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is way [Music] Christ [Music] the Lord. Thank you Lord. Amen. [Music] He's got a great testimony that you will be coming in in a little while. Um, but nevertheless, the Lord, you're looking at a man who has passed out of this world and came back and then he passed out of this world again. and he came back and then he passed out of this world again three times and the Lord brought him back. That's a testimony. So, and I don't know about you, but but when I saw uh brother Coffee this morning, I said, "Man, he looks like 20 years younger." Doesn't he look younger? Well, that's brethren. This is the the time for it. All right. God is his own interpreter, but I am seeing he looks younger. I claim it in the name of the Lord. Amen. Is that G? I can run through a true belly over a wall. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's my rock and my shield. He gives power to all. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now there is no condemnation of my salvation. Run through. Hallelujah. Come on. Oh, I can run through a true. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's my rock and my shield. He gives power to all. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus is the rock. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, nothing for Jesus. Where would I be? I'm so glad. Oh, I've been happy since the Lord. Jesus, tell me where would I be? I'm so glad I shouting. Oh, I've been shouting since the Lord. Amen. I' been shouting since the Lord. Amen. Jesus. You ever heard of Moses in the you have heard the story told the dream [Music] of Jonah in the whale we see and there are many many others in the Bible. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. I know you meet you over there singing you will hear never [Music] He is the one. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me Jesus. [Applause] I'm so glad that the Lord and I sing since the Lord. Yes, I' been sing for Jesus. Tell me where would I be? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise the Lord again. Praise the Lord. One more time. Praise the Lord. I saw some revelation. Give him a hand clap. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. You can be seated for another moment. Are you looking forward to the meeting in the air? Come ahead, brothers. We'll take up the offering. Come ahead. Are you looking forward to meeting Daniel and Stephen and John? And how many looking forward to meeting Peter? Amen. Which Peter am I talking about? Both of them. [Music] Oh, brother Peter. I'm looking forward to meeting him. I was thinking about him this week. Uh, sure. That would be a joy. Amen. Father, we ask you to bless the offering this morning. As the people give, may you bless them in Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Wonderful, huh? uh we're pastor is going to come and he's going to elaborate on all this but as a a trustee uh we've had an incredible week of uh work that you all have helped us with and I just want to say as a trustee thanks a lot thanks a lot especially Thursday afternoon because Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock isn't exactly the best time to come to this the church and and help out, right? But we but I thought it would just be brother Alvin, myself, and maybe his girls and and that'd be about it. unloading all those these chairs and and uh and turned out we had about 15 20 brothers show up and sisters and and all I wanted to do was get them in the door, but they would God had other plans and they brought them in here and they were ripping into the stuff and setting them up and by Thursday it was all done. And uh so we we thank everybody who contributed, everybody who did anything. Um, even those uh we had one sister, she couldn't be here, but she wanted to pay for the lunch that we had on yesterday. So, she sent some funds to pay for the lunch and the sandwiches and whatnot. So, praise God. I love the family of God. Let's do that. E flat. I love the family of God so closely to one. They've taken me into their hearts and I'm so glad just to be a part of this great family. Heat. Heat. [Music] So close to [Music] taking me into their heart. [Music] Right family, give yourselves a hand clap. All right, seat. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand. You looking forward to the word of God? Oh, yeah. There was one new rule with these new chairs. No sleeping. But how can you sleep in the presence of the Lord anyway? Amen. Christ has come down. [Music] He is the capstone. Oh, he has come down. Been revealed in his home. [Music] His bride is preparing her way to be ready to her. He has made the mystery known. Someone say, "Praise the Lord." Here's the verse. [Music] Christ left the [Music] And it's not hard to see. We're in the end of time. [Music] We must perfection we go. We must everybody [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] is my God. He is capable. Amen. Praise God forever more. That is a reality. That song was written many, many years ago. But let me tell you, it is more relevant today than ever. Amen. Praise God. God bless you, saints. Thank you, musicians. Things are sounding really good up here. Praise God. The sound is good. I think that the new chairs have added um more ambience into the house of the Lord. Amen. To absorb some of the uh echo and so forth. How many loves the new chairs? Amen. Praise God. It looks really good. You guys are looking very comfortable. Um you're looking very modern this morning. you know, I I believe that uh the pews um leaving and the chairs coming in is just a just another aspect of the transformation that's taking place in the body of Christ. Amen. Praise God. And so I'm very grateful for um all that the Lord is doing in giving us uh this transformation to his house. Amen. And I'm very grateful for every single one of you that are participating and that have uh given of your time, your efforts, your finance to support this change. Um this is something that uh I believe is a part of our growth. It it's going to it's all a part of what God is doing in us personally. And when you recognize your placing in the body and your part and you get behind the work of the Lord and the vision that God is is imparting upon us as the leadership of this church and you stand behind it and you support it, it shows that you're you're in the body move. You're in what God is doing in this day and in this hour. It shows that you've recognized that that the Lord can do anything and that he can do a wonderful thing when we just allow him to do it. Amen. Praise God. I want to welcome our precious brother Coffee back. Um we just got a little glimpse of his testimony, but uh be on alert that he will be giving a full testimony and it'll be coming soon. And uh I believe it's something that uh people need to hear because he just keeps raising him right back up again. Brings him right back from that dimension. He's crossed over a couple times and the Lord, you know, is just not finished yet. So he's got a testimony that comes out of it all. Amen. And we know he's still the resurrection and the life. And we know that that is the the the message of the hour. Amen. If if God can raise uh brother Coffee from the dead two, three times, how easy is it for him to change our bodies in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye? Amen. Because that's just a glimpse of what the Lord can do. Praise God. And so, thank you everybody. Brother Mike's already thanked everybody for their part in being here, and I support that. And I thank you all, and I appreciate everything that was done. the the the uh carpets being professionally cleaned. You can't even see where the pews used to be. It was a you know, wonderful job. The the gentleman gave us a wonderful price and did a great job. Um you know, we just thank God for what the Lord is doing. There's even one little stain that, you know, he had a little bit of trouble dealing with and he's going to be dealing with it. He says, "You know, when um in about a week's time when I'm uh you know, when I'm back, I'm going to be away just for a few days during the week, but I'll be back by Thursday morning, myself and Sister Jennifer. Just a quick little getaway by the grace of God." And so, um but we'll be back here next Sunday. Amen. To minister the word of God. So, um we just thank God for everything that was done. Amen. Amen. Praise God. I want to encourage the young people about the upcoming meetings next Sunday, Saturday, uh, and Sunday at Grace Tabernacle. I'm reminding you because I'm encouraging you to go. I'll be there on Saturday night and I'll be looking for you. Praise God. So, um, I'm looking forward to it. I believe it's going to be a real blessing. We want to support it the best that we can. I know some are away and so forth, but that's okay. God is uh still going to pour out and bless and meet every need in the midst of our young people. Amen. Praise God. Talking about young people, our sister Stephanie uh NMA uh was just re is she here? Where are you, sister? Raise your hand unto the Lord. Praise God. There she is. Amen. She was just recently uh engaged over the last couple weeks to a a brother uh brother John uh Cassamba in the Congo. Congratulations to our precious sister. Amen. Lord has somebody for our young people. wherever they are, the Lord knows and the Lord will bring them together in his time and in his season. And that's what makes it beautiful is when the Lord does it. Amen. And so we just want to thank God for that and congratulate them on that. Uh I heard from brother Desmond yesterday. He brings greetings to everybody. He ministered this morning. I heard that the services went very well in uh Kumasi where he ministered for um for a church there, a message church. And uh so he sends his greetings. He's there working on our church building program that we're doing uh near Acra. Amen. And so yes, in Ghana. And so uh continue to keep that in prayer, continue to support it. and um let's see what the Lord will will do. Amen. Praise God. As we go to prayer, we want to remember this um brother Stephen Doell in Alberta who recently just over the last day or so had a motorcycle accident is in the hospital with a broken neck and um we're going to ask the Lord to remember him and his family at this time as we go to prayer and then we go to the word. Let's pray. Does anybody else have a need this morning that they want to say, "Lord, remember me." Amen. Father, you see every uplifted hand this morning. Lord, we come to you because we know that you are the source of every healing, of every hurt, of every heartache. Lord, you are still God that provided. You're still the Lord shalom that brings peace. where there's uh Lord turmoil in the lives of people and this morning Lord we bringing brother um Stephen Durell um in Alberta Doell in Alberta that uh recently had an accident Lord and we're asking your spirit to go and touch the young man Lord raise him up father Lord he needs a miracle touch but there's nothing too hard for you Lord we were just testifying find that you raised from the dead. Lord, there's nothing too hard for you, Father. We ask that your spirit will go and minister to our brother even right now. And Lord, that your angels will encamp about him, Father. And that your spirit will touch his body. Remember his family, his loved ones, Lord, all that are concerned, Father. May your spirit just go and comfort them at this time and give them the confidence and the courage to trust you, Father, in the midst of the storm. Lord, bless every uplifted hand, meet every need this morning, Lord, as we minister your word, Father. We're completely reliant and depending upon you, Lord, to come and and take control and bring life to the word of God and and interpret it to the hearts of your people. Lord, you know the hour that we're living in. You know what's being revealed and what you want to reveal to each and every one of us. Lord, take the preeminence this morning and have glory, praise, and honor through the word of God that is ministered now. Lord, we we love you. We appreciate you. And we will always give you the glory for all that you do. Grant it, we pray in Jesus name. Amen. Praise God. Amen. While we're still standing, let's go to the scripture this morning. Um, from Ephesians 1:es 8-10. Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he ha which he hath purposed in himself. that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him. Hallelujah. Amen. The Lord add his blessings to the word. You may be seated. Praise God. God bless you, brother, sister. Welcome into the house of the Lord. I recognize you. Are you from uh Sarnia, Petroleia? Sarna area. Yes. Amen. Welcome. Welcome into the house of the Lord this morning. Any visitors? If I've missed you, welcome. Praise God. I trust that you will receive the word this morning and and receive a blessing. Amen. We are uh go to the next slide. We're we're under um uh a series uh called uh under authority. We've recognized that um to really have authority in this time and in this hour that we're living in, we need to be submissive to the Holy Spirit and be under his authority. It's that that gives you authority when you're under authority. Amen. And so we've been um uh looking at dimensions. We've been looking at understanding your existence because truly for you to understand your existence here as a Christian, many are saying, "Oh, I'm a Christian. I'm a churchgoer. I believe in the Lord Jesus Christ." There's many people that are claiming those things. But do you really understand your existence as a Christian and what it is that you're actually producing in this hour? What it is that you're actually looking for in this hour? what it is that the word is going to produce in this hour. And truly um to have a clear understanding of your existence, then you need to understand the the dimensions that we live in. And especially in this dimension here, because we're being affected by seven dimensions around us simultaneously, right? And for us to, you know, to to really understand because people talk about, you know, until the prophet of Malachi 4:5, until William Branham's ministry went worldwide and around the world seven times from 1933 all the way to 1965 until that ministry brought forth understanding by the revelation of Christ coming down and and and uh fulfilling scripture. God always operates through the fulfillment of his word. Amen. And William Brham was scripture. He was Malachi 45 to6. He was re he was the fulfillment of Revelations 10 1-7. The mighty angel coming down to an angel, the son of man coming to a son of man ministry, William Brham on the earth in 1963. And so many people have missed this. And to miss that is the same as missing Moses in his day when he came. People were talking about a great deliverance taking place in Egypt. But had they not recognized that it was God in Moses that was coming to deliver the people, they would have missed it. And in the same way, when Jesus Christ, his first coming came, they were talking about his coming. He's coming. The word, the whole Old Testament was prophesying on the coming of the Lord. Everything was based on God coming down to be with man. And when he finally came the first time, what happened? He came to his own and his own received him not. Why? Because they did not recognize the word that had been spoken through all of the prophets, all of the scripture in the Old Testament, every book in the Old Testament was talking about the coming of the Messiah, the coming of the Lord, when the word was going to be fulfilled. when Isaiah got inspired and said, "A virgin shall conceive." Well, in the day of Isaiah, but it wasn't until 400 years later, that a virgin actually conceived. They might have been looking at the time, but they needed to recognize when the word was going to be in season. And in the same way when when God sent us a prophet, they failed to recognize that God could actually send a 20th century prophet, but he did it. And not only did he do it, but he vindicated it. And what happened was those that were those that were um that that had a an understanding of the word and received the Holy Ghost in that dispensation were given the ability to recognize William Brham as the prophet and the fulfillment of Malachi 4:5 the fulfillment of Revelations 10 1-7. Amen. all the word of God coming into season and this season that we're in now we need to understand and I've you know I've uh today we're looking at part four we're going to continue in dimensions but at the same time I want you to understand that we're in a dispensation of the rapture the scripture that we just read said that in the fullness of times and so we're going to be looking at how time, you know, is is is coming to a a a completion in the word for this hour which pertains to you. Because time will not exist when the rapture takes place for you. We need to realize that the dispensation of the rapture is not for the whole world. Amen. It's not for the whole world. It's for a portion of the scripture. For those that are that recognize where where it says that we who are alive and remain, we we shall be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. This scripture has to be a reality to you personal. Unless it's unless it's a reality to you personal, then you're going to miss what God is doing right now under this dispensation to bring you to that. Exactly. There has to be a um a process by which the Holy Spirit is changing us uh moving us through this dimension that we are in now. Because what the prophet did for us, thank God, was he gave us a clarity and understanding on dimensions. He told us that that uh you know that we're living in in uh uh seven dimensions that that there's seven dimensions that are affecting us right now. We're living in in light, spa, uh, matter, time, and we're being affected by the fifth dimension, which is the dimension of the of the of of the dead. Hell, you know, not not a burning hell like like known, but brother Brandham described it as a a place where people go without the Holy Ghost. If you haven't received Christ, then you can't go into the sixth dimension, which is the dimension of the redeemed. And so, he gave us this whole outline. And so, as we start now and and uh and we move through this today, okay? And there's going to be a couple of more services. I don't want to rush this. I want to draw from it everything that the Lord wants to give us. Amen. I want to draw every inspiration and thought because our understanding of this dimensional existence that we're in brings clarity to the rapture. Everything that I've been studying here, it just makes the rapture more clear to me that how it's going to take place and how simple it is to the Lord. to us. We can make it complicated, but we want to break it down in such a simple way so that if you've got a clear understanding of of these dimensions that you're being affected by and how you're actually moving through dimensions, okay, that you will you will clearly be able to see how the Lord is going to take us out of here. It's it's it's a process. Amen. And so, here we are. we understand. And this morning, you know, um, Brother Tim, you know, he sends out uh, scriptures and this morning he sent um, you know, the one that that I received and I and I thought, man, I I I read that and I just got so many nuggets out of there. I was so blessed by it. I said, you know what? I'm going to read that this morning because in there there's just so much that we can draw from. But all that I've been ministering on and preaching on, I want you to know that if you go back, you get a chance, go back and listen to influence 1963, present stage of my ministry 1962. I was listening to that this morning. There's so much in there on understanding dimensions, understanding, you know, um how we see and and and how our our our thinking, how our bodies are designed and pressurized only for this dimension right now. You you can't you can't go to that other dimension. You can't go to the sixth dimension without a translation. There's got to be a change. And your bo there's a body waiting. That's why the scripture says if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, you've got another one waiting. Amen. And that's and that's why it's so important for you to understand dimensions. Understand how you're going to move from this one to that one and then how you're going to be coming back to pick up a glorified body in order to exist in this dimension again. Because remember this whole plan of redemption brings us back to the earth again for a thousand years to reign with Christ. So it's not over after the rapture. That's just going to be a 3 and 1/2 year honeymoon while the earth goes into a great tribulation and then we come back after 3 and 1/2 years and we come back eternal bodies, glorified bodies. We're going to look at some of those things and you're going to realize and see that that that we're not going to a million miles into the heavens or and the people are not going a million miles into the depths of hell. there the all those dimensions are right here right now. The seventh dimension is the mighty angel. It's Christ himself. And we're in heavenly places right now. You need to recognize that that you're in his presence in that dimension. And it's available to you this morning by being aware. Wake up. Hallelujah. Understand. Hey, we're being encamped about by a cloud of witnesses. Where are those witnesses? They're in that sixth dimension. And they without us, not us without them. No, no, no. They without us because there's a there's a change. There's a dimensional change that's in progress that could not happen in the seven church ages. They have to happen now. They got to happen now. This is the time and the season for they're waiting on us to catch this so that we can move into that dimension and be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. But if you're if you're sleeping, if you're coming to church by tradition, if you're just a churchgoer, you you haven't you you haven't recognized that God sent a prophet. You haven't recognized the opening of the seven seals. You haven't recognized that the mighty angel came down, showed himself, he took on the sixth dimensional angels, and he he he went into that cloud. Hallelujah. He used the angels from the sixth dimension to come into that cloud and show himself as the head because he was declaring, "I'm coming to the earth. I'm coming to declare. I'm coming to redeem. I'm coming to call those that are awake." Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. So, I was really blessed by that um uh uh scripture that Tim sent me this morning, and I'm going to read it because it's it's it it really is the start of everything that we're talking about. It was on light. And Genesis 1:3 says, it reads, "And God said, let there be light." and there was light. And this signifies God's creative power and authority through the spoken word. Remember, he was a self-existent one. He wanted to express himself. He wanted to unite with man. He knew that the only way that he could unite with man was to get rid of all the chaos and the darkness. And so, he had to bring light. Amen. It marks, listen, it's I'm just going to read it. It marks the beginning of creation. Now, we're talking about this earth and we're talking about this plan and we could go and talk about so many previous, you know, civilizations and everything else, but we don't know anything about that. We know what science can tell us. We know what they've come up with, but we're not that's not the focus. God didn't send us a prophet to tell us about dinosaurs. He didn't take us back into the mind of God to tell us about dinosaurs. He took us back into the mind of God to talk about us. Amen. Where we fit in and how we are a part of that great self-existent one. Right. That takes us right back to the beginning of all beginnings. Amen. There is no further back beginning and because he had no beginning. Hallelujah. So, we're interested in that. Look, even God said to Adam, "Replenish the earth." Which means that there was something there at some time. But he doesn't get into telling us what it is. And you know what? I'm not interested. Amen. Because I'm interested in getting back to what what what my my rightful position as a son of God. Amen. Praise God. And so here now he goes, it marks the beginning of creation, specifically the introduction of light, symbolizing the establishment of order and the dispelling of darkness. Hallelujah. Light is the word of God. And what you received in the opening of this word to bring you into this ministry of Christ, we're not following a man. We're not under the ministry of William Branham. We're not Branommites. We are sons and daughters of God in the mystical body of Jesus Christ. I want that to go on record. Amen. We are the body of Christ. We have We have received the Holy Ghost. Amen. Jesus said, "I'll send you the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, and he will guide you into all truth. And the truth is what sets us free. Amen. Not belonging to a denomination. Not belonging to a man's teachings. Not no the truth. The truth. Amen. So it symbolizes the dispelling of darkness. This verse highlights God's ability to bring something new and significant into existence with just a command. And you know, we looked at it. God. When God created Adam in his image, Adam was in a 21-year-old body. Adam was a perfect man. Amen. But he had no time on his body because he was in the image of God. So God can create by his word. He can create anything he wants. That's right. So if he says he's going to change this mortal into immortality, I believe it. I believe it. If he says that by his stripes I am healed, I believe it. It's as simple as that. What What's the difference? If he says that, you know, that that that I am the Lord God that provideth all of your needs, then I believe it. All my needs are going to be met. Amen. And so he can do anything. This verse highlights God's ability to bring something new and significant into existence. And what we're talking about is our existence, our purpose, understanding it. God's spoken word. This verse emphasizes that God creates through his word. This highlights the power and the authority of God's spoken word. A reoccurring theme throughout the Bible. Everything's based on the spoken word. You've recognized the spoken word for your day. That's the difference. People are going to church under tradition over and over and over again, but they haven't recognized the spoken word. Just like when Jesus walked into the midst of the people, he was the word made flesh. He was in he was in in in a a a light body matter in time because he had to take on the form of a baby. He was born as a baby. But one thing that he was not affected by was the fifth dimension, hell. He was he was Lord over the hell. He was Lord over death. He said, "I am the resurrection and the life." He made it clear when he told when when Lazarus's sister came and says, "But he's dead. He stinkketh." He says, "I'll raise him up again. I'll just raise him up again." He had the ability to go and raise the dead by the spoken word because he was God in a human body, in time, in matter, in light. But yet he had control over the dimensions. Amen. He was showing that he would have control and that at some point his wife would have the same kind of control. Amen. Praise God. She would know. She would recognize. She would realize that the hour is coming. Amen. Praise God. He was the first Adam or the second Adam. But now we're looking for the second Eve, the one that's been fully restored. Amen. Praise God. And so the first act of creation, let there be light, is the first instance of God speaking something into existence. This signifies the beginning of the creation process and the establishment of order where there was once chaos. So what's the symbolism of light? Light is often associated with goodness. It's associated with revelation and the presence of God. Amen. Amen. In Genesis 1:3, light symbolizes the removal of darkness and the introduction of God's creative presence. It's a contrast with darkness. The verse contrasts light with darkness, which is associated with the chaotic state before creation. This highlights God's power to overcome darkness and bring forth life and order. Significance of the verse Genesis 1:3 is a foundational verse in the Bible establishing God as the creator of light and the source of all life. Amen. Glory. It sets the stage for the rest of creation's account and the unfolding of God's plan. Hallelujah. light was the first dimension that he spoke into existence, but it was only the start of the plan that he had in the back of his mind. And so here now, let's read go to the next slide here. I'm going to read a a quote here from brother Brandon. He says, "And they're going to find out someday that they're not seeing 150 million years of light space either. They're going right around in a circle. That's exactly. You're going to find out one of these days that when you go to heaven, you don't fly off somewhere else. You're still right here. Amen. Two, just in another dimension faster than this. Right through this room is coming. Color. Every color, shirt, dress, whatever you got on is eternal, laying right on records, going around and around the world. Every time you bat your eyes, it's right on record. Watch television will prove that. Amen. Praise God. And so, let's go to the next slide. A little just a quick review, okay? As we're moving through this third, you know, because the understanding of the third dimension being time, this is so important to us because, you know, as we get through this and as we we we come to the end of this and we move into the seventh dimension, we're going to be looking at at the scripture where Revelations 10:6 says, "Time shall be no more." And so that pertains to something that that is going on right now in the midst of God's people. They've recognized this scripture. They're they're they're moving in it. They're they're fulfilling it. They're they're conscious of the mighty angel that came down to open those seals and what it is that he's going to produce. They're conscious of it. But in the meantime, time began and was issued in the economy of mankind when man fell from grace. Listen, when Adam was made in the image of God, he was eternal. He was in God's image. It wasn't until God took of the matter of the dust of the earth. Time still wasn't in existence at this point. He takes matter and he creates a body so that Adam could live in this dimension on the earth in light matter and in a theophony form because he was in the image of God. He had an eternal body. He was theophony and he called his name Adam. Male and female called their name Adam. So in Adam in that theophony was also Eve. She was she was there with him because he uh God expressed one of his attributes from himself when he said let us make man in our image. And when he did that he was showing that he himself is male and female within God is male and female. Today they've perverted it. They're they're abusing it. You know, they're using gender identity and they're and they're reversing everything. They're saying, "Oh, well, I'm a male, but but I'm but I I I I I want to be a female. I'm a female in a male body." See, it's all the perversion. They Satan is what he's going to do. He's going to pervert what is actually the truth. And the truth is is that we are going back to the one to to one God to to the to the fullness of Adam back in the in the Garden of Eden where God was expressing himself as male and female. But it wasn't until Eve because he took he says, "Okay, I'm going to make a helpmate now for Adam." And he takes right from himself, right from Adam. He takes a rib and he produces this human uh matter body who was still eternal. Eve was eternal like Adam. She was one with Adam. She was actually one in theophony in Adam. Amen. But she got deceived when the devil comes. Remember God's desire was to to multiply himself and to bring forth by the spoken words sons and daughters of God. Satan saw heard says I want to do that. I want to bring forth children. That's why the original sin is not eating an apple. It was an adultery. It was a sex act because the serpent who was an upright being was Satan himself incarnate able to talk able to communicate with her. Says hath God said that you know the day that you eat of this tree meaning himself the tree of knowledge. He knew both good and evil. He knew that that God had created you know bring forth after its own kind. He saw that every seed would bring forth of his own kind. So he goes to Eve and he says, "Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, I can make you like God and create sons and daughters and you can be like God." And she actually at that moment fell into sin. And it was at that very moment time came into existence because time is death. Time is the separation between life and death. Time is the separation between you and God. As long as we are in a time body, we are separated from God. That's why this earthly tabernacle has to be dissolved. You you got to be changed. You can't stay in this tabernacle and see God. Amen. Even when brother Brandham was taken over to that other dimension, this tabernacle was left in the bed. Hallelujah. Because this tabernacle is for this dimension. Amen. Praise God. So, we need to see here that that death and hell came as a result of Eve going and committing adultery with Satan himself, the serpent, and brought forth the serpent seed. Brought forth Cain, who was a murderer. Why was he a murder? Where did murder come from? Why all of a sudden? because he his father was a liar. Amen. Okay. The Bible even says, I can show you scripture. People don't want to believe in the serpent seed. They don't want to believe that that that Eve committed adultery. It's in the scriptures. It's clear in the script. I'm not going to get into all of it now, but you can go and search it yourself and look it up and then you'll see all the scriptures that pertain that, you know, when Jesus himself stood before the Pharisees and all the high priests and everything else, they were claiming to be the sons of Abraham. Jesus stood there and says, "You're of your father, the devil, who was a liar from the beginning." Who was the first liar in the beginning? It's a serpent. Who was the serpent? The devil. We got to see this in order. Listen, if you're going to understand dimensions, then you're going to have to understand that that fifth dimension is death and hell. And it's the dimension that mixes with this one here. That's why there's so much effects and so much war and so much uh destruction and and and adultery and broken families and sickness and and a world that's completely falling apart. Why? Because the fifth dimension is influencing the people and and and taking a hold of the people because they don't have the Holy Ghost. Amen. Do you know that when you receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, it's your ability to withstand that fifth dimension's influence in your life? It's what sets up the barrier between you and the influence of that fifth dimension that doesn't take you and and and suck you in and destroy your life if it wasn't for the grace of God. But that fifth dimension, people think that it's all monsters and and and wicked evil spirits that are that are manifesting on the people. Let me tell you that fifth dimension and those spirits that operate out of that dimension are operating right in our schools, right in our politicians, right in the in the in the in the world systems of today, right in the right in Hollywood. They're operating there to bring an influence upon the people. They're operating from the pulpits. Those spirits are moving right from the pulpit and speaking. God is a trinity. There's the father, there's the son, there's the holy ghost. All three separate individuals, but they're one. And that is the that is the mark of the beast. That is the lie of the enemy to get the people. That's why the scripture said all would be deceived. All a ll would be deceived by this religious system that that Satan has designed. He was religious, remember? He knew the word. He went to Eve and says, "Hath God said?" He knew exactly what God said. He's very religious. And he's going to take the word of God and he's just going to twist it just enough to make you feel comfortable in your church. and you're believing a lie and you don't know it. And what did we say? A partial truth will set you free. No, no. The truth, the truth will set you free. And this is the element that deception has now gotten to the highest level where all would be deceived except those whose names were written in the Lamb's book of life. And in 1963, the mighty angel comes down with a book open. Oh, we're going to be looking at that more and more. And we're going to see things in there that we never thought we would see. But it's because your identity is in that book. And that's why you're able to see the things that you're able to see. That's why you're able to withstand this dimension. Oh, the battles are hard. Don't listen. I fought battles this week, saints. I'm not going to sit here and throw a pity party. I I don't want to hear I listen. I I know. Listen, we all go through battles. But you know what? When I when I get together with my brothers and sisters, I want to fellowship on the victory over the battle. I want to know about the victory of what God did to get me through the battle. Amen. And this is what I'm talking about here. It was the Holy Ghost that gave victory this week to get through the battle. Because without the word in you, you will not stand. You will fall. You will fall into deception. You'll get into a laxy nice and comfortable condition thinking everything is fine, but yet you've missed it a million miles the rapture will have taken place. And the and you know what? There's there's so few in the rapture that when it happens, they're not even going to miss us. Actually, maybe a lot of people are going to say, "I'm glad the guy's gone, man. He never stops talking about the Lord. He's always talking about Jesus." Hallelujah. You better talk about Jesus in this hour because he's the only way out. He says, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man comes to the father, which is back to eternity, back to his self-existence, but by me, which was the the the sacrifice of him coming to the earth to claim his own." Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And so here we know now that um that this third dimension it it it has everything to do with you know the garden of Eden. But due to the fall when Eve was deceived by the serpent into eating and partaking with the forbidden fruit and dragged her into her husband dragged her husband Adam into it. Death entered human life. Don't think Adam didn't know what was going on. Adam was fully aware just like Jesus. While we were yet sinners, he loved us. Glory to God. Amen. Aren't you glad that your that your old life, no matter how wicked, how ugly it was, he still loved you in the midst of it all. And he says, "Forgiven, forgotten in the sea of my for forgetfulness, never to be remembered no more." That's what I call a fresh start, saints. That's available to every single one that can receive this. Amen. Praise God. But of the fruit that of the tree in the midst of the garden, thou shalt not eat of it. The moment that you eat thereof, you will die. And Genesis 3 tells us, man began to age and to weaken after the fall. Man that is born of a woman is of a few days. Job said, Amen. In 14:1, time will cease. one day after everything has been restored by God back to its original condition. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God forever more. So let's move on the fourth dimension. We understand that you know that man is living in light, matter, time. But the fourth dimension, just a quick review, we know that without the fourth dimension, you would not even hear me speaking right now. This fourth dimension is the is the dimension of communication. It's where God can can communicate and bring forth his word and bring forth his teachings, inspire his ministers, get you into fellowship around the word of God, get you reading the word, get you talking about the word, get you inspired, get you changed little by little. But Satan also uses that fourth dimension to influence you in exactly the opposite way. He'll get you to listen to YouTube about how God is just the universe and Jesus was just somebody that reached a very high level of consciousness right there and then gets you thinking like the rest of the like because the masses the majority of people I don't care what religion they are the majority of will agree with that. They'll they'll agree when when somebody comes up and says Allah is God. Yes, you can call God Allah, but the God that you call Allah is Jesus Christ in this dimension. And you need to recognize that he died for your sin. And without recognizing that Allah is Jesus Christ and denying that Jesus Christ is Allah, you'll die in your sin. You'll perish in your sin. You can't. The Holy Ghost is not going to go against his own word. Jesus says, "I'll send you the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, and he will guide you into all truth." So the Holy Ghost will never contradict himself. And this is how you will know what is truth and what is not truth. But this is how they use the teachings they use, you know, uh, television, movies, social media, you know, all via the fourth dimension, all via man's scientific achievements. Man is looking like he's achieving the greatest things. Putting satellites in the heavens so that speed of of of communication so that words and music and and sound and pictures can move at light speed. It's wonderful. It's great. But if it's not leading you closer to Christ, the word, then it's taking you away from him. It's as simple as that. And so we know that the fourth dimension it operates and runs through the other four dimensions which is light, space, matter, time and the fifth dimension which is hell and death. Death and hell, not a burning hell. Not a get this this thing. I know a lot of people had this concept, but God sent us a prophet that was able. And he says, "By the grace of God, I've seen both places." And he says, "And if anybody tells you that it's a burning hell, it's not. Or that it's an eternal hell, it's not." He described that fifth dimension and what it was. And it's as simple as this. You ever had a nightmare? That's what he described it as, a nightmare. That it's somewhere that you're stuck. You're you're not awake and you're not fully asleep, but you're stuck in this fifth dimension between this life and that life. Okay? And when somebody dies without the Holy Ghost, okay? It's without the Holy Ghost, which is the word for your day. Remember the Holy Ghost was given through all the seven church ages. And and when it came through all those seven church ages, there was an anointing that came with the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost is the anointing of God. It's the seventh dimension anointing on you as an individual. That's why it's a gift to receive the Holy Ghost. And you young people, when you receive the Holy Ghost, or you older people, when you receive the Holy Ghost, you're receiving the ability to recognize the word. That's what the Holy Ghost does to you. It gives you the ability to recognize what God is doing in your day. And it also places an anointing on you to overcome the age that you're in. Because you look back at the seven church ages, how could those individuals that that that had to face lions and and be cut into pieces and and be thrown into rings uh gladiator rings and be uh chopped up and everything go in there praising God. Hallelujah. Walking it. Why? Because they had the Holy Ghost on them. Through the dark ages, they they they killed 68 million Christians. How did they kill those? They burn them at the stake. They would go to the stake praising God. Why? Because they weren't feeling the burning of the fire. They had the fire of God burning through them. Amen. That was cooling them, making them feel the anointing of God's love and and and his protection on their lives. Amen. Praise God. They could face whatever challenge that the enemy would bring to them because they had the Holy Ghost anointing for that particular age. And there's an Holy Ghost anointing in this age, which is Christ himself. Amen. This anointing that we're talking about that we're going to that we're going to go deeper into, it's the one that changes us. It's the one that changes this mortal body in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. But you're going to need to receive the revelation of this anointing and what it's supposed to produce. It's not going to produce another denomination. It's not going to produce another church age. The church ages are over. Amen. This is going to produce Christ back on the earth again with his bride, with his wife having dominion. Amen. And then it goes into a new heaven and a new earth after the millennium. And I don't even want to go there right now. But all I can tell you is that if you look at the scripture, it says that in the New Jerusalem in that place, the lamb is the light in that place. They're not even going to need light. Hallelujah. Because the lamb is going to be the light. There's going to be no death, no sorrow, all those things. But that's the new heaven and the new earth. That's going to be that's going to be down the road. We don't want to go there. we want to deal with right now so we can get there. Amen. Praise God. That's where we want to stay right there. So understanding this fourth dimension is is is important because it's where you get attacked. It's where you're constantly bombarded. You young people be careful. You're constantly on your phones. You've constantly got them in your face and you're constantly being bombarded by the lies of the enemy. Unless you're feeding on the right things, your mind is being you, you know, your subconscious mind is an important part of your being. And and what you feed your subconscious mind is what you is what you become and what you start to manifest on the outward part. And if there's not a pull for the word, for the word of God, to to hear the messages, to hear the prophet's voice, to hear what God is is is revealing through the through the the the the tapes. I love the tapes. I listen to them every single day. Praise God. But I'm listening for the voice of God. I'm listening for the mighty angel. I'm listening for his voice. And now his voice is in a five-fold ministry in this day and in this hour, too. As a matter of fact, his voice is in you. It's in you. It's in you. It's in you. It's in you. It's in every one of us. Amen. Praise God. Because he's coming to possess and to speak his word to this generation. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. So the influence of the fourth dimension, we know what it does. It's both good and evil. But you need to understand it. You need to be aware of it so that you can handle yourself properly in how you deal with this dimension because it's getting more and more deceptive. You think AI is incredible? Oh my gosh, it's amazing, man. I go to my phone now. My text messages, they're all summarized. Tells me just get to the point. Tells me everything that I need to know from this person. They might send me a paragraph this long. My AI in my phone is going to tell me the points of what's what's the gist of it here. I need to know, you know, and this is what pe I didn't I didn't set it up. I didn't set it up. It's just happening. Yeah, you do updates on your phones and this and that and all this technology gets in there and AI which is artificial intelligence artificial. It's got exactly what it is. It's not official. It's not God's word. It's artificial. It is knowledge being taken in in a way where you can pull it all. You can take every thing about the history of of the world and the history of a country and the history of a man or the history of a of a a a civilization and you can go in there and you can go to J chat GBT and you can ask it to just give you a summary of this and it'll draw from all of these databases all over the world and give you a clean, clear, precise thesis on exactly what you need to know. makes you think, "My gosh, I am so smart. I can get all of this information just like that." And and you know, and it'll teach you things about God that are so contrary to the word of God, but it'll sound so good and you'll think, "Man, this AI is amazing. I can start creating sermons with AI." They've got it. They've got it. I seen it. it came up. They're sending it to me. Just send us, you know, what your thoughts and, you know, some thoughts and this and that and we'll put it together for you in a way that you can present it to the people just like a professional. They're going to think that you are amazing. Imagine that in this age, in the bride age, that doesn't work. The bride only feeds on one thing, faith. The bride can't feed on knowledge. We got all the knowledge we need. Anybody can read the Bible. The Bible's being the same Bible that I'm preaching from and the scriptures that I'm preaching from here this morning. They're preaching from the exact same ones in all the different churches out there, all the different Christian churches, taking the same scriptures, everything else, but without the Holy Ghost anointing on that minister and on the people that are receiving that word that's being spoken without the Holy Ghost on that scripture, it kills. You want the scripture for it? Yes, sir. The letter kleth, but the spirit gives it life. That's the scripture for it. This is the thing that, you know, a lot of people you we'll read these scriptures. We'll see them. I I'll testify of them. I'll I'll sit and talk about scripture, but if they ain't got the Holy Ghost, it's like you're talking to a an AI. It's like, you know, it just goes in and out. Their eyes, you can see that stare. They're not receiving because to receive this word, you got to be the word. Hallelujah. You got to be the word. The ones back in the dark ages that receive the word to overcome the the the the dark ages of of where they were killing Christians one after the other. They were slaughtering them. They received light on themselves because they were the word in that day. Amen. That was going to say amen to the word. I'm trying to keep I'm trying to make this real simple. when they heard the word being ministered through the messenger, whether it was Paul or whether it was Luther or whether it was Aranius and all the other uh messengers to that to those particular ages. The reason why they heard the word was because they were the word waiting for the light. Hallelujah. You know when you know you know you know when you you know when you say I seen the light. No. What happened was the light of God's word came on you and it awoke you out of your sleep out of your amnesia. And at that point you realize that you were a Christian. I can only go back on my own experience. Many people were trying to lead me to Christ. But it wasn't until I heard this message and I heard the revelation that was coming out of John Simon, our former pastor, and the word that was coming out of him week after week. That word was feeding my soul in a way that nothing else could do it. Amen. There was just nothing else that could satisfy my soul to make me understand the word of God for my day. Why was it that why why could I see it? because I was the word. I was waiting to be awakened to the day. It's like the scripture says David or or or Joseph, was it Joseph that that had to wait for the day that his word came? It's in the it's in the the Psalms. It wasn't when his word came, it brought him into a recognition of who he was and he ended up being the savior of Egypt because it was his time. You see, the word has to come to you personal personal. This is not a family thing. This is not, oh well, if it comes to me, it's got to come to my children. No, it's got to come to you and it's got to come to the to your children. Amen. It's something personal and they woke up under the anointing of the word. It brought them into manifestation and all of a sudden they were speaking the word. That's why you can't help it. When you start to testify to somebody, you automatically are going to testify of the opening of the word, the the the the fulfillment of Malachi 4, the fulfillment of Revelations 10:7, the opening of the seven seals. You can't help it. The mighty angel come down, the open book. This is the revelation of the hour. And if you are a portion of that word, that's why that's why when the mighty angel came down with the open book, he said, "Take the book and eat the book." Because the book is the word. The the word is what awakens you to your calling and your position in your placing in the body of Christ. and you can't help but but identify with this message and identify with this church, this ministry because God placed you in the in the in the in the boundary of this ministry in this church and that's why you're here. We don't convince people to come here. We're not trying to The Bible says the Lord adds to the church. The Lord adds to the church. So that's what we're looking for. And who is the Lord? The word. And when we speak the word and we testify the word. That's why the greatest thing that you can do is just give the people your testimony. Tell them what happened. Tell them how the word became alive in you. Amen. Praise God. Let's move on here. I'm just going to go another 10 minutes and we're going to we're going to uh move into next week. Let's look at the fifth dimension now which um go to the next slide. Okay. And it is where the wicked and the unbeliever go after they die. We talked about this. Brother Brandham described this place so well in his sermon, Souls in Prison, November 10th, 1963. Hell is a dimension and is different from Hades, physical grave, or from the lake of fire. It's a dimension. The fifth dimension is just that, another dimension. And look, he goes on. He says, 'Now Jesus, after he had finished his ministry, preached to those souls that were unsavable, that could not ever be saved. Now, the Bible tells us that he went and preached to the souls that were in prison that repented not. When mercy was given to them, they spurned mercy. And now they're waiting for judgment. So in other words, when the Holy Spirit comes with the word, Jesus, he came, he was, he spoke the word. He says, "I do nothing lest the father reveals it unto me." He was coming to fulfill the plan of redemption. Everything that he was doing was according to the word. And he was he was speaking the word. And while he was preaching amongst the people, a handful, a dozen recognized who he was. Why? Because he called them. Go back into the Gospels. It wasn't that they ran to him. No, he says one day he's walking through one of the cities there. He looks over and he sees Matthew. He says, "Matthew, come follow me. The moment that Jesus spoke Matthew's name, something woke up inside of Matthew because he was a portion of the word in that day. And he could not do anything but follow the word because the word had called him. Yes. But at the same time, while Jesus was was was was speaking and talking to the people, he was also speaking to those that were that could never receive the word. Let's let's read the scripture. Let's let's move along here. Praise God forever more. Let's go to the next slide. 1 Peter 3:18-20. This is going somewhere, okay? So, just stay with me. Just just just continue to feed and and allow the Holy Spirit to to just show us what's going on and what we're producing in this hour. We want to understand our existence. For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the spirit. He was actually coming from his Jesus came from his seventh dimension, came down and took on a a a light matter and time existence. but yet had had connection with the seventh all at the same time. Amen. He was he was God in the flesh. Remember that Emmanuel the Lord the the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. So he was here in the flesh. So hell did not have any control over him. But remember when he went to Gethsemane the eternal God had to leave him. so that that flesh could go to to Calvary. Amen. Praise God. You got to see that he was in the midst of a dimensional battle and change and and transition because he was he was redeeming. He had a plan here. These dimensions, all that we're talking about, it it all comes together and it all fits together so that this is all going to make sense by the time we're through it. Amen. At least to some of us. Praise God. which he says so he goes on here he says and so he the the flesh had to be put to death because he had to fulfill his word. We need to see redemption here. If a man sin a man had to die. So he had to put on matter and he had to become subject to time. Without time in his body he could not have died. He could not have gone to the cross. Amen. Do you see why he had to take on time? Because he had to conquer time. Amen. He had to conquer time because he was going to do it again. Hallelujah. And so which sometimes were disobedient. Now watch. By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison, which sometimes were disobedient. When once the long suffering of God waited in the days of Noah while the ark was preparing wherein few that is eight souls were saved by water. What's he saying here? When Jesus died and gave up the the the the the the ghost, okay, his body went into take the sixth dimensional body, his his theophony body. Okay? So that he could go because remember he could move through dimensions. He needed to go and deal with the fifth dimension because prior to his coming, there was no sixth dimension. There was no sixth dimension prior to his first coming. They were all in, look at back in the Old Testament, it showed that they were sleep. They were in paradise. They were in a place. It was death and hell. There was those that were that died in in God under the Old Testament, the ones that believed in God, but they were they were in prison in in in and they were like souls that were in prison that were waiting for the for the for the uh for the uh the manifestation of of the seventh angel, the the the mighty uh Lord God Elohim, the seventh dimensional God that was the light in the beginning of all things for him to come down that could move through all those dimensions to go down into that fifth dimension take the keys from Satan and that's why you can go back and read that the saints of old were seen in Jerusalem because they came up in that first resurrection this was a type of something that he's going to do again That's what we're in the midst of right now. And that's why it's important for us to understand why Jesus had to come in the first resurrection so that he could prove that he could do it again. Amen. For the saints that were going to be down the road, 2,000 years down the road, those that were going to fulfill the seven church ages to bring Christ back again in the fullness of his word. Amen. Amen. And so here now he goes down into that fifth dimension. He brings up those that died in him under the old and he creates the sixth dimension for them. Now there's a sixth dimension where the redeemed are waiting. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Let's go to the next scripture. He says the like figure. Now pay attention where unto even baptism doth also now save us. Now here Peter is talking about this this this redemption, this plan of salvation, this move of Jesus through these dimensions who had to go and preach to those souls that were in prison. This whole process brings us into the picture. the like figure where unto that's why we we say to somebody, have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? What do you mean? I got baptized as a baby. No babies baptism, you can't find it in the scripture. How does a baby believe and get saved? He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. That's why you Why do you bring up baptism? Well, there it is right there. Not that it saves you, not the putting away of filth of the flesh. You need the blood to do that. Amen. Glory to God. But the answer of a good conscience towards God by the resurrection of Jesus Christ. In other words, you've recognized that the that the mighty God himself has come to you personal. Amen. Amen. And and when that happens, you can't wait to get to that water because now you are expressing something on the outside of something that's taken place on the inside. Because when Jesus comes and says your sins are forgiven, that's a part of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's a part of your salvation. That's something that you receive. That's a gift that he gives to you. But it doesn't it doesn't mean that you're saved because you're getting baptized. It means that you've you've accepted the the the the sacrifice of him coming to the earth. You've accepted the fact that he's he's going to take you out of this dimension now because this is all about dimensional change that we're we're in the dispensation of the rapture. So we're looking for change. We're looking for the change and the change can only come as a result of receiving the Holy Ghost. And he says here, he says, "By the resurrection of Jesus Christ, who is gone into heaven and on the right hand of God, angels, authorities, and powers be made subject unto him." This is where we are headed. That's why understanding authorities that when you come under the authority of the word of God, everything that we've been saying here is when we say repent and be baptized, have you received the Holy Ghost? If there's a representation in you for God's word, you're going to you're going to say, "Amen, brother." where just like the unic when Philip was explaining to him as they were walking around as soon as they came to a pool of water the unic says hey there's a pool of water so what was it that Philip was telling him why was this so important that they that because he received the birth he received the awakening and it was now an outward expression and he showed that he had received Christ in his day and his hour changes everything Amen. Let the musicians come. This is the hour that we are living in, saints. This is why it's so important to understand that we're not just here in this light, matter, time body that's influenced by the fourth and the fifth dimension. With the Holy Ghost, you have power over the fifth dimension. Jesus says, "I give you the Holy Ghost. I give you power." He says, he says, "Rejoice not that you can cast out devils, but rejoice to know that your name is written in heaven." How do you know your name's written in heaven? Because you're you're you're hearing this message and you're saying, "Amen, brother. I hear what you're saying. I understand now it's not just, you know, an existence here where where, you know, that's why a lot of Christians are living in miserable existences. They don't understand the influence of these dimensions on their lives and they don't understand them. And so they're in this thought process in their minds, even Christians to this day, that if I don't live right, I'm going to hell. I'm just going to go to hell if I don't live right. If you are a son or a daughter of God, you can never go to hell. Because you have the life of God in you which is eternal. You were never ever destined for hell. How do you know that? Because you can recognize the word in your day. It takes you out of the rest of the general public in the understanding of of Christianity. Amen. Praise God. Amen. This is who we are. We're not governed by this fifth dimension. We're not controlled by it. And we have no place with it. Amen. It it it comes under our feet. It places, listen, and it places it on the right hand of God, angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him. And if he's with you, then this world is under our feet. Now, I'm not being arrogant in saying that. I'm talking about a revelation and an understanding. Don't let the enemy tell you that you are not who the scripture says that you are. Amen. Let us believe what God is revealing to us through these teachings and through these uh times of refreshing from the word of God. He's led us into this. And all I can say is I've been I've been having wonderful times with the Lord as I'm studying all of this, but I can't convey to you what I'm seeing. You know, like I see things and and and I can't put it into words. It's hard for me to put it into words, but when I'm hearing and when I'm feeding and when I'm reading, it's like, oh, glory to God. These dimensions are so important for us to understand. Otherwise, we get we get caught and and we we start living miserable. We start being moved any way we want. Satan wants to come and ruin your day. He just anoints one of your children. He anoints a a a certain boss at work or a or a co-orker or he you know he and you got to realize you do not fight against uh you you're not fighting against flesh and blood. You're fighting against powers, principalities and dominions. And more so now than ever before, saints, praise God forever more. We will stop right there and next week we're going to be looking at the sixth dimension a little closer so that we can understand why it's so important to understand and to see and recognize the change that's now taking place in this rapture dispensation. Let us pray. our gracious heavenly father. We are so grateful. Lord, I know a lot was said here today, Father. And I I pray, oh God, that uh it will it will go into the hearts of the people somehow they'll be able to draw from it, Lord. And it'll just give them courage, confidence, and strength to keep pressing, Lord, overcoming the the snares and the influences of the fourth and the fifth dimension that just seems to be uh oh God, just pounding pounding us, Lord. The more we expose it, it seems the more it wants to try to pound us. But Lord, we're not relying upon our own ability. We're relying on the anointing of the Holy Spirit that you've placed upon our lives. And I pray, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ that your spirit will move through the hearts of the people and give them victory this week as they meet the challenges which they will meet. But you be there, Father, to give them, bring back a thought, bring back a scripture, bring back a quote, something that will strengthen them and encourage them to press on and to overcome. Lord, we thank you so much for what you're doing. Father, we bless you. We praise you. We give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise God. You got a song? Amen. Hallelujah. Song. Yes. I want to sing this song. You know, I I'll be honest with you. I've had over the years a little bit of trouble singing this song sometimes, but um I understand it a lot better right now. Amen. And this is this is like heaven to me. Think about it. Let's all stand and sing it. We find many people who can understand why we are so happy and free. We've crossed over Jordan to Canadian. And this is like heaven to me. Oh, this is my to [Music] over Jordan. [Music] So when we are happy, we sing and we sh don't like it. You see, we're filled with the spirit. There isn't. Doesn't matter where you are. This is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. Jordan. Well, this is the first brother. We heard the sweet music, the heavenly glory over the sea. A thrilling message from Jesus our Lord. This is my [Music] praise [Music] over Jordan [Music] to me. [Music] Amen. I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high with the redee. Oh, sing [Music] [Music] and we will see. There will be a great procession on the streets. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] will sing with their voice and [Applause] All those angels have Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] I looked over Jordan and what did I see coming for the seven angels but the seven angels coming after me so Yeah. Heat. [Applause] See one more time overflow [Music] is coming after Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Give the Lord a a clap of praise this evening. Amen. Hallelujah. You'll be seated just for a moment. Amen. Praise God. Have a couple announcements. Amen. Hallelujah. We enjoyed the word of God today. Amen. Let it find root in our heart and let it manifest in our lives. Amen. Praise God. We have a nursing home ministry today. Amen. It's just down the street here. Nursing home team. You all know you all know who you are. Amen. I believe it's uh 2:30. Amen. 1:45. Amen. And we have brother Phillip who's going to be ministering there today. And another quick note, uh, our washrooms are fully functional now, man. Last week they were down. Amen. But, uh, quick, uh, caution to everyone. Don't put anything down that is not acceptable in our washrooms. Amen. In the toilets. Amen. Uh, cause a a terrible situation. Amen. So, it's all listed there. Use wisdom. Read the signs that are up. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because if they're not functional, we ain't got to have no church. Amen. Amen. So, God bless you all. Amen. And have a wonderful evening in the grace of God. Amen. You see you all here on Wednesday and join with us on Friday prayer service. Amen. Amen. God answers prayer. You believe that? Amen. Amen. So join with us. Amen. Bring your need. Bring your request. Amen. And God bless you all. Amen. Amen. And just a quick note too that you know uh with this black the black chairs that we got here. You guys all look fantastic. So wear your colorful outfits. You don't know how good you look from back here or up here. Really really looks good. Hey, is it nice? Yeah, it's nice. Um, it's almost like Christmas, all the different colors. But bless the Lord. Did we not receive the word this morning, brother? It's good stuff. Welcome visitors. God bless you. We're glad to have you. Everybody, let's stand. We're going to sing this one song and I believe it applies right to what we heard. It's simple. It goes, I just want to be where you are. Living daily in your presence. [Music] I don't want to worship from afar. [Music] Draw me near to where you are. I just want to be where you are. Oh, I just want to be where you are. [Applause] your praise. I don't want to worship from the drawing near to where you are [Music] in your presence. That is where I want to be. I just want to be I just want to be with you. God bless you, brother, sister. Christmas if you like. I just want to be [Music] [Applause] I don't want to worship. [Music] [Applause] I just want to be Oh, I just want to be where you are. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] That is where I want to be. [Applause] [Music]
