################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - Redemption Is In Three Parts (Part 2) - Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong - Philip Bobie-Frimpong.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-05
Title:    Redemption Is In Three Parts (Part 2) - Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Speaker:  Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OawJmLZIGs
========================================

Description:
Minister Philip Bobie-Frimpong
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] for me. Jehovah, you are with me. By your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah [Music] sh you wait to me. You supply all my You are more than enough. You are more than enough. You are [Music] born for me. Jehovah Jehovah child my profider. You are more than enough for me. [Music] You're [Music] over. You're [Music] my B stripes I set free. Jehovah [Music] Sha, you are way to me. You [Applause] supply my need. You are more than enough. You are more than enough. You are more than You're more than enough. Oh, you are more than enough. You are more than enough. You are more than enough. You are more enough. for me. Amen. He's more than enough. Amen. Give [Music] me greater than all my sins. Is the blood that still cleanses me. It's the grace that still sets me free. to praise [Music] him. I know above the blood. I'm walking in this. I cannot for greater than all. Greater than all my sins is the blood that still cleanses me. It's the grace that still sets me free. Praise him. I don't apply. I'm walking in [Music] you. I cannot fall. Waiting in all one more time. Waiting in all my sins. And all my sins is the blood that still cleanses me. It's the grace that still set me free. Praise him. I know the blood walking in this I can fall in all. I cannot fall. I cannot fall. I cannot fall. Greater than all the blood of the lamb. What? What a consolation. I cannot fall. Amen. The blood of the lamb is being set free every day. Amen. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in. Oh, greater gater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. See in his life growing high to and he's seeking only many power. The Bible tells us so. Many souls have been praying for all but God has promised us today. Greater is he greater is he greater is he that is in me. Rece on the day on the day of there came a rush she rushing wind and it blew into the upper room and baptiz with a power with a power greater than any I'm so glad. I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole greater is he greater is see. No one's gater. No one's gater, greater is he that is in me than he that is me. Greater is he. Greater is he is in. Greater, greater, greater is he that is in you. Oh, greater is he that is in me and he that is. I've got the life of God in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got this life is his ability. I've got the life of God. I've got the toen. I've got the [Music] toen. I've got the toen the original seed. I've got the token in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got life is nature. [Music] And I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. It was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. For one day when I was lost, he died on the cross. I know it was the Lord for me. Oh, and he's coming back again. He's coming back again. He's coming back again for me. One day when I was lost, he died back again for me. Oh, and I knew it was the blood. Knew it was the blood. I knew it was the blood of me. One day when I was lost, he died. I know it was the blood. Hallelujah. Lord, we are so grateful, Lord, for the blood. We thank you once again, oh God. We are so happy to be in your house. Give you thanks, Lord. You say where twos and threes are gathered together in your midst, you are there to bless, Lord. And we ask, oh God, that you give a great blessing to those streaming online tonight, Lord, who was tuned in to hear your word and was uh made it into your house. Lord, as David said, I was glad when he said unto me, let's go into the house of the Lord. Father, we're so grateful, oh God, that you give us this opportunity that you put something in us, our hearts that we can desire to come into your house, Lord. We know we live in a world where there's so many distractions out there, Lord, but you made a way, Lord, for us to come. And we're here, Lord, to hear your word. Speak to us tonight, Lord. move brother Philip out of the way, oh God, that you take control of his his lips and and and speak through those lips. Lord, we we're here to hear from you, Lord. We desire to know more about what you have in store for us, Lord. We give you thanks. We give you praise in Jesus name we pray. Amen. You love him today. Amen. [Music] When the Oh my Oh my [Music] cheer when the s I'm a pill a stranger wondering through this world of sin on my Wait till I can see when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. All I want to be is that number. When the saints go maring. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go. Oh, I want that number when the saints go in. Oh, I know I'll see my savior. If my life is free from sin, heaven's door will open for me. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring when the s. [Music] Oh, I want to be in that number. When the saints go maring and when we get around the truth, when we do the truth, I'll shout glory, glory. Oh, and the s maring. Oh, when the saint watch it. Oh, when the saint goes all our number when the stage comes. I'm waiting for the chariot. I'm waiting for the chariot to swing low and I step on the clouds. I'll ride to heaven. Oh, and the seing. Oh, when the seeds When the se go. And the S [Music] go. Oh, I want [Music] to see. [Music] Please be seated. Yes. Amen. When the saints go maring, none of us, all of us want to be in that number. And we are in that number. Amen. I'm in that number. Yes. Bride worship number. Yes. I'm in the Amen. Praise God. God is good. We thank him for his grace for making a way for us to be here tonight. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Um without wasting much time um let us prepare our hearts and pray. Amen. Oh our gracious kind heavenly father. You are the same yesterday, today and forever. Father you know everything before you even came here. you ordained and you know everyone that will be here. Father, you know everything that anyone everyone here needs. Lord, my prayer tonight. May you take me aside and use my voice and speak to the needs of the people. Oh God, today is a working day. They have sacrificed their time to be here. Could have spent our time anywhere, but they chose to come because they love you. Won't you come and speak to their needs and help everyone here father don't let them leave you the same oh God may you search our heart including mine tonight and see if there be anything in one of us that forgive us we don't mean it or during the day you might have stepped on things might have do certain things wrong but Lord even every thought that pass through our mind like you we repent anything we have done we ask for forgiveness we have this confidence the blood of Christ It washes from all sins. May you come once more and speak to us as never been before. Father, we expect you because your word clearly said where two or three are gathered in your name, you are in our midst. So come once more and speak. We come against any contrary spirit. Let the great Holy Ghost have remnants. Lord Jesus Christ, we are depending on you. We are depending on you Lord. We are depend on your grace and your mercy tonight. Come and help us, Father. We are a needy people, Lord, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh, praise God. I have a lengthy scriptures. I kind of forget my notes at home, but doesn't matter. God will make a way and just scrapple something up right away over here. And I'm not depending on myself. I'm not depend on the nose. We depend on Christ. Amen. Amen. The nose is just a guidelines. The rest take care of it. So I'm not worried. Amen. So um our first scripture is Isaiah 53:5. Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities, our iniquities, sorry. The chastisement of our peace was upon him and with his stripes we are healed. And I have one lengthy one. First Kings 3 verse 1-13. That'll be lengthy one, but just bear with me. Today is a Bible studies anyway. So I hope you won't mind. Put this one here. Okay, put this one here. And Solomon, first Kings 3 verse 1-13. First Kings 3 verse 1-13. And Solomon made affinity with Pharaoh, king of Egypt, and took Pharaoh's daughter, and brought her into the city of David, until he had made an end of building his own house, and the house of the Lord, and the wall of Jerusalem roundabout. Only the people sacrificed in the high places, because there was no house built unto the name of the Lord until those days. And Solomon loved the Lord, walking in the status of his of David his father. Only he sacrificed and burned incense in high places. And the king went to Gibon to sacrifice there, for that was the great high place, a thousand burnt offerings this Solomon offer upon that altar. In Gibian, the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream by night, and God said, "Ask what I shall give thee." And Solomon said, I love this, "Thou hast show unto thy servant David, my father, great mercy, according as he has walked before thee in truth and in righteousness and uprightness of heart with thee." And thou hast kept for him his great kindness that thou has given him a son to sit on his throne as this day. Verse seven. And now I like this here. Oh Lord my God, thou has made thy servant king instead of David thy father. And I am but a child. Here dependence of I know not how to go out or come in. He expressed his dependency on God, not according to his own wisdom or knowledge. And thy servant is in the midst of thy people, which thou hast chosen, a great people here tonight, that cannot be numbered, nor counted for multitude. Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people. That's the spirit of discernment. that I may zen between good and bad. For who is able to judge this thy so great people? And the speech, oh my somewhere he said, let the words of my mouth and meditation of my heart be acceptable unto thee. And the speech what? Please the Lord that Solomon has asked this thing. And God said unto him, "Because thou has asked this thing, and has not asked for thyself long life, neither has asked riches for thyself, nor that has asked the life of thine enemies, but has asked for thyself understanding of what? Diserning judgment." Wow. Behold, I have done according to thy ways. Lord, I've given thee a wise and understanding heart, so that there was none like thee before thee, neither neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee. The last verse, that's where I'm going to base my topic on. That really strikes my heart when I I read that scripture. And I have also given thee that which thou has not asked asked, both riches and honor, so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days. Heavenly Father, bless the reason of the word in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Please be seated. So he said that verse 13, "And I have also given thee that which thou has not asked, both riches and honor, so that there shall not be any among the kings or like on thee." So in other words, God promised to bless him abundantly more than what he even what asked or anticipated. Um my topic tonight is redemption in three parts part two. Amen. Hallelujah. So that's going to be my um my topic. We're going to continue. And before I continue um I'm just going to read a little bit here because we know that redemption is buying back. And what is God buying us back from? All too because he shed his blood on Calvary to pay what? The price of our sins. And when he died, he brought us back. He brought us back to where? He brought us back to our original inheritance to how first Adam was to bring us back to that stage. That's why God has bought us for I'm going to read this and I'm going to base it my thing on that. Um in the the bridge between the seven church ages and the seven seals paragraph 97 to maybe 100 but I'm going to cut it off here and there. Now, okay, I think Okay, now when a man has been redeemed, he don't care anymore for scholarship. He don't care for any more of the things of the world, the wisdom of the world. He don't mind, he don't want no choice at all. Christ has been his choice and that is all of it. He is what? Redeemed. He just no more wants to lead himself. He don't want anybody talk him into where to go and what to do. He just wait and finds out the choice of his maker. See, then he goes in the name of the maker when the maker tells him to go. Okay. I think um and verse 99. Now when Adam sinned by heeding his wife reasoning instead of holding to God's word, that's what made Adam sin. His wife reason with Satan and then produce a product to Adam and Adam then lose the word and sold what? He sold us out. But then he lost also his inheritance when he lost his fellowship and right to life. Remember the day you eat thereof that day you die. And when he lost his life, he also lost his inheritance in life because he had completely supreme control of the earth. He was God of the earth. God is the God of the universe everywhere. But his son had this earth under his own control. What really strike me was here. Adam could speak, he could name, he could say, he he could stop nature, he could do anything he wanted to do. See, but when he did that, he lost his inheritance. In other words, the first Adam when he was in the garden, he have control over everything, all of inheritance. You can say this tree move over here, the tree will move. Whatever Adam said, it come to pass. And somewhere Abraham said that when Adam gave the names of the animals and all the trees, he he named everything, God was happy with Adam. Why? Because he was thinking God's thoughts. So when the fall happened, Adam lost all those inheritance. And because as sons and daughters of God, we are all in Adam, we also lost every inheritance. So when we came back because of the fall, we have we are dying. It came with sickness, gray hair, every headache, every problem came because of the fall. And there was no one worthy to bring us back to that. I could imagine Adam in the garden after he lost access the tree of life. He realized I can't have those things anymore. How sad he going to be that before I know I can say this happened, that happened, that happened. Now I've lost all this. So because we are in Adam, we all lost that because we came through um sex not through that spoken word. We all came in s we were born in sinship iniquity and we all just trapped in this thing and there was no one worthy to bring us back to that stage. And when the cry went out, there was no one but God himself, he left his throne above and came and died and bring us back to himself. And it was not easy for him to go onto the cross because him is a creator of the whole universe. He came and humbled himself even to be born in a manger. And if you read the scriptures on in that the garden of Gethsemane, the Bible said that he prayed and prayed until his sweat became what? Like blood. Because he saw what he has to go through. He saw the scarlet they're going to put on his head. He saw they're going to make him naked. He saw the bruise he's going to receive. He saw all this everything that was going to go that going to happen to him. He saw everything and he said if it were if it be possible let this cup pass over me. But he said not my will let thy will be done. And Abraham said, the angels came and they ministered unto him and he went to face that death. So what I'm trying to say that he that created the whole universe when he was facing that situation, the Bible said he prayed earnestly. And if he has to prayed earnestly, how much about you and me? We need to pray sincerely. And our prayer life is what give us victory as Christians. I know that we prayed every day as we walk is constant with this. But when a situation happens, when there's a desperation, you need to pray earnestly. And the scripture said Elijah was a man subject to like passion like you and me. And he prayed earnestly that it should not rain for three days and rain stop. He prayed and rain came. He was a man subject to like passion like so it means that he made mistake. Elijah has a temper problem. But God was not looking to that. He was looking at the sincerity of his heart. He was looking at how he sincerely cried to him. And if God could do that to him before that blood was shed, what about present tense? He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I believe when the need arise, God will speak your needs into existence. Amen. It's not something that you going to make up. It's not something that you going to say I'm doing this or I'm doing that. But just be simple and live a simple Christian life and God will bless you. Amen. And that Adamic nature. I believe that Moses exercise that when he was in a situation that's why I'm saying that we don't make anything up when you are faced in a situation and that need arise God will speak for you to move forward because when Moses and the children of Israel was in the same situation they saw the Pharaoh army came in coming They saw in front of them the Red Sea and they were trapped in the middle. They know which way to turn and they cried unto God and they began to accuse Moses. And the prophet Moses asked God, "What shall I do? What will you have me to do?" He began to cry. And the scripture said, "Why cry? Speak and go forward." Amen. And he spoke. And the Red Sea departed and they passed straight. Amen. Who can part the Red Sea? Only God can do that. And that God was in Moses. So when the situation arise and Moses spoke, God came to pass. God stepped in and part the Red Sea for them to go. It wasn't Moses who said, "I'm going to speak for the Red Sea to go." God told him to speak. So what I'm trying to say that we don't make any chemics out of anything just depend on God. As Solomon said that I'm depending on you. I don't know how to rule my people. I don't know how to do even anything. He rely on Christ. And when the need arose, he showed up. And Joshua exact same thing. when he has a need and he need a son to stand still so that he can finish his battle. When that need came, he told the son to stand still and the son obey him. Why? He was exercising the same power that the first Adam has before. Because Adam could say, "Son, stand still." Adam could say this move, this move, everything obey him because he was control over the earth. And you now am aure God, son and daughter of God, a little God, you have control over this universe that the scripture said that speak to this mountain. If you speak to this mountain and do not doubt in your heart, but believe that what you have said to come to pass, you shall have what you say. Not I say, not the pastor say, not any deacon say, but you shall have what you say. That same God is here tonight. If you can believe, all things are possible. Don't doubt in your heart. Believe God and he will bring it to pass because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. God never changes. Amen. And who are you? Let's give God thanks for sending us a vindicated prophet. William Maron Braham. Amen. He that God used him as a was wave shift for us. We know the first worship the Lord Jesus Christ himself but for the bride of Christ. God used him as an example for us to see how God could use a man dedicated to him. And as Desimon let us listen to the tape the last time when he was in a situation. It all comes when the need arise. We don't run ahead of ourselves. We just be simple and lead a simple Christian life and when the need arise, God will step in. Amen. As we heard from last Wednesday and there was a blazer, thunder, everything that was kept them for so long. And God said, "Go and face that blazer." and he faced it and he spoke and everything. Who did that? It's God that did that through him. And that same God is here tonight. If thou canst believe, all things are possible. He didn't even he didn't show it only in the prophet to leave it back there in 1963 or 65 when he left on the scene. That same God is here tonight. Amen. He can use you if you dedicate yourself to him. When a situation arise, he will show up. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He never changes. Amen. I remember I spoke this over and over again. I have a little example of this in a small way. When one time I was going to I was going to work in Lawrence and Lawrence and Bes for a Jewish guy and this Jewish customer did not tell his supervisor that I'll be around. So the supervisor didn't know that I was coming. So he made arrangement for the kitchen guys to work in that facility. So when I went there around 7:00, I get up like 5, get to work like 7 and the size person said, "Philip, you can't work over here. We have to go back tomorrow." I said, "No, I'm here. I got to work. I can't I can't drive all the way and go back." I said, "Okay, let give me a small portion when those kitchen guys I'll park and go home." And he said that those guys always on time, they will show up. So I began to work for like couple of hours and something supernaturally came over me. I can't explain but something came on me and I told the guy those guys are not coming. He said are you serious? I've worked with the guys for 10 15 years. They always on time they will show up. And then something began to play with my mind said the way you have said it boldly. If those guys comes what are you going to say? And then a thought spoke and said when God said let there be light he believed and light came. Amen. And immediately I heard that voice I kept coming. I said yes I believe. And could you believe like 12 or 2:00 12:00 guy came to me asked me Phil you think the guys will come I said I don't know he said you are more powerful than you think why I am not powerful but the god in me is a powerful god and believe me and you those guys did not show up on that day but the guy was so stubborn he was bugging me to work late finish the And something spoke against that the way the guy is bogging you tomorrow the guys will not show up again. Truly the following day when they never show up. They never show up until I finish what I wanted to do. So he's the same yesterday, today and forever. When the need arise, he will let he will step in and spoke. And what really h excite me is that this voice said God when God said let there be light. He believed and light came. So when we speak let's believe and it will come to pass. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. God has never changed. Amen. So back to my word. When he went on Calvary and shed his blood, he said what? It is finished. Wow. When he said it's finished, it means it is Spanish. Pito that's what Italian will say on Calv that day when he was there he said it is Spanish. When he said is finished, it is Spanish. And when he was there before he said it was finished, when the scarlet was on his head, he looked to the crowd. But whilst he was looking upon the crowd, his eyes was on on you and me. He lost. He looked beyond the time and saw you and me. You were on his mind on that day. I was on his mind on that night. On that day, he looked beyond time and saw you and me. While he was going through all that, even though the scarlet robe was on his head and everything, he look even though his eyes was on the crowd on that day, but he looked beyond the time Joshua and you were in his mind. I was in his mind on that time because it's the same yesterday, today, and forever. We are attributes of God. Amen. So he came to go through all that what to save us and to bring us back to himself to bring us back to the first Adam condition so that ye have authority over this earth. Amen. God is the God of the whole universe. But on earth he gave us the authority. In my name you shall cast out devils. You lay your hands on the sick and they shall recover. Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said nothing can stand before you. If you believe me. Amen. No demons, no said even no cancer can stand before the prophet God ministry. And that same God is here. Amen. He's the same yesterday to them forever. God took his prophet. He never took his spirit. That same spirit is here tonight. Amen. if thou can believe because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is on time God. Amen. Praise our God. So what am I saying? Let me just read this to cap it up with a it's finished on Calvary. Amen. in why it had to be shepherd. When the great shepherd was smitten, the great shepherd prophet when he was meeting back there, he said, "It is finished." And that minute, oh man, as soon as this shepherd was smitten, it was over. Sin is settled. There was no more sin. They were clean. The penalty was paid. The believers whose name were written in the book of life predestinated from the foundation of the world. It was finished the very minute that Jesus said it was finished. He that great shepherd had come for his sheep. It was finished. God's right hand was pulled from his bosom smitten. Then on Easter he returned raised up again to his bosom and extended it down to you and I in the form of what? Of his word to redeem as what? Back to the original garden. Oh man. As if I know this. I didn't even notice that. What? He redeem us back to what? The original garden from which sin took us from? That's why he redeem us back to see this. Wow. The hidden secret of his great heart was revealed by a prophet shepherd. It was read by what? A prophet shepherd. So he redeem us back to the original garden from where sin took us from. Oh man, that's redemption in three parts. God has redeemed our soul. When he died on Calvary, it is finished. Your sickness, everything, everything you have need of, he paid for it on Calvary. When he said it's finished is finished. You don't go back again. God has done it once and for all. As Brian Tony said one time, he shed his blood once and for all. Not like in the back when they have to kill the lamb over and over again. Every year they have to go and kill it. But he died once. When he died once, it was what? Finish. All your sins, everything that you have need of, it was taken care of. So he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Everything is finished. Amen. And when that event took place, he divide himself. His blood was shed. The Holy Ghost was given. And on day of Pentecost, he began to multiply himself. And what God did was that um after the dark ages he resurrected the word back through justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. But now we are move past that baptism of the Holy Ghost where the gift and everything operate through the people. Now as one time his daughter said, "I want daddy." He said, "I'm going to buy you a milk. I'm going to buy you toys. I don't want the toy. I want daddy. So what the true bride of Christ is looking for. What we always need or what we have is God himself. The Holy Ghost, the person of Christ himself is past baptism of the Holy Ghost to the Holy Ghost himself, which is God himself in the bride of Christ. That's the age that we are in now. because it's no more you. The bride and the the the the bride and the the bride and Christ it has to be because a woman and a husband becomes what? One. They become one. And that so does a bride and Christ become one. And remember this format is for this form of have I wrote to you that Jesus begin to do and continues to do. His dad didn't stop him. No sir. Okay. The ministry of the bride and the ministry of Christ is what is the same. So the same God is in you and in me and is having the bright ministry now. So you are the one that God lives in. You are the feet that God used to. You are the one that God is speaking through. There's no one. You are the one that you are privileged for ordained, predestinated to hear the voice of God and to what? manifest it in this time. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And remember, everyone that follow the Lord Jesus, they take up their cross and follow him. Christianity is not a flurry bed of ease. There's a cost for you and me to pay. It's not a flurry bed of ease. sometimes can cost your family, can cost you everything. And it's God trying your faith to see how you stand by his word. Amen. Remember that Solomon for him to what? ize his gift that God has given to him through that there was when after God visited him and told him I'll give you this wisdom through that two harots one of them their child died you think that child died for just for dying sake that death has a purpose because that child has to die so that they can see and they will bring that problem to Solomon to solve so that they can see the wisdom that God has given to you Solomon to come to what manifestation. So when that child died then the other woman stole the child and said it's mine. Is that right? So when the situation went to Solomon because God has given him that wisdom a chapter before that when that situation arise God gave him wisdom and told them that he's going to cut the child into two pieces divide them into two and the one that the child belongs to her said no don't kill it don't kill the child sorry and then he realized that that is her child the other one wanted him to kill the child so that both of them will what lose lose it. So what I'm trying to say that everything that comes to our life has a purpose. There's a reason for you to go through the things you go through. There's a reason even for death to come to you because to come to your life to for family want to die for this to happen for this sickness for that to happen. There's a purpose for everything and through that through death comes life. Amen. So whatever comes to your life as a son or daughter of God, he said the steps of righteous are what? Ordered of God. So God orders your footsteps. So certain things it seems to be dark but God knows what he's doing. That woman child has to die for the people to see the wisdom that God has given to Solomon. And they said that Bible said from that time the whole world at that time they all feared Solomon because of how much wisdom God gave him to discern the situation. And that same God is here tonight to give you the same wisdom, the same revelation to discern situation that arise in your life because he's the same God and he has never changed. If he gave that wisdom to Solomon, he'll give you revelation, give you the same thing. But you have to desire for it first because Solomon did not ask for riches. He don't ask for anything. He wanted wisdom. So it's a true believer. You want more of revelation, more of God himself. The more you surrender, the more you see him, the more he will take care of you. He said that consider the liies. They do not toil or strain but they are sped by their master. God takes care of them. He will take care of you and me no matter what we going through. So everything comes for a purpose and has for a reason. So back to what I'm saying that when Jesus Christ went through like that on Calvary go through all that he went through those disciples who follow him. Every one of them gave up their life for this Holy Ghost gospel. Peter was crucified with his head down. Paul was killed. Philip they died in um in in India. Thomas died in India. They all of them gave their life for this Holy Ghost gospel. And you and I are not going to find it easy. It's not a flurry bed of easy. But he will see us through. Our promise is not like them who died. You are eagles. We're going to go up and meet the Lord in the air. But before you go, there has to be a squeeze. Come into full manifestation. You're going to be squeezed and whatever you are made up of will show. When the thing reach its final stage, it's in process. Economic hardship, political hardship, everything and religious hardship. It's all coming. the well councel of churches coming into manifestation with this hope on the scene to bring all those well counselor of churches back and war to do what they have to do. But remember when they said peace, peace, peace, sudden destruction comes. There will never be peace on this earth until the prince of peace himself is here. The Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. He's the one that going to bring peace. But every one of them they go through their lot. It was not easy. And last Friday this scripture came to me very strong. I'm going to read it anyway and then we talk about it about um in Mark chapter 2 verse 1-12. And it says, "And again he entered into capernium after some days, and it was noise that he was in the house. And straight away many were gathered together in so much that there was no room to receive them. No, not so much as about the door." And he preached the word onto them. And they come into bringing one sick of the pulsy which was born of four. And when they could not come near unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was. And when they had broken up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the person lay. What I'm trying to exercise is that those people do not care how much is going to cause them to repair the roof. It caused them the roof. It caused them the everything. But the salvation, the healing of their friend or of that man was so vital to them that they not care how much going to cost them. So is a true Christian. We don't have to worry or care how much going to cost you to receive this word of God. It's life and death. Between liberty and bondage, between life and death. Amen. Amen. Solomon, oh sorry, Jacob, he wrestled with the angel until he was blessed. He never let that angel go. It became life and death to him. He he cherished that birth right. He doesn't care his mistake. He didn't care how rascal or how his life was, but he cherished that. He cherished that birthright. He did everything to receive it. And you must have the token. Without the token, you cannot make it. And that token is your fair. You got to make sure that you have it. Amen. Because that's only way that will see you through. Amen. And it's all based on the predestination. It's based on the seed. Amen. the highlight Rahab, he applied the token to her whole household. But I believe before that thing happened, people might be sniffing their nose on her that oh this harot girl, what is she made up of? But outside looks so bad, but inside was the seed of God. Amen. When the situation came, she was able to what may show what she was made up of. So it's not so much of the outside, it's how much God is in you. It depends because he came only for his predestinated seat. And if you are part of him, nothing can stop you from seeing this because he's the same yesterday, today. I'm sorry, I'm just all over the place, but just forgive me. I'm just trusting God. Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. God has never changed. Hallelujah. So redemption is in three parts. Is the redeeming of the soul, body, and spirit. Amen. But some Christians have just emphasized only on the what? The soul part. But God is God that also what give extras. He gave those things that you are not even asked for. He said I will do exceedingly and abundantly more than what you can even what think or imagine. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. And when Solomon When King Solomon asked him, when King Solomon asked him for the wisdom, Bible said over here, "And God said unto him, because thou has asked this thing, and has not asked for thyself for long life, neither hast asked for riches for thyself, nor has asked for life of thy enemies, but have asked for thyself understand the judgment. Behold, I have done according to thy words. I've given thee a wise and understanding heart, so that there was none like thee before thee. And I have also given thee that which thou has not asked, both riches and honor, so that there shall not be any among the kings like une. He said, "I will give you what you have not asked for." So what I'm trying to express tonight that our God is able to do abundantly, exceedingly more than what you can even think of or imagine. Don't underestimate God. Don't underestimate the power of God that dwells inside you as a son or daughter of God. When you live that clean Christian life, when demons see you, they come to they they scattered. They don't want to have nothing to do with you. Greater is he that is in you than he that's in the world. Greater is God who is in you tonight than any problem you are facing. Than any sickness you are going through. That sickness cannot stand before you. If thou can believe all things are possible. Even if you having financial problems, God is greater than that financial problem. He's Jehovah Gyra. He promised I'll provide all your needs. The same God that spoke Abraham needs into existence. Amen. When Abraham needed a a ram and there was no hope anywhere. His son, imagine the very son, he has believed God for for 25 years. He was asked to sacrifice the very son. God tried him. And if you're a seed or daughter of Abraham, you're going to go through trials. You're not going to have it easy. But you have to stand on the word of God. And Abraham stood by the word of God. And even before he took his son and put him on that, the faith in him was so great. He told his servants that you wait for me in the lad are going to worship and you come back. How did he know that he's going to come back? That very time that God told him to go and sacrifice. His confidence was in God was so much and he believed that God gave that son to him as someone who was important to give child to give birth to a child and if God could give him a child at that age even if he killed that son God is able to what raise him up. Amen. So is you and me. The same God that gave you salvation of your soul. If God is able to give you the salvation of your soul and has redeemed you to himself, what else can he do for you? He's able to do everything. The greatest thing of all that the whole world need is the salvation of your soul. And God has given it to you. And if he has given you that that should be the most you should be the most happiest people on the face of earth because death has no power over you because when Jesus Christ died he defeated heaven hell and grave they under your feet that's why Paul said death where is your sin grave where is your victory God is here tonight amen Amen. So he spoke. Abraham knew into existence. When the time came, Abraham was so faithful to God. Oh man, if you're a son or daughter of God, God wants that same faithfulness. That same faithfulness required from all of us. He was so faithful that he was willing to cut his side into pieces. He was so faithful to kill his only son. He took the knife like that and that voice said, "Abraham, I've realized that you love me. Hold on your um" And then a lamp cries somewhere there. He took him to sacrifice that instead. That's how faithful Abraham was. And if we are sons and daughters of God, we got to be faithful in everything that comes our way because God is able to take care of us. He will never leave us nor forsake us. He's on time. God, he may not come when you want him to be, but he'll be there right on time. Amen. Hallelujah. That token is here. When the prophet of God, when that se were revealed in 1963, everything that we have need of is done. Everything was complete. That third was released. The third is a revealing of the seven seals. The things that Paul and the rest were looking into, God made it available for you and me. Amen. So we got to be faithful. We got to trust God when you can't see it our way through because our God is on time God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He will never leave you nor forsake you. Amen. That God is real God. He is the same God. The God that could oh man when the children of Israel when they didn't have food to eat, he sent a mana. Amen. And that mana, you couldn't keep it for the next day. Wow. You have to eat it fresh. It's a fresh skill. And in this age, God is providing our mana every day. Amen. the word of God for today present stage of his ministry and we are eagles and being eagles we eat fresh food fresh kill amen we can't eat on those contaminated food it's not like hulk you see hulk can go so far but to a certain stage you can't go more than that but eagle he has the eagle eye go through all the stuff amen Amen. Oh my brother Desmond said, God told a prophet to face the storm. And eagles always face the storm. They don't run away from the storm. They go right into it. Amen. So I encourage you tonight, don't run away from your problems. Don't try to hide from the problems. Don't try to try. Don't hide when situation arise that looks so hard. Just go through it. Just face it. Face that devil. Face the enemy. He's under your feet. He's just a bluff. You know what bullies does? They try to bully you. If they bully you and you come down like them, they become happy. But when they bully and you bully them back, they run away. Amen. Sick boy. Hallelujah. No wonder. When the devil home said when he said boo, he was boo. He said boo back to him with the Bible and he become what? Lilo. Amen. Hallelujah. Golat was boasting but he boasted on the wrong time at the right wrong at the right wrong person. Amen. David was just a beauty kitty like that. Amen. Very skin doesn't have nothing. But what he has in him was God of the universe. Amen. He had gold in his skin hiding his heart. Amen. That's what golad forget. And he said that you you come against me in the name of your face God. The face that God created. That's what golad had confidence in. But he said you come against me in the name of your face God. But I come against you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Today I'll take your head off. Amen. and you think like that five and boom that giant was down. So every problem every giant you facing tonight or those online wherever you are whatever giant you facing in the name of Jesus that giant has to crumble. Amen. Nothing can stand before you. Amen. In the name of Jesus receive your desires. Whatever you have you know receive it tonight. Don't leave here in the same way you came. Jesus Christ is here. He's here tonight. If thou kind believe, all things are possible to them that believe. He's here to answer your needs. He's here to live in you. He's here to provide you. He's here to give you anything you have need of. Whatever you need, salvation, healing, money, whatever, don't be scared. Ask abundantly. So that your joy may become full. Amen. So that your joy may become full. Because one time became so clear to me that the same faith that you can use to pray when you get a headache for that heading ghost. That same faith when you facing a big giant cancer whatever that sickness is. If you have confidence for God to heal you from uh headache when any big sickness whatever happen that same God will bring you out. So there's nothing like a small sin or a big sin. So there's no small thing or when you have confidence for the little thing that same confidence you have to have for the big things. Don't let anything scare you because greater is he that is in you than he that's in the world. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. That's all I have for tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's have a little word of prayer. Oh, how gracious eternal God and I've just spoke what's in my heart. Your children I might is all scrambles over here. But father you know what the people need. I pray tonight that those online, those are here, whatever they have need of father, may you give them the desires of their heart as you gave to Abraham, you promise you give us the desires of their heart. So I pray that your grace will be extended and they will receive everything they have need of in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] He's an on time God. Yes, he is. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. He may not come when you want him to, but he'll be right. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Just us the children of Israel. I to see I not me eyes be water all around me and f and but out of nowhere stepped in and put a highway just like that. Oh, he's on time. Yes, he is. He's an on time God. Yes. Yes. He may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there. He's an on time God. He is. You can ask 5,000 hungry souls he fed on the banks of the river with two fishes and five loaves of bread. What a miracle he perform on that multitude of what he did with my can do and you go. Yes, he is. Yes, he's an on time girl. Yes, he [Music] is. He may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time. And when the redee wash thy soul and free from all sin. Oh I will shout and I will sing when the [Applause] redee. I am taken at the rapture in our blessed open heavenly that see in the sky and the redeemed are gathering. Oh, I gather it in. Wash my soul and free from all s. [Music] There will be a great procession over on the streets of gold. I gather. Oh, what music? Oh, what singing on a CD with you when I got ready. Oh, and the redee wash my soul free on the wind shall sing and the [Music] redee saints will sing redemption story with their voices and strong when you redee I gather and the angels will listen for can I join myself and redee oh and [Music] redee from all sin I will shout. I will [Music] sing one more [Music] time. I gather it. Wash my soul and free all sin. How we will shout. How we will sing when the redeemer. Thank God for his redemption blood. Amen. Hallelujah. How many enjoy that tonight? Amen. The redemption three parts. Amen. We really appreciate brother Phil tonight. Amen. You already dismissed. Amen. Hallelujah. I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I am redeemed by the blood of save and sanctify. I am all my sins are. I am redeemed. I am redeemed. By the blood of the lamb I am I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. See my sanctifile my s and that's not all and that's not all. is and that's not all side and that's not all. up into the river and baptize on my soul. [Music] Heat.
