################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - Understanding Your Existence (Under Authority - Part 2) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli - Danny Mazzilli.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    Understanding Your Existence (Under Authority - Part 2) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Speaker:  Danny Mazzilli
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GPkIMCtPZA
========================================

Description:
Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I know for the Bible tells me so little on him below We are we so yes. You believe that this morning? Oh yes. He loves me. Jesus loves me the [Music] Jesus loves me. Jesus loves me. Heaven's gates, heaven gates to open wide and he will show away my sins that is lit. Yes, Jesus. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Oh, yes. Jesus. The Bible tells me. The Bible tells me so. Oh, Jesus loves me. Loves me still. I'm weak. and promise shining true. Come to watch me come to watch me when I don't know Jesus. Yes, Jesus. [Music] Oh yes. Jesus loves me the tells me so. Oh Jesus loves me. Will stay close beside me all the way. I love him when I he will take me home on high. Oh yes, Jesus. Oh yes, Jesus loves me. He loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me one more time. The Bible tells me, "Yes, Jesus loves me." Yes, Jesus loves me. Oh, yes. [Music] He loves me. Yes. Jesus loves me. Oh, the Bible tells me so. Isn't that a beautiful thing? Isn't that a beautiful thing this morning? Hallelujah. The same God that loves us lives inside of us this morning. Amen. Welcome into the house of the Lord. We're here to worship our great king, our great savior. Amen. Bible say he's the beginning and the end, the alpha and omega. He's the creator of everything. We should be a happy people this morning because this God is living inside of us this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. I worship you. Let's stand this morning. I worship you. [Music] The reason I [Music] is [Music] I will you. I [Music] worship you. I look I look into your holiness when I upon your love [Music] and all things that surrounds become shadows in the light of you. [Music] When I found the joy of preaching your heart, when my will becomes ingrown in your love, when all things pass around become shadows in the light of you. Oh, I worship you. I worship you Lord. The reason I live is to worship you and only you worship you. I worship you. Your reason I name is to worship. I worship you. Oh, oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. You're the reason I live is to worship you. Only you. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] The reason I live is to worship you. You're the reason I live. You're the reason I live to worship you. [Applause] Who is like you, Lord? And on the earth, matches love and beauty in this world. And nothing in this world can satisfy Jesus. You have one run. [Music] Your praise is heaven to me. [Music] Your is [Music] treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness, you are merciful. Redeemer of my past, my present wrong. The future of my future holds to come. Your presence is to me. Oh, your praise. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus, your presence is heaven to me. Oh, Jesus, your presence is heaven to me. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Your presence is heaven. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Next verse. Your presence is heaven to me. All the days on earth I will await. The moment that I see you face to face, nothing in this world can satisfy. [Music] Jesus, you the cup that will run dry. your presence [Music] to me. Your presence is heaven to me. Your presence is heaven. Your presence is heaven. [Music] Your presence is heaven to me. Hallelujah. We need his presence not only on Sunday mornings but every day of our lives. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you happy to be in his house this morning? Are you here to give him praise? Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] In your presence, that's where I'm strong. In your presence, oh my God, in your presence, God's been strong, seeking your face, touching your grace in the gl of the rock. I am strong in your presence. In your presence. In your presence. That's where I'm strong. In your presence, [Music] Lord, my in your presence. Number 5th. That's where I belong. Seeking your face. Touching your grace. In the depth of the rock. I belong where I am. In your presence, oh God. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Oh gracious eternal God and in your presence that's where we are strong in your presence that's where everything happens without being your presence we can't achieve anything so we ask you this afternoon to help us get into your presence because without your presence dwelt in us already as David said that there's one thing that I've desired that's to dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my house that prophet spend us in your presence. Oh God, we pray that you take absolute control over the entire service. May you continue to bless our pases. Bring forth the word in power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. May you take him aside. Use him Lord as never been before. May you bless the songs of Zion and oh God and use Brian Anthony. Let the people sing from the depth of their heart, Lord, that we bring your presence so that everything will go on according to your perfect will. Father, I pray that anyone that's sick among us, may your holy ghost go and touch their bodies and heal all their God. You said that I am the Lord God that health all your disease. Father, you are God that never fails. You keep your word. You keep your promise. You are all time God. We expect you to come because you promise that you'll be here before you even get here. And father, we are here with one purpose to worship the true living God with all our heart, with all our mind, with all our strength. Because he said the true Hos, we worship you in truth and in spirit. And we are privileged. We thank you, Lord, for everything that you've done for us. Father, may you bless the um bless the bless the offering. Bless the ushers, bless the deacons, bless every aspect of the service. Oh God, we pray for the visitors among us. May you speak to their heart and bless them that they won't come, they won't leave here the same way they came. Is something spoken to help them. Oh God, we need you more than ever been before because you have come to that place that you are resting on the promises of God. May you come Lord and bless us. Thank you and we love you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's turn around and greet someone this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Come brother Bill. [Music] He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole world in his sense. He's got the whole world in his sense. He's got the you and me in his sense. He's got the you and me, sister. He's got the you and me, brother. In his sense, he's got the He's got the whole He's got the whole world. In his sense, he's got the whole world. He's got the whole world. [Music] Oh, he's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the He's got the whole [Music] He's got the He's got you. He's got the you and me, brother, in his hand. He's got the you and me, sister. He's got the you and me, brother, in his hands. He's got the whole He's got the whole He's got the whole You may be seated. In his hands. He got the whole world. He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole Hallelujah. You may be seated this morning. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord that the Lord has made. I will [Music] be glad this morning I will rejoice and be glad. This is the day. This is the day I This is the day. [Music] This is the day that the Lord has [Music] This is the day I will rejoice and be glad. This is the day. This is the day. [Music] I just feel like something good. I just feel like something good. My eyes open [Music] my brother. It can be the same any day. Oh, when people call on Jesus and they look to heaven expecting us to pray. I just feel like something good is about to happen. I woke up this morning. Oh, I knew that the Lord would bring me up. Yes. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus is my you today. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost this morning. The Holy Ghost. Oh, the Holy Ghost. [Music] [Music] And every prophet in the book is and every chapter, every verse, every line. I trusting in this book. Every promise in the world. Every promise. Every prophet. Every promise. Every chapter. Every vers. Every [Music] word. Every promise. Every [Music] chapter, every verse. Oh, I trusted in his word. Oh, here's one of the promises. Oh, here's one of the promises. I'll fly away. Oh, I fly away. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Sh. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Give him praise. Hallelujah. One of these good days. Amen. What a promise. Amen. What a promise. Amen. Hallelujah. Let me see. Hallelujah. Whatever you're going through this morning, [Music] Jesus paid it all. [Music] all to help me somebody [Music] [Applause] [Music] to him my s and left the Christmas he I hear I hear the singing [Music] finding me. Oh Jesus. Jesus be [Music] singing white. [Music] For now in thee I find my [Music] chos [Music] to be I s [Music] my [Music] wash my garments. [Music] Jesus made it all through my own sed [Music] for your tr I complete Jesus I sle Hallelujah. My sh [Music] has left. say [Music] he was. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] For you are all you are. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Hallelujah. You're worthy love [Music] for you are all for you. [Music] You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You chose to forive. You deserve the glory. [Music] Glory to God. Amen. Welcome into the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. It's good to be here. God bless you saints. Thank you musicians. Thank you song leader for the wonderful songs of Zion. Amen. How many came to worship the Lord this morning? There's different ways of worshiping the Lord. You can worship the Lord while you're at work. You can worship the Lord while you're working out. You can worship the Lord when you're uh reading, when you're studying, when you're at school. Whatever you're doing, you can worship the Lord at any time. But when you come into the house of the Lord, this is a different kind of worship. Amen. This is a kind of worship that changes lives. Amen. It allows you to be transformed by the word. Amen. And so this morning we're under great expect. Amen. Praise God. Yes. Glory. Amen. Sorry for the technical issues this morning. We don't want to keep you standing too long. Uh you may be seated for a minute while we um just make a few comments and thank the Lord for his goodness. Amen. I want to thank God for um for the air conditioning. Amen. If you were here if you were here on uh on Wednesday night, you know exactly how it kind of felt in here. And if you if you were really still, then you were fine. But if you started to get a little too zealous for the Lord, you would you'd be sweating. So, um, we want to thank God because it's been a battle. I'll tell you, it's been a battle to get technicians. It's been a battle. But, uh, Brother Alvin had to go into supernatural sunship mode. Amen. And when you do that, when you when you just when you just say, "Well, you know, all I said to him, I said, "Brother, we need air conditioning on Sunday. That's all I know." And so, God is going to make a way. Just make yourself available and watch him do it. And God came on the scene and started inspiring our brother. and uh you know he was able to get the parts, couldn't get the people to come out. Then certain people were pricing the you know the parts for us at um I'm going to say eight times what we paid thousands of dollars. It was ridiculous. But anyways, God is good. Amen. God is good. God knows exactly what we have need of in the body right here in the local body. And he has placed individuals that have recognized that if they just get into their position, God takes control. God supernaturally will make a way in every aspect of that position. Amen. It puts them in a position of authority. This is what we're going to continue on uh talking about here today. And so I want to thank God for that. Um, God bless all of those that um that are, you know, taking the time to be here to help to do the little parts that they do in the house of the Lord, the cleaning. We need more cleaners. We need more cleaners. I believe there's anointed sons and daughters of God that are that want to be blessed. I don't know if you you know you understand, but when you get into a position in the body of Christ and you do it with with a pure heart, get ready. You're going to get blessed. It's as simple as that. I don't care what anybody else says. Get just get into that position and watch and see if you don't get the courage, the confidence, the blessing, the anointing that comes with it. And all of a sudden, you start to see other things in your life coming together. And you understand, you don't why? Whoa. This I've been dealing with this thing for so long. I didn't do anything different. Yes, you did. You got into your position. And when you're in your position, God pours out his blessings because that's the way the body works. There's a supernatural element to the body of Christ. Amen. And so, we want to thank God. Uh I want to thank God for the service on Wednesday night. If you haven't had a chance to listen in, brother Tombbe, Emmanuel Tombbe ministered on um you know, God's, you know, valley of decision, you know, the the Lord honing the the body and and allowing individuals that, you know, to to realize that, hey, if you're not going to step up, God is going to God, you just go back and read the scriptures. Listen to what he was saying and the scriptures that he read. God says, no, send them away. I don't need them. I need those those that I know are are are recognizing their position, realizing that they've got a life that they're walking with God. They've got a prayer life. They've got a a a they've got an understanding of their position and that God is with them. Amen. Because that's the position in this hour you need to know God is with you. Otherwise, you're in a position and you're just playing church. There's a difference. one by revelation and one by works. We're not looking for works. I don't want to hear all the things that you can do. I want to see them. I want to see God says, "I want you to I want you to get into your position, activate yourself, and do things for the glory of God." And then you watch God come on the scene. Amen. Glory to God. So, I really appreciated that message. I think it everybody needs to listen in on that. And uh God says, "I'll fight for you." That's what he told him. He says he he honed it down from was it 35 or 32,000 uh soldiers all the way down to 300 and something and and he they went up against a mighty army and God said don't worry I will fight that battle for you. When you come into that understanding and you're in a battle, you understand that God is going to fight that battle for you. You could face anything. Amen. That's the courage that David had when he faced Goliath. Glory to God. I want to remind the young people about the upcoming meetings in July at Grace Tabernacle with Pastor Alistister Francis. I encourage every single one of you if you can make those meetings be there. Go. You're going to get blessed. I'm telling you right now. I I'm I believe it will. I'm going to be there. Okay? So, if you can be there, be there. Make a way. Take off that day. If you know you got to work that weekend or something, arrange for it now so that you can be there. I believe God is going to do something really special for our young people in these meetings. We've got our upcoming meetings that are coming in September. Okay? We want to start praying for those uh supporting them uh you know, keep it uh sharing you know what God is doing and how God is going to bless our young people's um fall meetings. Amen. Praise God. So, let's get into action, saints. This is the final stages of what God is doing. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Let's all rise up. Let's rise up for the Lord this morning. We're going to go to um to our scripture. Um we're going to be uh Go ahead, put up the um put up the first slide there. I'm glad that you're here. We're glad that you're here. Anybody got the PowerPoint up there? Praise God. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Things are coming together. I'm telling you, there's a lot of change that's going to come in this ministry. There's going to be you're going to see I'm talking naturally, okay? There's going to be a lot of natural change that you're going to start to see uh with the sanctuary being changed, our audio, our visual system being upgraded to the top of the line stuff. I'm talking top of the line. Amen. Praise God. God's already made it very clear that it's going to happen. All we need to do is say, "Thank you, Lord." And let it all unfold in his time and season. Amen. So, all these things we're going to we're going to we're going to strengthen. We're going to fortify our audio team with the best that God can offer. Amen. And um we're going to enhance these things for the glory of God. Amen. Because we're not this is God's business. This is this is the father's business and we must be about the father's business. Amen. Let's go to um our next slide. So, we're going to continue. We started um a couple weeks ago, we ministered on being under authority places you in authority. And we talked about a father's authority and how this is God's provided way for the body of Christ. And as I was studying this and going deeper into it, all of a sudden things just started to unveil and open up. And I said, "Wow, this is a series." And I believe that it's something that that if you if you just get in with me, get into the atmosphere, let the Holy Spirit just, you know, pull pull you just pull on the word of God. Amen. Let's let God use the gifts that are amongst us. Not just me on Sunday. I believe that it was even in the service on Wednesday night. I believe that it was in the service last weekend. I believe that it's it's all the mighty angel himself. This is what we have to realize that this is God in the final stages of his ministry where he is uniting himself fully with the church, the bride. Remember, there's going to be a bride that's going to come out of the church. You can no longer exist in the church. This is the time for the bride to come out of the church. Because there's a lot of churches out there under tradition and under under legalism and under bondage, not realizing that this message is moving on. And that's why people remain in in certain conditions because they have not recognized the turning of the dispensation and the season that we are now living in. Amen. Praise God. And so let's go to our scripture. We want to look at understanding your existence. Strange title, but you're existing here. And a lot of you are living in a hell existence. a nightmare existence. You're still overcoming things that you thought, "My God, why am I still having to deal with this situation? Why is this thing not gone in my life?" Why? Because you have not fully understood your existence in the body of Christ and your purpose and what God has anointed you to perform and to fulfill in this day. There's a bride that has a ministry. She's coming into that ministry with full authority. Amen. Because she recognizes that his authority once you've come under the authority of the word for your day and for this hour, it gives you authority. And you need to enter into that and get out of this these these conditions and these these terrible mental oppressions and depression and and sickness and and and relationship issues and all kinds of situations. Amen. It's time to rise up saints and come out of those conditions. Let's read the word of God. Our first scripture is from Colossians 1:es 12 to18. Let us pray. Father, as we now go to your word, we're asking you to raise a standard in the midst here this morning. Lord, let the people settle down in their hearts and just relax in your presence. And Lord, I'm going to yield this vessel completely. I'm giving it completely over to you, Father. Take control. Speak what needs to be spoken, Lord. I know that it's going to speak right back to me, too, because I believe in the supernatural possession of the Holy Spirit in the five-fold ministry. And Lord, let your ears be upon the people to have ears to hear what they need to hear so that they can live in a in a higher realm, in a in a more victorious lifestyle and victory around themselves and in their lives and and in their their homes and in their workplaces and in whatever environment that they're in. Lord, let them walk with you and have victory in these areas. Lord, it's time for this bride to be brought on display. Lord, I truly believe it with all of my heart. Grant it. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light, who hath delivered us from the power of darkness. Hath, past tense, hath. Okay. do not stay anymore where you are. From this day on, we're moving on. Amen. And hath translated us, translated us into the kingdom of his dear son, in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sin. So, you don't need to be holding on to any sin. You're forgiven. If you've entered in, you're you're washed. You're brand new. You you you're you never done it in the first place. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory. In who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created. There's nothing that was not created that was created by him that are in heaven and that are in earth visible and invisible whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. Listen, did you hear what he said there? Whether they be thrones, dominions, principalities or powers, we fight not against flesh and blood. It's powers and he's given us dominion over all of them. Every single one of them. Amen. Invisible, visible, it doesn't matter. Whatever it is, God's given you dominion over it. Amen. Whether they be thrones, dominions, principality, all things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things and by him all things consist. everything. There's nothing that, oh, I I can do this. I'm that. I I'm I can I'm great. I'm I'm a great businessman or I'm I'm the best, you know, at doing this and that. No, no, no. That's not him. That's pride. That's that's that's the anointing of the principalities and the dominions because to recognize him in you is your hope of glory. And then you you you can't fail but to give him the glory and the praise because now you've come into his dominion, his authority, his kingdom, and everything has to come subject to him. And if you're in him, they come subject to you. Glory to God. And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church, the body, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have what? The preeminence. You may be seated. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. That he might have the preeminence. Glory. So we want to look at understanding your existence, understanding our purpose, our position. Why do we exist in this day and in this hour? There's a lot of people that that are claiming Christianity. They're claiming Christ, but yet they are living defeated lives. They are living in a condition where they don't even understand their existence. And all they want to do is they want to end their existence. here. A lot of people, oh, I just want to get out of this dimension. There's going to be a time for us to get out of this dimension. It's going to happen in the moment and in the twinkling of an eye. Amen. But let it be in God's time because he needs you right now to recognize the and understand your existence and how he needs you to be in your position so that he can fulfill his plan and his purpose because it's all for him. Everything was for him. Go to the next slide. Brother Brandham speaking here in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says, "But what he wanted to do, he loved fatherhood for he was a father." That's who God is. We're listen father is only a word. But we, you know, God uses language for us to understand so that we can communicate here as human beings while we're in these human vessels. But his way of really really communicating to the sons and daughters of God, and you're already experiencing it, is by revelation. That's your true communion and relationship and fellowship with God. It's by revelation. But he uses words. And even the word father doesn't even fathom or or even come close to what he really is. He's the self-existent one. Amen. But here and the only way that he could express it was to become a son of man. He had to take on human flesh so that he could connect with man. Connect with with with man so that man could have an understanding that God was and is a reality. He's not just something that was spoken of in the Old Testament that the children of Israel experienced when they saw the pillar of fire. No, he wanted to come and manifest himself with his people so that he could go to the next step which to which is to be in his people. And so here now he says, see that's the reason Jesus kept saying the son the son of man. You see he had to come into a human form. He had to take on a supernatural human form, but yet he was human so that he could go to the cross and fulfill his promise that if a man's sin, a man had to die. And that's why you can never even you can't even talk about the Lord until you've accepted the sacrifice, which is the Holy Ghost, giving up of the Holy Ghost to come back upon you. Without the Holy Ghost, you're not going to understand what I'm saying here today. I'm not I'm not talking about a traditional Holy Ghost. I'm talking about the Holy Ghost in this hour. Christ in the present stage of his ministry until you come into that revelation. And that's what's that that's what all the churches are missing out there. They're feeding on Jesus Christ yesterday, but they fail to recognize what he's doing today in the power of his resurrection in the in the spirit of his of the Holy Ghost. And when you receive the Holy Ghost, you receive the ability to hear the word. Not just the word that to read the letter that that can kill, but the spirit. You can hear by the spirit and receive life through the word, which gives you the ability to overcome in this age. That's why your existence, some people are living in a hellish existence. They can't get over so many things. They got broken families, broken relationships, broken finance, broken health, all kinds of situations because they're not recognizing their authority and what God requires by you accepting the word in your day. Amen. Glory to God. And so he goes on here. He says, he's talking about many of them. But now, now you get it. Congregation says, "Amen." See, he wanted to express himself. that he was his that was his one of his great threefold purposes was to express himself identify himself with human beings to reveal himself in Christ and secondly to have the preeminence in the body of believers that is his bride that he might live in people. Do you know that was his desire right from the very beginning? He was God. He was the self-existent one. And when he was when he was all by himself, he had attributes within him. And every one of those attributes was God. Every one of those attributes was God. And when he when he said, "Let us make man in our image," he was talking to himself and all of the attributes because he had a desire to have fellowship. And when one of those attributes when he said, "Let us make man." And when that took place and Adam was formed in the image of God, in Adam was male and female. Do you know the whole universe operates on positive and negative? You can't have electricity without it. You can't have you can't have magnetism without a south pole and a north pole. And you can't have, you know, water pressure without high pressure and low pressure. You can't have light without darkness. You can't have good without evil. the whole universe and everything that because of this universe. I'm talking about where we are. Listen, I'm not going to get too too heavily spiritual here on you. I know where you're at a lot of you right now. You need deliverance. I'm talking about things in this dimension right here, right now, where you can get victory over those things now. If you can just receive what God wants to give us. Amen. This is not my ideas. I didn't go all of a sudden to decide to start preaching on this. This is the Holy Spirit wanting to set us free to deliver us from the situations that we're under. Amen. And I believe that if we just surrender to it, God will do it. We're going to have praise reports. We're going to have victory reports coming right out of this place. Amen. Because he wants to live. He wants to have the preeminence. Amen. Praise God. And so in Proverbs, go to the next slide. In Proverbs uh 29:2, he says, "When we read this last time, we we ministers, when the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice." And and and and look, but when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn. Well, let me tell you who the wicked are. It's not your brother or your sister. It's not your boss. It's powers and principalities and dominions that are operating in this realm of existence. This is going to this is going to take a few services, but we are going to be breaking things down to see how this dimension that we are now in has so much influence upon our lives. And we're going to we are going to expose things in in each and every one of our lives so that we can be free. How many are interested? How many want to participate in that? Amen. Praise God. I want total deliverance, brother Phillip. Total. I don't want partial deliverance. When the day comes that that it's going to be that in the twinkling of an eye, all that's going to happen is we're just going to change from one dimension to the other. That's all that's going to be. But while we're here, we are going to progress into a total deliverance relationship with Jesus Christ and this earth. And every power and every dominion and every principality is going to have to come subject to the word. And if he's in you, guess what? Let's take a look at authority. Jesus had authority over his existence. How many knows that? He recognized when he came here on the earth. And to understand God's authority, we must realize that there's a conflict within the universe for authority. The enemy is a deceiver. He was a deceiver right from the very beginning. And he will use every avenue possible to deceive you and bring you under the wrong authority when you think you're under the authority of God. Meanwhile, Satan has you. Gossip spirits, uh, rebellious spirits, not willing to submit to your boss at work. You know, you're you're you're you're you're like a mule. When something when somebody says you got, you know, can you take care of this, take care of that, the leg comes out right away. Teeth, you know what is that? Oh, but I'm a Christian. I go to church every Sunday. That don't make that don't make you a son of God because you go to church every Sunday. What makes you a son of God is when you've come under the authority of the word and you've humbled yourself under God's plan and God's purpose and desire for you as an individual. You don't want to live a defeated life anymore. You want victory in your life. Amen. And so, and so the universe and eternity, you know, uh uh it it's based on on who's going to have the authority. Satan thinks he's in authority, but his rebellion right from the very beginning disqualified him immediately. So, don't think he's got authority over you when you are a son or a daughter of God. The moment you recognize your day and the message, which is the whole check. Oh, okay. having the the the uh God's primary goal in creation is to demonstrate and establish his preeminence in the body of Christ on earth in this time. Not in the days of of William Brham. No, not in the days of Moses. Not in the days of of all the other prophets. He's looking to establish preeminence in the church in this day and in this hour. And that's where he wants absolute and total preeminence. This is where everything comes together. This is where we culminate into what's called the rapture. Amen. So that's why we're interested in what God is doing today because that's that's what's going to translate us. That's what's going to change us. Amen. God and man in harmony having dominion over the earth. Amen. Remember, because God is God, all should be subject to him. Unfortunately, men and angels have refused. You know that listen when God you know God's first creation was angels because and those angels did you realize that those angels had to had to have been given free moral agency because why would they have rebelled against God and taken Satan's side because they were given free moral agency. So there was So in other words, there's a dimension where angels operate just the same as this dimension here where there's communication, where there's talk, where there's plans, where's the where there's deception. Amen. We're going to be looking at all those things so that we can expose the enemy wherever he might be, where he's got us defeated. Whatever it is, whatever you want. Listen, I hope in your heart this morning, you're going to you're going to put that thing in your heart and say, "Lord, this area of my life, this situation, this circumstance, Lord, I want I want your mind, your word for me so that I can receive it and I can walk out of here transformed and allow the word now to just do what it has to do." Then you just go into a a a state into a a a a place of rest where you just wait on God. Amen. And let him prove his own word. Amen. But you know, uh men and angels have refused to be subject to him and have been in rebellion towards God's authority. And that's why we've got demon power in this dimension that is absolutely in rebellion to the word of God. doesn't want anything good to happen in your life. Amen. Because he wants you to remain in that defeated condition. See, as long as you are constantly uh you know questioning, am I even a son or daughter of God? Am I even am I even uh uh you know born again? Gets you questioning yourself over and over again. If he can keep you in that kind of a condition, I need more monitor. If he can keep you in that kind of a condition, then you you're not then you're you're in a defeated condition and you know, you you don't come to church, you don't help out, you you know, there's volunteers requested, you don't show up, you're you're you know, there's fellowships, you don't really care to show up to the fellowships. Why? Because you're in a defeated condition. I don't think I want to go to church anymore. This brother doesn't This brother doesn't shake my hand and say, "God bless you to me. This one doesn't acknowledge me. This sister turns the other way. This this you're allowing the circumstances of the enemy to control your victory in the word of God and live so underprivileged as a son or a daughter of God that you're constantly in a defeated condition. What a terrible condition to be in. God help us to recognize what God really wants for our lives. Amen. Glory to God. What is it? It's rebellion in and it's evidenced and and we know that it's rebellion which is evidenced in the very nature of sin. Sin is choosing my way over God's way. That's what sin is. I'm going to do it my way. I don't need to do it God's way. You're rebelling. Sin is saying, "I want to be my own God." You know, that's Satan's lie. You know, that that was Satan's original lie when he went to Eve and he says, "You shall surely be like God if you do this because then you'll be able to create like he created." That was the lie in the beginning. Yeah. so that she could she and and and and it sounded good, you know, and you got to be careful because in even within the confines of this message where we are talking about that you are God being expressed in bride form and you've been given the authority by the word of God. Listen, if you don't have a revelation on what I just said and you don't have the character because you still got spirits that are controlling you, you you can't you can't be told anything because you're afraid the person's afraid that they're going to find out from somebody else cuz they know you got a gossip spirit. You see, God is not going to place power and authority into a character that hasn't fully submitted and fully humbled himself or herself to the supernatural power and authority of God within the body. It's as simple as that. Did you know that that's that's the way God set up the whole universe was based on authority? And God has and God shows it right from from his start right into the home. You know that a father is God in the home. He's he's like like God and and and the wife is like Eve, his helpmate. And the children are the garden, the offspring. It's like a church. the pastor is the supreme authority in that church. I'm not I'm not telling you that because I'm a pastor. I'm telling you that because if you can recognize that you can come into a place where where now God can use the office. Remember, don't look at the man. If you see me, a lot of you know me. You know my flaws. You know my strengths and you know my weaknesses. Don't look at those things when it comes to the office and the position. be I don't need to have a pastor. I don't need a man to tell me. I've come into the message of the hour and God just shows me directly good luck. Good luck. And and and and and they'll say that and I can look and I can see in their life they don't even got victory over the simplest little things. You see what I'm saying? Do we want to come under the the the supreme authority of of the word of God? So that so that we can in our ministry have full effect and authority over the circumstances in our lives. The only way is when you submit to the supreme authority of God's provided way within the body of Christ. As long as we are here on earth, God is not going to change his program. He's going to progress the program. Now, the mighty angel, and we know that he's the supreme authority, but he's still in in in the five-fold ministry. He's still operating through the father that's at home that has a revelation of God. Yes, sir. Simple, but so profound, so powerful. Saints, we want victory in our lives. And so, sin and rebellion says, "I want to be my own authority. I'm going to be authority. I'm going to call the shots. I'm going to say the way it's going to be. But how do we really truly get authority? I think for us to truly understand this, we need to look at one who wielded authority properly and and see what he did with it and how he obtained his authority. Jesus is the one we want to look at right now. We're just going to look at a few scriptures. We're just going to, you know, take some examples and and you know, if you go to the next slide in Matthew chapter, well, actually, before we go to that, I want to say this that God is light. And before there was anything, there was God. Do you know that there wasn't even light before God? It was when God said, "Let there be light that anything could actually be seen or recognized." Okay? And Jesus in John 1 John 1 verse 4 to8 it says, "Now listen here, and these things write we unto you that your joy may be full." Now I want I I I when I was reading the scripture, I I always read a few, you know, verses before and then after. I want to kind of catch the whole thought of what the Lord was, you know, kind of coming at. And he says here, "And these things write we unto you that your joy might be full." Then this then is the message which we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light. God is light. And look what he says. and in him is no darkness at all. So if you come to a realization of what the scripture is saying here and realizing that that that he is pure light, he is pure God. There's nothing before him, nothing after him. He has the full and supreme authority. When that light comes into you, that becomes supreme authority in you. All right, you're talking now. If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness, we lie. Do you see? He's trying to make it clear here. Listen, God is perfect light. And if you want total deliverance and you want joy, like he said, so that your joy might be full. A lot of people are miserable. They're not living the in in the in the right condition as a true Christian in this day and in this hour. They're living underprivileged. They're not having that full joy that they're supposed to be having. Amen. And he says we lie and do not the truth. Do not the truth. In other words, you're living you're speaking and you're living contrary to the word of God. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another. All of a sudden, it brings the whole body of Christ together. It brings a unity of spirit. It starts to open the doors for fellowship with your brothers and sisters like you've never had before. A lot of people known each other for years and years and years and have no real fellowship. Oh, this is the hour where, listen, I don't know about you, but listen, this is the hour where the church, everything's going to get exposed. Everything's going to get the light is going to come upon it because this is the final hour. This is where the honing time comes. This is where God God's going to show his bride. God's going to show his elect. God's going to show the true church what's really in her. God's going to show if that perfect love, if that love capstone ministry is really a part of that individual and they've come into that recognition, they've come into that revelation. They've come into they've yielded themselves to the spirit of God for the message of this day. Amen. They have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus Christ, his son, cleanses us from all sin. See, when you can enter into that kind of fellowship where you're naked before God, you you don't want to hide nothing anymore. You want to listen, Lord. Just ju just expose everything in my life, Lord. I want to be free. You know what? You know what happens? The blood comes and cleanses you. It washes you. It purges you of your sin and your unbelief, and you get set free. It's a supernatural experience, saints. We're not talking about playing church here. We're talking about coming into a relationship with God. Personal. Amen. It cleanses us. And if we say that we have no sin, we we deceive ourselves. We're all born in sin, shaped in iniquity, speaking lies. You're going to go out there tomorrow and you're going to make mistakes. But the blood of Christ, this is the hour where you've where where you're in the body of Christ. And so the moment that that that something some unbelief tries to poke its head through, the blood of Christ just swallows it up. Sin tries to poke itself out and and you say something, "Oh Lord, forgive me." Boom. The blood just sucks it right back in again. Hallelujah. This listen, his his attribute in you cannot return void because it's God. He says, "My word will not return void." It's God. His word in you is God. It's him. So it's He says, "You'll understand on that day that I am in the Father, ye in me, and I in you." Jesus had the authority. Amen. He had the authority of God because he knew who he was. He says, "I do nothing lest it's revealed unto me by my father. the works that I do, it's not I that doeth them, but the but the Father that dwelleth in me, not above me. He didn't say above me. He said in me. He said to Philillip, "If you see me, you see the Father." He was in a dispensation. Oh, glory to God. Amen. He's in a new dispensation in this hour. Amen. Glory. I tell you, this is just going to get sweeter and sweeter, saints. The very nature of Jesus as God clothed in human form expresses the authority of God when he was here on the earth. So humble but yet supreme authority. Glory to God. In John we are told that he was the beginning and everything was created by him and through him. So what who makes him who makes him god? People get so, you know, I was talking to somebody on the Trinity last week at the market. Super nice guy. I love him. You know, and he's zealous about the word of God. And you know, we were having some good fellowship over the last couple weeks. But then the other day, the Lord just led me into, you know, into well, you know, you know, it's like I just brought up it's like baptism. You know, we don't baptize babies. We believe in baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And you know an as an adult, you need to recognize that you're a sinner. He that Jesus said, "He that believeth and is Oh, did that set off what? We baptized babies. We we believe in the tree." I said, "I can't even find the word trinity in the Bible." He said, "I can show you tree." He said to me, "I can show you trinity in the Old Testament, in the New Testament." I said, "Where?" "Oh, I'll get it. I, you know," I said, "All right." You know, I just I just relaxed because I know where I listen, we know where we stand with this. We've we're way down the road now about getting into into, you know, I just said, "Brother, let's reason together." I said, "Sometime maybe we can have a breakfast or a lunch together." You know, he's one of my suppliers and and uh you know, and I said, "We'll get together sometime and we can get in on the word." And um he says, "Okay, well, we'll see." You know, praise God. But I saw something really raise up there and I thought, "Wow." I said, "This is a powerful thing." Trinity, you you got to be really careful because, you know, well, let's face it, 95 or 98% of the churches out there believe in the Trinity. So, you're a real minority. You know, they feel very powerful. Hey, John, is there a Trinity? Of course there's a tr Hey, you're a Catholic. You is there a Of course there's a TR. They could he could ask a hundred people at the market and 99 of them are going to say yes there's a trinity and the other one's going to say I don't know. It's a revelation saints. Amen. Praise God. And so uh let's let's read the scripture here. Let's go to Matthew chapter 7. We're talking about Jesus authority here. He says, "Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name, and in thy name have cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works?" And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you, my God. Lord have mercy. Many are going to say, "Lord, we did this. Lord, we did that." But let's go on. I never knew. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. Therefore, whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them. In other words, manifest them in your life. Live them. Profess them. Join the church. Stand behind what you truly believe. Get behind the ministry. Stand on the word of God. And then allow the the supernatural to come and vindicate your your your position, your placing, your your your profession as a Christian. Amen. And doeth them. I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a revelation. Hallelujah. The revelation is the key element to taking your position as a son or a daughter of God. Because look, he goes, "And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew and beat upon that house, and it fell not, for it was founded upon a rock." Hallelujah. If your experience is not founded upon a rock of revelation of who you are in this day and in this hour, I'm telling you, the winds are blowing, the storms are coming, the rains have been descending, the floods are coming, saints. There's a flood of wickedness and evil and and and there's a there's a there's a a a dimension which is now which is which is pressing into this dimension right now of war and pestilence and and and putting fear upon the people, putting them into a state where they don't know what to do. The world is going into war. It's going into chaos. People don't know what they are. young people. There's more young people in depression than has ever been in the history of North America right now. There's more suicide, teen suicide. They don't know what to do. They don't know how to identify themselves. They don't know their existence. They don't understand their existence. And it puts them into a condition where they they don't know how to live, what to do, where to go. I'm going to go talk to the psychiatrist. I'm going to talk to this one. I'm gonna talk to that one. It's just a vicious circle of demon power telling them, "Okay, that's okay for you to do." Okay, well, maybe that'll work, too. 300 bucks an hour. Hallelujah. Next. Okay, time's up. Got my next appointment. We'll see you next week. You want therapy? Come into the house of the Lord. You'll get therapy here. If you surrender to God and you believe God's word that he's a reality, he will. There's no psychiatrist that even comes close. He just says, "Leave." Sickness, leave that body. Sickness, loose my body. I know who I am. I am a temple of the living God. I have supreme authority over this temple because God has given it to me. You sickness, you got to leave this body. No more you can dwell in this place. Lord, these are the things that you can receive when you believe God. Hallelujah. Go to the next slide. We're getting to something here, saints. We're only just beginning. And everyone that heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them not shall be likened unto a foolish man which built his house upon sand. Well, I think I'll go and listen to this preacher this week. I think I'll listen to this one here online. I don't think I need a preacher. I don't know if I need a pastor. Well, maybe Brother Brandham's my pastor. Well, they're on sink and sand. They don't know where they're going. That every time they put their foot in, it sinks. They put it here, it sinks. They think they're going to find God. Listen, God is in his provided place. God is in his word until you come to the word personal. you and the word personal. Not you and and and and the teacher, not you and the pastor, not you and the deacon, not no personal. Then you then you can hear the voice of God through the pastor. Then you can hear the leadership through the deacon. Then you can hear all the things that you have need of. Amen. But you got to come to the word first. Repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Young people, without the Holy Ghost, you're not going to make it. This age right now, the the the the the oppression and the deception that's coming in, glory to God. You want to know you got it. You want to know where you stand. Amen. Because your test is going to come. It's going to come. It's not going to get better on this earth. Things are not going to get better for us, saints. They're going to try to close us up. They're going to try to use our our church as a storehouse. They're going to whatever they want to do. That's fine. But we got Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. He says, "You're building on sand." And the rain descended and the floods came and the winds blew and beat upon that house and it fell. And great was the fall of it. Let me tell you, there's going to be a lot of people that are going to fall in this hour. It's happening already all around us, right around the ranks of the message. People falling away because they have not recognized the dispensational change of Christ himself by the opening of the word, by the opening of those seven seals, by the mighty angel putting one foot on the land and one on the sea and declaring the time shall be no more. They have not recognized the season and therefore cannot have the overcoming victory that only comes through a recognition of the book being open to you. Personal. Glory to God. We're going to get into a lot. And it came to pass when Jesus had ended these things, the people, now watch, were astonished at his doctrine. Doctrine For he taught them as one having authority and not as the scribes. That's why when they hear us talk about the Lord, they say, "Oh my God, you talk like, you know, like you got authority. You talk like you, you know, you don't talk like my priest. My priest says, come on in the box over here. You got to tell me what you did this week." No, no, no, no, no, no. This is this is this is the supernatural element that when you come into a recognition of who you are as a son or a daughter of God, you will speak as one with authority because not because you speak like that. It's because you have it. It's because you've recognized. It's because you've come to a place where you realize that that that that these things that that that have had control over my life, they shall have them no more. Now's the time. Amen. Let's let's move on here. He says here in Matthew chapter 8, listen. And when he had entered into a ship, his disciples followed him, and behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea. in so much that the ship was covered with the waves, but he was asleep. You know, Jesus is in your ship. You know that, eh? If you've truly entered in and you've come into that walk with God, he's in the ship. But it doesn't stop the storms from coming. The storms are still going to come. But it's when you know, but listen, let's read on. And his disciples came to him and woke him, saying, "Lord, save us." You see, they hadn't really understood what who was in the ship. They didn't really understand, you know, maybe you're not you're not clear yet. Jesus is on your side. He's with you. He's in you. He wants to possess you. He wants to lead you, guide you, direct you. But he's given you the free moral agency to say, "Yes, Lord. Yes, I recognize who I am. Yes, I'm going to take my position in the word of God. Amen. But he says, "And he saith unto them, why are you fearful? Too many people living under fear in this message." Too many people fearful of, "Oh, this, you know, people people are going to think this way about me because of this, you know, oh, look at my children. My children, I'm ashamed of some of my children." Everybody's ashamed of some of their children. That doesn't that doesn't place you in a in a in a lower position in the body of Christ. God don't have grandchildren. God has sons and daughters. He's interested in your attitude, your position, your courage, your strength. Are you willing to stand on the word? He's not interested in dealing with your children right now. He's still dealing with you. If you're still living in fear, he wants you to be completely free and set free from the bondage of the lies of the enemy. Because the lies going to the enemy is going to bombard your mind and your thoughts constantly telling you this that oh your wife, your husband, your your your your you know your your friends at work, they can't stand you. They're always talking about you. They're always this and that. And listen, if you've got the wrong attitude and you're and you're kind of one of these Christians that, you know, likes to point out everybody's mistakes, you're not welcome here. We're not looking for people to point out mistakes. The Holy Spirit will do that by the word. God will correct through the deacons. Spirits that need to be corrected, God will deal with them. You see, like we got to grow up. We got to come to a place where we understand God is God and God can do whatever he needs to do and deal with whatever he needs to deal with. And sometimes you just got to stay quiet and just let the Holy Spirit deal because you know they got the Holy Ghost. You know that they're just trying to overcome a situation. they you know that they're just they're that God is perfecting something in them and you see the progress as the deliverance comes and you rejoice because this is a this is not a your attribute is perfect but this ain't and it'll never be. That's why it's got to be changed. That's why it's got to be translated into another dimension and take on a new different celestial body. Amen. Hallelujah. He says, "Oh, ye of little faith." Then he arose and he rebuked the winds and the sea and there was a great calm. But the men marveled, saying, "What manner of man is this that even the winds and the sea obey him?" I believe he wants us to have that calm in our lives. We don't need to be yelling and screaming and freaking out on situations. Just look at the situation and say, "Peace, be still." Know who you are. Know that he's given you that authority. Oh yes. Hallelujah. We're going to wind it down here. We're just going to let's go to the next just another scripture I believe and then we'll be done. And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit. And he cried out saying, "Let us alone. What have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? Art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art, the Holy One of God. And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. And when the unclean spirit had torn him and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him. Listen, you're going to have to overcome situations. The enemy is not going to give up that easy. Look, it tore him. He got mad. He didn't want to leave. He didn't want to leave the situation. Sometimes you're dealing with situations and and and there you know, it just seems like a constant battle, constantly having to deal with it. But keep your keep yourself uh you know uh rebuke and correct, but sin not. Try try and control. This is something that God is really dealing with I believe in especially in this hour. bringing the sons and daughters of God to a place where they where they can be be still and know that he is God and be calm and deal with the situation. And they were all amazed in so much that they questioned among themselves saying, "What thing is this? What new doctrine is this?" This is not a new doctrine, saints, this this authority series ain't a new doctrine. It's the word of God. It's Christ in you. It's Christ in the present stage of his ministry, giving you the authority to overcome the situations that are in your life. Amen. Giving you the ability to deal with circumstances that go beyond your own ability. You can't do it. It's not a new doctrine. People are going to be astounded at the victories in your life. Amen. They're going to see because you stood on the word, because you you you you just stayed calm and you allowed the situations to come, but you dealt with them according to the word of God. They're going to say, "Wow, what is this? I'm a Christian. I go to church. He prayed for that person and this and and and the person got whole. I pray for them a hundred times and they and they get worse." You see, it's not a new doctrine. It's just Jesus Christ in the present stage of his ministry. And it gives you the ability to recognize your existence. Understand your position and why God has given you this authority. And what thing is this uh doctrine is this? For with authority commanded he even the unclean spirits and they do obey him. Let the musicians come. What an hour. What a time, saints. We're living in an hour where victory is available in your life from today on. Amen. The word has been spoken. All you got to do is accept it, receive it, apply it in your life. Pray, focus, stay, stay with the word, get into your position. If you heard God speak to you today about, you know, something maybe, you know, Lord lays going to lay it upon your heart to move into a certain office or position in the Sunday school or, you know, into the cleaning committee or or into the yard committee or or into the uh, you know, events committee, wherever. Just, you know, you just say, you know what? I I need I need to get into a position. I need I need to get blessed. If you really understand what I just said, you're going to get blessed. You're looking to get blessed. You want God to finish the work in you. Listen, everything was purposed for himself. This is all about his purpose in your life. Wherever God, if God has placed you in this church, you're going to hear the word of God that is going to positionally place you. Because I believe we're under the Joshua Commission. And the Joshua commission, brother Mike, it places, it positions, it gives authority. It gives ability. It gives supernatural ability. Things will be done. You'll be able to do things that you never thought you could do because it's God in you moving through your office, moving through your position. Lord, I want to I I want to be a blessing financially. I want to be able to give towards that new wall and the church. Lord, I I want to be able to do that. Well, get ready. If it's on your heart and it's a sincere desire, then you watch and see if God doesn't open the windows of heaven somewhere in your life for blessings to come in, a door to open, an opportunity to come and financial blessing to come your way. And then all of a sudden, you're going to realize, glory to God, I've tapped into something really good here. I can do more than that. I can do this. And Lord, Lord, if you want to use me in this area, I I I'll, you know, just make a way. Open the doors. I'll step into it. God wants a willing heart. God wants some passion in your walk with him. A true desire to serve him in this day and in this hour. Praise God, saints. Let's Let's all stand. Let's pray. Father, Lord, you know our very hearts and the depths of our souls exactly where we are right now and the situations that we're dealing with, Lord, and the pain and the sorrow, Lord, that's embedded in our hearts. We It's It's so hard sometimes to to to get get it uprooted. Father, you you're the only one that can do that. I pray, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, that you will search out the hearts this morning, Lord, wherever they are, whether they be online or whether they be here, Lord, search the hearts out and and Lord, pluck out those those hindrances in their lives, Lord. Let them give them a small glimpse of what you can do in with one person that believes you, Lord. One one person with you, Father, is a majority in this day and in this hour, Lord. They're far and they're they're they're far and few between, Lord. But Father, there's a people in this place this morning, Lord, that that are that are hands up in the air and saying, "Lord, remember me. Remember my situation. Remember my hurts. Remember my my my uh conditions, Lord. Remember the circumstances. Remember my children, Lord. Remember my family, Lord. Remember my finance, Lord. Remember my health, Father. Lord, I want to serve you. I want a healthy vessel. I want a healthy walk with you, Lord. Oh, God. Let it be done this morning, Lord, in your people like never before, oh God. And Lord, we will do one thing. We'll just we'll just praise you through it all, Lord. We'll just praise you over and over and over and over again. Amen. Glory to God. I just want to thank you, Lord. key E flat. I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. [Music] This glory that's revealed in me. Thanks for that special night. When I saw your glorious time face to face with eternal life. Oh Lord, I thank you. Oh, I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory that's revealed in me? [Music] Thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious time. Came face to face with eternal life. Oh Lord, I thank you. First, well, you didn't have my eyes. You could have easily passed me by for the ages I was living in. I was born and blind. And then I heard recognized in your name serial message of grace and Lord I thank you. Oh, I just want to thank you, Lord. [Music] Such glory. Thanks for that special night. [Music] Came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. Amen. Brethren, you you must understand that there is something more beyond this. Not a new message, but it's a higher place. He said, "I'm going to raise a standard." And if you don't understand that, you're you think you're just going to be doing this fighting everything all the way to the end. No, no, no, no, no, no. There's something higher. That's what's coming forth now. Something beyond where we've been fighting in the church ages all these years, right? There's something beyond it. I can tell you that for sure. All right? And that's where we're moving up to. Don't you want to move up a little bit higher? Don't you want to recognize your existence, what you're supposed to be? Sing this with a new understanding. For I was born to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. [Music] Let my life now be separated onto thee that I might be what I was born to be. Everybody try it one more time. For I was born to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. [Music] Let my life now be separate unto thee. [Music] What I was born to be. How many can say you're glad to be a prisoner of Christ? A prisoner of Christ. We're free, but free in the confines of the word of God, a prisoner of Christ. Amen. Now sing, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. [Music] Well, I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. We're on our way to heaven. We're shouting victory. We're on our way to heaven. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me down, but Jesus set me free. Satan had me down, but Jesus set me free. [Music] [Music] Jesus set me free. Amen. If you give us a G, please. Uh, how many know what's happening after the service just now? Everybody know we're going to we're going out. Listen, when you go get a hamburger or a hot dog from Brother Alphen, I want you to say thank you, brother Alvin, for sacrificing your your service and doing everything. He's out there sweating away and everything. God bless him for for doing that. All right. Make sure you say bless Thank you to him. All right. But um if the sisters who are helping can go, uh Jack's already gone to help him flip some burgers and stuff like that. Let's have some fellowship. Let's enjoy. And nevertheless, you know, um what what he preached this morning, I've gone through that in the last 24 hours, right through the whole thing, even on the way to church where things just open. I read Proverbs chapter 29 this morning and it said, you know, where there is no vision, right? People perish. In the amplified it says where there's there's no vision it means no revelation of God in his word. The people people and it said are unrestrained. It means they can go and do anything. That's not our portion friends. We can't just go and do anything. Not because I'm not going to go do anything but because the Holy Spirit dwells here and he's bringing us into that place where we are prisoners of Christ. I'm glad to be here. Are you glad to be in that spot? Let's go higher and higher. We'll sing. We shall overcome. All right. We have overcame. We are overcoming. And we shall overcome. Right. Sing it with me. We shall overcome. Yes, we shall overcome. Oh, by the word of our mouth, by the blood of the lamb, we shall overcome. I shall overcome. Oh, I shall overcome. Oh, I shall [Music] [Applause] by the word of my mouth. By the blood of the lamb, I shall overcome. One more time. We shall overcome. We shall overcome. The bride shall overcome by the words of her mouth, by the blood of the lamb. [Music] Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I'm washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. Save. Save. Save by his wonderful grace. I'm glad that I found out he could bring me up. Show me the way. God bless you saints who are dismissed this morning. For a long time I travel down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy and sin. I said go. And I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful life. I'm glad that I found he could bring me out his saving power. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I'm washed in the blood of Jesus. [Music] [Music] Show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that is taking it. [Music] Like a blind man that God gave back his son like a fortune [Music] and [Music] I'm glad that I [Music] holy name. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of fear. I'm washed in the blood. Been born again. [Music] God's wonderful. [Music] I'm glad that I found out show you. [Music] This is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. And all that I adore, it is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, [Applause] [Music] Lord, I give you my heart, give you my soul. I live for you. [Music] Lord, have your way. In me, my shepher, [Music] my shepher [Music] in pastures green. [Music] He leadth me. And where the living waters flow, my sheer lead, my sheer Heat. Heat. [Music] restore again. [Music] My sheer lead, my sheer. [Music] He brought me out of the way of death. My soul is restore again. [Music] And where I live [Music] my Yeah. Heat. [Music] So [Applause] again the [Music] sometimes it's strange when I think You know me better than me.
