################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-12 - 2025.10.12 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Josiah's Personal Revival - Paul LaFontaine - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-12
Title:   2025.10.12 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Josiah's Personal Revival
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XK7dAL9tyMw
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] of peace and I worship you because of who you are, Lord. I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra. Let's sing it. Let's all stand. Jehovah Gyra, you are my proider. Jehovah Ni. Oh Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom. my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for this service you've given us, God. another opportunity, God, to lift our hands, Lord, in worship to you, God. Another, Lord, chance, Lord Jesus, just to lift up our voices unto you, God. Lord, knowing the liberty we have in you through Christ, God. Knowing the liberty we have in you, Lord Jesus, through your blood this morning, God. There's only one way we have fellowship and communion with you, Lord God, and that's through your sacrifice, Lord God. So, we want to lift up our hands this morning and just praise you for it, God. Lord, just take this service, takes take each and every heart, Lord God, as we just enter in, Lord God, just setting aside every weight, Lord God, right now, the cares of this world, Lord, that you, Lord, you, the Christ, Lord, the real Christ, Lord Jesus, would come down in this service this morning and speak to each individual this morning. God, speak to me, Lord God. I need it more than ever before, Lord Jesus. Take control, God. We love you, Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's sing this song this morning. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's go to KD, I think. Maybe not. Blessed be that one. Maybe G. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's greet each other in the name of the Lord this morning. He's worthy to be praised and adored. So let's lift up holy hands one accord [Music] singing bless. Okay. Oh blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be, blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adore. So let's lift up holy hands one accord singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So let's lift up. Hallelujah. Holy hands one accord. Oh yes. singing. Blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. For he has done great things. Testify. For he has done great things. Yes, you have, Lord. Oh, he has done great things. Yes, Lord. He has done great things. Bless his hol. Bless his holy holy name. Sing that last time this morning. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. and all that is within me, bless his holy, [Music] holy name. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me [Music] from every fear. Oh yes, those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. Hallelujah. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. This poor man cried and the Lord heard me. Yes, Lord. And saved me from all my enemies. Aren't you glad this morning? Oh, the son of God. Oh yes. Surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. Oh yes, we'll deliver them. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste, oh, taste and see. Hallelujah. That the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, yes. All you saints, he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless. Oh, let us bless the Lord. Is that what you come to do tonight? This morning. Oh, every day, every neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Oh never ending praise. May our in last time let us let us bless the Lord. Oh every day and night. neverending praise. May our incense arrive. Oh, magnify the Lord with me, Lord. Oh, come exalt. Hallelujah. His name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste. Oh, taste and see. Yes, Lord, you are that the Lord is good. Yes, Lord. Oh, blessed is he. Oh, who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord, all you saints. He'll give you everything. Oh, yes. He'll give you everything. [Music] Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. You may be seated. Hallelujah. He'll give you everything. Amen. everything you ask for. Amen. According to his will. Just wanted to testify along with brother Malachi. Um I was excited for him. It seems like he takes these tests for his IT work every week. I don't know. But it was a big test he took on what was it? Friday, &gt;&gt; th Oh, Saturday. Okay. Wow. On the weekend, too. Saturday. Um but the Lord helped him through it and he passed the exam by God's grace. So we want to just glorify God with them this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Key of C. Amen. We'll sing this. Come quench this thirsting. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Is that your desire this morning? Just talk to him now. Come quench. Oh, come quench this thirsting. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am way. Can we take her up to D? Come fill my heart. Fill this void. Oh come fill this void and emptyness. Lord, shine your light on my darkness. Lord, satisfy and restore my soul. Oh, I long for you to make me whole. So conquent this thirsting. Lord, I am ready. Lord here I am way. Lord come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Lord come fill my heart. Oh yes. Let the spirit desire. Come fill my life. I am in. complete. Yes, Lord. Oh, let your love rain down on me. Get desperate. Oh, I need you more. Lord, I confess. Oh yes, more of you and nothing less. So come quench this thirsty. Lord I am ready. Lord here I am waiting. Lord come through my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Oh come fill. Say that again. Conquest thirsty. Lord I am ready Lord. Here I am waiting. Oh come through my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Lord, come fill my heart. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. My hallelujah belongs to Can we all stand and sing it this morning? Oh, my hallelu belongs to you. Yes, Lord. Oh my hallelujah belongs to you. Yes, Lord. Oh my hallelujah belongs to you. Sing. All of the glory belongs to you. All of the glory belongs to you. Hallelujah. All of the glory. All of the glory belongs to you. All done this morning. You deserve it all. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. Oh, you deserve it. You deserve it. My hallelujah. My hallelujah belongs to you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, my hallelujah belongs to you. All of the glory. Oh, all of the glory belongs to you. Yes, Lord. Oh, all of the glory belongs to you. Yes, you deserve it. It all you deserve it. Oh, you deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. Oh, you deserve it. Hallelujah. Doesn't he deserve it this morning? All of our praise. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song this morning. You are the center. Let's sing that. You are the center. The center of my life. As a prayer request will come this morning. You're the reason why [Music] I can live more abundantly. So let there be nothing, nothing placed before you so I can see you in plain view. Oh, I want to do everything through Christ. Is that your desire? The center, the center of my life. Take it up. Oh, you are center. the center of my life. You're the reason why. Oh yes, I can live more abundantly. Let there be nothing, nothing placed before you so I can see you in plain view. Oh yes. I want to do everything through Christ, the center, the center of my life. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh Jesus in the street. Oh Jesus on the darkness where every enemy go oh Jesus for my family I speak the holy name Jesus for shout shout Jesus from the mountain or Jesus in the free. Oh Jesus, in the darkness, oh for every enmy, oh Jesus, for my family, I speak the holy name, Jesus is your name. Your name is power. Hallelujah. Your name is healing. For your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a cloud. You know his name is power this morning. Sing it now. Oh, your name is power. Oh, your name is healing. Yes, your name is life. Oh, yes. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Take it up one. Oh yeah. Sing these verses with me this morning. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. Oh, I speak Jesus. Proclaim it this morning. Second verse. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. [Music] Deep glaring there is hope and there is freedom. Oh, I speak Jesus as your name is power. Your name is powerful. Oh, your name is healing cuz your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Oh, your name, your name is your name is healing. Oh, your name is life. [Music] Oh, make every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. [Music] burn like a fire. [Music] Give the Lord some praise. Hallelujah. We speak your name in confidence this morning. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sister Hannah, would you make your way up? Amen. You may be seated this morning. We have the honor to hear uh Sister Hannah Slack this morning. Special and grace. Praise the Lord. [Music] How can you forgive me when I've gone astray? How can you think of me when I do things my way? Turning my back from you. The one who loved me first. Having my own desires, renewing worldly thirst. You told me you loved me and I should make up my mind. You tell me come back now, but I keep wasting time. Feeling so very weak. You say I can be strong. I feel I've gone too far. You tell me to come home. You love me still [Music] and I know this is real and I am running back to you. I see you're standing there for me. Your arms are open wide and I don't have to cry no more. You're standing there for me. And I am running back to you. Why do I go away when I know I am no good? When I'm on my own. [Music] You told me you could keep me, but I've turned it away. I failed you so much now. I don't know what to say. Using the same excuse that I am just a man. You tell me you've been there and hold your nail start hand so I can see. [Music] Now I know I am free and I am running back to you. I see you're standing there for me. Your arms are open wide. And I don't have to cry no more. You're standing there for me. And I am running back to you. Why do I go away when I know I am no good? I have taken advantage of your love and grace. Forgive me, Lord, and take me home. Take me home. I'm running to you, Jesus. Please take me home. You see, I've been in this wrong way too long. And I can't do right anymore. I'm tired of pain. And I don't like fear. But Lord, I want to be more sincere. I never should have left your side. Did you turn me to your guiding light? I'm running back to you. I see you standing there for me. Your arms are open wide and I don't have to cry no more. You're standing there for me and I am running back to you. Why do I go away when I know I am no good? When I'm on my own. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, girls. We appreciate that, Brother Kenny. Hallelujah. I'm aed by the grace of God who welcomes us back. But we have to run back to him. And when we do, he's ready to receive us as the father of the prodical son. Praise be to God. God bless you all and appreciate your prayers. still kind of getting over a head thing. You a little nasaleness. There's nothing worse than having to preach with a nasal voice, but uh we're getting through it. Still some stuffiness, but we feel good this morning and we're on the men and we appreciate your prayers and all the things being sent us and the the prayers number one, but you know, I'm getting teas and special Haitian tees and I'm getting a lot of stuff. You know, it's been so so caring of the people. Well, Brandon brought me a tea over last night and different things and so we appreciate all the help and the texts and the prayers. God bless you all. Just a little thing that's lingering sinus infection, but I know I'm healed by the Lord. Uh I was looking for Sister Kelly Frames um carrot cake to come along for might be healing to me to get that. It's if you haven't had it, it's pretty good. They put me on a a uh boiling water and u anchors in the boiling water last night and uh they put a little bit too much in. I thought I was dying. I was breathing that stuff in and have my eyes open and uh I thought they were trying to kill me, but it actually helped. So, praise the Lord. Isn't the Lord good? &gt;&gt; Just feel his presence here this morning. And he's not one that makes us feel uncomfortable. He makes us feel comfortable. Uh you can rest in him no matter where you're at this morning. No matter where you're at, uh the Lord knows where you're at. And the Lord knows how to bring you where you're at to where you need to be. He's got all that in his control. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. 2 Kings 23 and verse 23. Surely there was not Holden such a Passover from the days of the judges that judged Israel, nor in all the days of the kings of Israel, nor of the kings of Judah. But in the 18th year of King Josiah, wherein this Passover was holden to the Lord in Jerusalem. Moreover, the workers with familiar spirits and the wizards and the images and the idols and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem did Josiah put away that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Heekiah the priest found in the house of the Lord. There's a just a simple mystery behind the one scripture here and that is Josiah acted upon getting rid of all of the idols and spirits and everything within the temple of God. He he stood as a young man to get rid of all the things out of the temple. But he did it as a result of what he read in the word. So when you bring the word into your life and the book of God and it gets open to you, the open book should influence you to clean the house of the Lord. &gt;&gt; And like unto him was there no king before him that turned to the Lord with all his heart and with all his soul and with all his might. That sounds familiar to what Jesus said. That's the only way to love him. With all your heart, soul, mind, and strength. And Josiah did that with all of his might. According to all the law of Moses, neither after him arose there any like him. Of all the kings in the Bible, he's praised here. There was nothing like this king next to David. He says a similar place as with David the king. If you don't mind adding one more scripture in Psalm 69. If you just keep your finger in 2 Kings, we might refer back to it. Psalm 69. I would like to add this in concerning the zeal of the house of the Lord. Psalms 69 and uh verse 7 if you would. Psalm 69 and verse 7. Because for thy sake I have borne reproach. Shame hath covered my face. I am become a stranger unto my brethren and an alien unto my mother's children. When we stand for the Lord, we becomes a stranger. We become an oddball. Brother Brandon preached the oddball. We become an oddball to many others, and we bear reproach. When I wept, excuse me, for verse 9, for the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up, and the reproaches of them that reproach thee are fallen upon me. The reason for some of the reproach and some of the criticism and some of the strangers uh that's turning against him, it's because his passion and his zeal for the house of the Lord. His passion and his zeal for the house of the Lord. Father, bless your word. Sanctify us now by your word. And may you minister and give us strength to minister this morning. We place it in your hands, my father, in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I was greatly blessed on Wednesday night to hear some of the things Brother Brandon was bringing out and uh uh uh I I actually would piggyback a little bit off of that this morning and take it maybe a little further, but it was great to hear some of the his research on the what the historians and the sociologists uh call the phenomena of the third generation. And if you haven't heard that service Wednesday night, you should hear it because he goes into detail reading some of these things and it's called the phenomena of the third generation and actually talks a little bit. Brother Brandon talked about the fourth generation and the third generation as they call it the phenomena of the third generation. It's marked by decline and I'll read that part to you again because it has the mark of decline and it's a process. What's interesting about what he read is that this decline from the first generation to the third is actually a process of declining and what was originally the passion and the the love and the vision and everything that went with the first generation when God uh I shouldn't say when God when even in any generation cuz brother Brandon read something here that was of a secular nature it it didn't uh it wasn't related to God and yet when he read the quotes later this is exactly what brother Brandon was saying about the cycle of revival and death that happened through the church ages and even back in Israel a revival then death a revival then death and that's that what happens is they have a revival and the revival begins to decline with the second generation the third generation and it's actually atrocious what's h what happens in the fourth generation they get so far away from the original revival they don't even know who they are anymore they lose their identity and so that was a secular ular thing that he was reading from historians and sociologists, but it was so perfect with the way the prophet read about the Christian church and how that decline happened from generation to generation. I won't read you all of it, but I'll read just the end that he was reading because it bears repeating when he talks about the second and then he gets to the third. Uh um this there's a little bit about the second generation. He said the the second generation time passes. Uh well, let me just read the second one. The second generation is content with listening to the stories of the old days, wishing for them, but is too involved with the preservation of the success of the present to continue the growth of the first generation. They work hard to preserve the status quo, fearing that any movement will risk losing what they have received. The second gen generation is marked by entrenchment. Time passes and the mantle falls on the third generation. They have only heard about the dynamics and vitality of the first generation secondhand. They have not seen that kind of vitality. They have only seen the process of preservation and entrenchment. They have heard the stories of the past, but they are far away and unreal. They find no compelling reason to be driven by the vision that drove the grandparents. They are freed from the need to fight for recognition and security and are even freed from the worries of preserving what was originally hard one. They are idle with no vision that drives them, no passion that inflames them and no purpose that gives them meaning. As a result, the members of the third generation usually begin to question their identity, their belonging. Why even do I why even be part of a group of this community or this family? If if I if I serve no purpose and see no future. You see that generation? There's no vision. And because there's no vision, the Bible says the people perish. &gt;&gt; There's no original vision. So if I have no purpose and see no future. Here's the tragedy of the third generation. The third generation is often a people lacking a strong sense of identity and belonging and so are uncommitted to the group. A people without a a driving passion because they are fired by no vision. A people not sure of who they are, what they believe or what they should do. The third generation is marked by decline. Now this is a secular thing saying this is what happens in the third and fourth generation is that there is no vision. There is a and because of that they lose their lose their identity. They lose their commitment. I could spend another hour talking about this generation and how it loses its commitment to anything. People can barely attend church because they they lose what it means to be an onfire Christian. They lose the meaning of connecting with God. When you're connected with God, you want to be in church. When you're connected with him, you want to be in fellowship with him every day, not just in church. &gt;&gt; And so, this is what happens in the natural. And it was amazing to see this line up exactly with the decline in the church age book that brother Brandon the decline spiritual that happened right after the first cha church age. And you heard the quote Wednesday night. I'm going to read a little bit of it again because I my purpose in reading this is here's my purpose in reading it is what they declined from so that we know what we're seeking to get back to. Because if you go third and fourth generation, you start to lose what even you fell from. &gt;&gt; What a revival is. &gt;&gt; That's bad. Can you say amen? So my purpose is to read kind of what we fell from, what we come from, and that way we know uh how what we're to be seeking. Lord, we need to know what we're seeking. God honors people who are seeking him, but we got to know what we're seeking. Amen. &gt;&gt; So because you know and and there are so many promises as last Sunday we read those that were in captivity and they were in Babylon and now they hear the promise that they're going back after 70 years and uh you know there was redemption. They thought there was no hope. But even with the judgments of God and allowing them to go to Babylon, there's always a thread of redemption to the people who begin to seek him to be revived. People have to seek God to be revived. &gt;&gt; God doesn't just come and revive them. God has God has the redemptive power to bring you back to where you need to be. But God needs a person seeking to be revived. &gt;&gt; You have to seek it. You have to want it. It has to be a passion. Can you say amen? And the promises are so great throughout the Bible, Old Testament and New, that when they begin to seek me, I will find them. When they begin to turn towards me, wherever they are, you remember even Jonah held on to the promise of Solomon. Solomon said, "God, I'm going to ask for wisdom for your kingdom. And I'm going to ask that wherever your people are, no matter where they're at, no matter how low they are, I'm going to ask if they turn towards Jerusalem and pray and seek you, will you answer them? And God said, "Wherever they're at, no matter how low they are, where if they'll turn towards me, they will be found of me." &gt;&gt; What a promise. What a what a redemptive blessing. Can you say amen? And so wherever they were, and I like to use Jonah because he's in the belly of a whale at the bottom of the ocean. You can't get much lower than that. Maybe you thought, "Well, I was pretty low." But you look at your life, you say, "I'm not so sure if I I think I'll take my story rather than being in the bottom of the ocean, pretty hopeless in the belly of a whale or a big fish, it's called, but you know, I I'll take my story. As bad as it is, that's pretty low." And yet somehow Jonah was able to turn himself towards Jerusalem, which I don't know if he had a a supernatural GPS. It must have been. He was able to turn the right direction in the bottom of the ocean. And when he did, God brought him out of the fishmen. &gt;&gt; Don't ever underestimate &gt;&gt; the power of redemption &gt;&gt; because God in his judgments always puts that thread and that promise of redemption there. to where the people begin to believe that if they begin to believe they're pastored him. So, let me just read this when they get so far away from the original. And so, let me remind you of what he read Wednesday night and this is a a thing, but I read it so that you can go back to what we they fell from in the early church when he said, "You've left your first love." And brother Bradley explains, he said, "The fervent desire to please God, the passion to know his word, the cry for reaching out in the spirit, all begins to fade. And instead of that church being on fire with the fire of God, it has cooled off and become a bit formal. That is what's happening back there in Ephesians. They were getting a bit formal. The abandonment to God was dying out and the people weren't too careful about what God thought of them as they began to be careful about what the world thought of them. &gt;&gt; Now, that needs to be said today. that is relevant today because we are in a time of great comparisons. &gt;&gt; You know, I'm going to say it. Social media, &gt;&gt; the secular people that study this stuff, it's a whole world of comparing yourself with the other person. And when you come to the kingdom of God, that's the worst thing you can do is look over your shoulder to somebody sitting in the back of you this morning in church and take your story and take your life and start comparing even spiritually and to compare your life with someone else. God does not want you to do that. God wants you to have a personal revival yourself. &gt;&gt; And if nobody else wants that revival, God needs you to say, "God, I want that revival. I want it for myself. But the way that we get away is that we become less careful about what God thinks of us and start to be too careful about what the rest of the world thinks of us. That goes right down to dress and everything else. How weird am I going to look to the world? How am I going to look to everybody else? How am I going to look if I do this? What what you see, when you start thinking that way, then you start comparing yourself. Brother Brandham says people will get a pool and you'll see people get pools all down the neighborhood. He said, "We're in a day of comparison. We're in a day of lining up with somebody else and copying somebody else and being somebody else." That's a trap because God does not want you to be that young girl that's on your social media. You say, "Well, she's in the message." It doesn't matter. Don't compare yourself with somebody else. Look to God to have your own personal revival. [Applause] &gt;&gt; So now the second, he said, "Now the abandonment." So we we covered that the second generation coming on. He said the second gen generation. So he's into this the same as Brandon talked about brother Brandham that now the second generation when it thinks more of conforming to the world world instead of conforming to God. It isn't long until you see them stop doing things they used to do and start doing things they wouldn't do initially. They change their manner of dress, their attitudes and their behavior. They get lax. That's what Ephesians Ephesus means. Relax. Drifting. One little deviation from the word was a step away from Christ. &gt;&gt; What did they leave? The word. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The word. One little deviation from that word was a step. Let me just say this. If the word is what they fell from and lost a revival, then you will not have a revival without getting back to the word. &gt;&gt; The revival is not an emotion. The revival is you yourself personal getting back to the word &gt;&gt; because every bit of revival fire comes out of people being back in the word which is Christ. Can you say amen? It's not just in your Bible. It's in the person of Christ. But what it would help to get back into the Bible to get back into the message because what happens is what comes out of that is Holy Ghost fires. What comes out of that is the emotion. But we don't attach oursel to an emotion and say we're having a revival. It comes from the word. &gt;&gt; Always when we get back to the word and the word I want to be specific now. You say, "Well, I met I go to a message church. I come here and hear brother Paul preach." That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about when you are becoming one with the word yourself. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. One little deviation from that word was a step away from Christ. People say they love God. They go to church. They even shout and rejoice and sing and have a great emotional time. Now, he had just used the word before this. He'd used u um let me just go back and read it the way he said it. They get a bit formal. And one minister told me he said, "We think of formal is this Orthodox. Nobody's raising their hands, nobody's shouting, and you sing the songs, barely sing the songs, and it's like a a a Catholic mass." And that's how churches become there's no there's no life to it. We think of formal as that way. But formal can be a form of emotion. &gt;&gt; It's not just that somebody would be starchy. It's somebody would be overly emotional putting it on. And that's being formal, too. &gt;&gt; Because why? It's a form of doing something. You can shout all you want to. In fact, I wouldn't mind if some of you shouted more here when I preached. But listen to me. It better be because of the word changing your life. Shout, dance, scream, "Amen." Can you say amen? But it cannot be legislated. It cannot be forced. It can't be worked up. It comes out of the fires of God's word. &gt;&gt; That's when a revival is still happening. Amen. So he says here as he goes and says now he said people that say they love God to church even shout and rejoice and sing have a great emotional time but when it's all over listen when it's all over watch and see if they are in that word walking in it living in it if they go through all the other and then don't walk in that word they can say they love God but their lives tell another story later on in the quote he says that revival fire built upon the sacred word is so Wonderful. And the manifestation of the spirit is so blessed that a little fear creeps in and a whisper in the heart says, "How can we protect this truth we have? What can we do to see this revival goes on?" You see, you see that's that's where we get in trouble is when we're trying to preserve. He said that second generation is not in the mode of trying to get the original fire, but it's trying to preserve what we had. &gt;&gt; Terrible trap. Let's keep this going. Let's keep this and being willing to being willing to work it up just to just to keep it going so it looks like a revival. &gt;&gt; We don't want that. &gt;&gt; That revival fire built upon the sacred word so wonderful and manifestation of the spirit so blessed that a little fear creeps in. How many how many loves the manifestation of the spirit of God? &gt;&gt; I love it. I crave for it. and being built that revive revival fire is built upon the sacred word and the manifestation of the spirit so blessed that a little fear creeps in the whisper how can we protect this truth we have what can we do to see this revival goes on that is when the antichrist comes in and whispers look you have a truth now see that it doesn't get lost organize set up your creed of what you believe put it all in a church manual and they do it they organize they add to the word and they die just like Eve did or taking one word from It's God's word that brings life. And it's not what we say about the word that counts, but it's what God says. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Pretty powerful things. Keeping us in line and looking back to what that original was so we can see what it looks like. Now, you remember last year or sometime, I don't know when I talked about it, but I want to remind you of something I talked about of all the kings of Israel. And I had a slide. They're going to bring it up in a minute. And I listed all the kings of Israel. Now, I want to say this. We should pay attention to the kings and priests that's in the Bible. Why should we pay attention to that? You read through your Bibles. So, you think, "Oh my goodness, this is a lot of reading, a lot of details about all the priests of the B." But there's a reason why there's a a shadow or a type of so many kings and so many priests in the Bible. It should it should be given our attention to look at these kings and priests more than anybody else because the kings and priests speaks of the spiritual position the Lord is taking you to. &gt;&gt; So now I hope you don't look at the Old Testament. I hope you look at it different now because you see this is speaking of something for our lives. And it's it's not speaking of when we're birthed into the kingdom. It's speaking about where the word is taking us to be kings and priests. Couple weeks ago, I talked about David, not just be another king like Saul. No, but this now I'll give you a king after my own heart. God says, I'll give you a king after my own heart. So, when he began this process of kings, what God was, what was in his mind is that when I get to the end time and bring my word to the people, I this word is going to mold them into true kings and priests. And it came in Revelations 5. It's not the day we're born, but it's what our destiny is through the word bringing unto kings and priests. You can mark down in your minds Revelations 5. When he came down the lamb with the open book, he they said, "Thou hast made us, say it with me, kings and priests." The result of the open book makes the people into kings and priests. It's not what it's it's not your birth. It's what the word is molding you into. &gt;&gt; You're already a Christian, but you're being molded into a spiritual king and a spiritual priest. &gt;&gt; Say, "Well, brother Paul, I don't know what that means." That's why I'm telling you, go read what it means because this is what this word is forming into your life. Now, I'm only 14 years old. and I'm only 12. This word is forming you into a spiritual king and a spiritual priest. &gt;&gt; There's no other goal in life should ever be more important than what the word is trying to form us into. &gt;&gt; So when we look at these kings, if they I don't know if they still have that chart, but in this chart, we had 42 kings in the Old Testament. One queen, but all of them men besides the one queen. And there's 42 of them. So, I'm just reminding of this and as you read your Bible, and you know, we got different ones here. I'm going to come into this uh of King of Judah because remember, they had a church split. You know, they were the king of it was just Israel. Then they had a church split and they were the kings of Judah, kings of Israel. And then I'm going to pick it up here in Hezekiah, which is a tremendous revival. And I'll show you why in just a minute. And then we have Manasseh and Ammon. And then who I'm talking about today, Josiah, who had a personal revival. But all of these they had different years that they served. Josiah was eight years old when he began to serve. And uh that was a wonderful thing. Uh you know, and this is how many years they serve. You know, you got some there 29 years. I think it was 34 41. Asa was 41. So he served quite a few years. Uh Hesiah over here was only two years. Uh he served one was just a few months. And I think uh yeah, shalom, he didn't have a very successful time. He served for one month. So the job was that was it. He was done after a month. But but what I was bringing back in I can't remember the message I was preaching about it. But what I was bringing is that is that as you read through these in the Old Testament, you'll see different reactions. And this is how it's worded. And King so and so begin to reign. And he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord. It goes on. And so how many you can raise your hand? That's what I read. He did that which was evil inside of the Lord. So most of them as a matter of fact um I think it was about 19% or or just eight of them out of all of them eight of them is where it was read different where he said and this king begin to reign at 8 years old or at 20 years old and he did that which is right in the sight of the Lord according to what his fathers did. And when he made that decision to to do that which was right in the sight of the Lord, then God could begin to work off of that and begin to bring in the same glory that he originally had in Solomon's temple. They tapped into the glory of God when they just had a heart, soul, mind, and strength to say, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. We're way off track here." &gt;&gt; And they rose to say, "Hold up, everybody. Hold up." And they began to do that which was right in the sight of the Lord. And it doesn't say that God came and told them to do that. Something rose within them inside. And remember, it was only eight out of all 42 kings. So the percentages aren't great here. &gt;&gt; It's very rare to have Christians rise up and and say something more than I want to be a Christian. But they want to rise up to this occasion and say, I'm not going to let the things of the world come into my life. I'm not going to let things destroy. I Hold on a minute. Things are happening. I'm getting off track. I'm declining. Stop all of this. &gt;&gt; It's only eight out of 42. And then there was a few of them, less than that, that began to develop a concern right away for the house of the Lord. And I remember saying in that sermon, and I don't remember very much these days, but I do remember saying, "If you want to find what moves the heart of God in your Bible, you'll find when somebody began to to express their desire for God's house and to clean God's house and to set God's house in order. This just this just moved the heart of God." And Hezekiah did that and he cleaned the house out and he he did everything. They established the or they established the singers. They put all of it back in and God gave them a re a revival under Hezekiah. And then what's interesting enough, and we won't talk anymore about the kings here, but I want to say there's only 19% of of those eight that were concerned about the state of the temple. What is the state of the temple? Everyone everybody wanted to still be called a Jew, a believer, but they didn't. They and they didn't want to be a heathen, but they begin to and this is how they begin to fall. They just like to adapt the heathen ways a little bit. And they didn't want to be a heathen, but they wanted to retain themselves as a Jew, but adapt to the heathen ways. And so now in those in those uh small 19%, they begin to say, "Hey, we want to build rebuild the temple. We want to redo things." And so without me having to read the two chapters about Josiah, I'm giving you that as your homework. It it would be um if you would mark it in your minds to read it. Uh how many would just read it uh this week? First Kings 22 and 23. There's only two chapters dedicated to his life. And we see that Josiah came into a time that he was the the fourth, third, and fourth generation. In other words, if you put that up again, Hezekiah had a revival and then the two kings after Hezekiah, which was Manasseh and Ammon, were terrible, terrible, terrible kings. And they integrated. They they began to allow the house of God to not be addressed. Things were falling apart. Besides the temple falling apart, the worship had stopped. They brought idols of Baal into the temple of God. This is over time now because remember you got you got 55 years of Manasseh, two years of Ammon. So you have quite a few years there. And so what begin to happen? They begin begin to bring in all the idol worship still in the temple of the Lord. So they wanted to retain their identity with Jehovah God, but they wanted to integrate other worship. &gt;&gt; They wanted to borrow the ways of the heathen, but they didn't want to be called a heathen. So the temple of God just got so perverted. And and then and then you have boy I was reading it last night all the stuff all the groves a grove is an idol uh that they put outside of the temple and it begin to grow throughout the land. It's like a little statue whatever and this is where they became a sacred place where they begin to worship that. The Jews begin to worship that. And so then they brought in and then what happened was around around the temple they allowed all the houses in many places to begin to be filled with different uh heathen ways. And one of them was called uh houses of sodomites. Houses of sodomites. Now Sodom is supposed to be in Sodom. But now they had so backslid that they got sodomites living very close to them. &gt;&gt; Sodom websites, &gt;&gt; very close to their lives, too close. &gt;&gt; They had all kinds of priests from the idolatry coming over. They replaced them with the priest of the Lord. I could go on and on. I looked it up last night and some of the statues they had and I'm going to say it plainly although I can't even show you some of the statues that they've that they've dug up from back then of the the Babylonian the worship of Baal. It was many times related to a woman's naked body. I can't even show you some of them in this public audience because it's soft porn. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Isn't it interesting that the great thing today is a wholesale of a woman's body put before this entire world? &gt;&gt; Don't tell me that we're not under the same idolatry. And the emphasis is showing a woman's body to a man and a woman buying to that, buying into that idolatry, showing more of her body in immodesty, &gt;&gt; taking off more clothes. And if she doesn't take them off, she wears a skintight dress to show the form of her body. When I seen those statues, I said, "Oh my goodness, we're there." But it's not statues. It's actually human beings displayed wholesale in front of this. What was it? It's the same idolatry that was back then to cause sons of God to fall. making the woman's body an idol that he can see all the time through on his phone and different things and making the woman come under that spirit that she shows her body to the rest of the world. That's why here we believe in modesty. We believe a woman should cover her body. We believe a woman should not send the message of trying to show more of her body to draw lust from men. We believe modesty because the word has brought us back to that because we are not idol worshippers here. We don't make the woman an idol or her body an idol. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So, I'm way away from my notes here, but Josiah sees all of this and he just he doesn't know all he doesn't act yet on cleaning the house of the Lord. He acts on that later, but he he wants to something comes in his heart to begin to repair the house of the Lord. So in these kings what happened is it started in their heart their hearts the hearts of kings got away from God but then when these come you see when the ones I want to focus on the ones who wanted to restore the temple clean the temple because why and why did God love that because the temple is where worship took place and when you tamper with the temple of God you tamper with worship. worship &gt;&gt; and God hates that &gt;&gt; because he wants our worship, our lives and our worship to be free. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; And if it becomes tainted with sodomites and with sodomite spirits and with idolatry and all kinds of things, it's not free worship. No matter how much you try to worship freely, the temple of God's not free. So, you can't worship freely. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; So now, and many of you are starting to see probably no doubt what I'm talking about this this morning. And that's they when they turned their attention to the house of God and cleaned it and put it in order, it pleased the Lord so much. And so I've come along now in my notes so I can skip down here and come to Hezekiah. And then the next two kings messed up. They perverted the temple in such a terrible way. I don't have time to express it, but you can read it right there. The two kings before Josiah, it was the worst of the worst. Manasseh and Ammon just it declined in that third and fourth. Notice now the third and fourth generation from Hezekiah. It declined worse than it ever got. Except for a young man who rose and he breaks the cycle, the normal cycle of decline. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Josiah said, "I'm going to break this cycle of revival and death." &gt;&gt; I will not allow this decline to continue. &gt;&gt; And the first thing he addressed was the house of the Lord. Cleaning and repairing the house of the Lord. Let me say something to you. Where do you start in getting back to revival? &gt;&gt; This house. because some of you have already caught it. It's the house of the Lord is not that temple in Jerusalem. The house which will be restored someday, but that's not that temple. It's not this church. It's not a building anywhere. The people of the Lord are the house of the Lord. And that's why he loves when somebody sanctifies &gt;&gt; their house &gt;&gt; for worship. A lot of those decisions are made and nobody can see it because back then when Josiah said, "I want you to get what funds do we have left?" I'm paraphrasing because I don't have time to read it. I wish I could. What funds do we have left in the in the kitty here? And they go get all the funds. They said, "Okay, I want you to take all the funds and I want you to employ carpenters. I want you to employ electricians." Well, wait a minute. I'm going too far there. I want you to employ all these contractors and we're going to begin repairing. Now, he's not cleaning yet cuz there's all his idolatry because he don't have that revelation yet. He's just got a revelation to repair the house of the Lord. This is pitiful that we're treating the house of the Lord this way. &gt;&gt; And so, he pays out of the fund all these contractors to come and start repairing the house of the Lord, just looking at it and the what what happened to this what happened to this altar? Nobody's taking care of the house of God. And so, he began to do that and God was already pleased. But guess what happened? Guess what happened? While the men are there repairing, they they look somewhere and they found the book, the scroll. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is how far they had been away from God. That even the scroll, the core of what brought them any revival was lost, hidden. couldn't find it. Now, it's pretty bad. You know, it reminds me of some people with Bibles with dust on them on the shelf at their house. Praise the Lord. Josiah said something rose in him and said he became literally grieved and smitten by the condition of the Lord's house. If there is not problems with that, then you won't seek God for more. In other words, if if we have problems in the Lord's house and it's affecting the worship, we won't seek for God more. You understand what I'm saying? Something has to rise up and be literally grieved and smitten by the condition of the Lord's house. That's where revival starts. And if if if there's not problems with that, then if there's problems with that, then you won't seek God for more. Uh Francis Chan uh minister said, "The world needs Christians who don't tolerate the complacency of their own lives." &gt;&gt; The world needs Christians. I don't know if you have that quote there or not. Needs Christians who don't tolerate the complacency of their own lives. So now I'm asking you to read 2 Kings 22 and 23, but I've just brought it into points of what happens in chapter 22 4-7. He completely repairs the house of God. Josiah sent once to get the funds, directed all the funds to the full repair of the temple. His intention was to clean and repair the temple of God. He was not praying yet for God to send the glory down. He wanted to repair the temple first. Is anybody listening this morning? He wasn't praying yet for God to send the glory down because you can't ask for the glory to come down when the temple needs to be repaired. &gt;&gt; First things first, sanctification first. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He wasn't saying, "God, send a revival. Send your send your glory like you did the days of Solomon." You can't do that when you're looking at a temple that's full of idolatry and full of repairs that need to be made and full of things to be addressed. And so you say in this day, you would say, "God, come and sanctify this temple. Come and sanctify my mind. God, clean me. Send your Holy Spirit first to cleanse my temple." Amen. &gt;&gt; Second chapter 22:8 through10 he surprisingly finds the a book the book in the house of God. You know they can they say you can find some pretty amazing things when you clean your house thoroughly. Some maids have said that they found some very interesting things that the owners of the home thought was amazing. Some one maid said she found a 1980s Polaroid camera still loaded with the film. Some found a stack of handwritten love letters. Boy, that's wonderful. Some found a guitar pick in the couch and the owner said, "I've been looking for that guitar pick for years." It's amazing. Uh the conversation this morning bringing uh Ellie to Sunday school and her dad had said, "Brother Paul, we got issues with mice again coming in the garage." I get all frustrated with that because I didn't invite them. I know it's getting cold and that's why they're coming. I did not invite them. And why? because this is my house and I take care of enough grandkids and and people and I feed enough people and I keep them warm. I pay the electric bill. I pay the gas bill. I've got enough on my hands. I'm not going to take care of an entire woods of mice that need to keep warm in the winter. I'm sorry. Go somewhere else. Go to another house. And I And so Ellie and I had this long conversation about it. I said, "I'm going to have to get some killer. We're going to have to get them out because I only want Ellie. This house is to keep you warm. This house is to keep us warm, not the mice. So she said, "Well, maybe we can get some coats for the mice so they can stay warm." And unfortunately, I had to say, "You know what? I God will take care of the mice and their warmth. I'm not going to take care of them. They've got to go for several other reasons also that we won't talk about. They leave things, you know, places. You know, Jesus said in Luke 15:8, "Either what woman having 10 pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, do not light a candle and sweep the house and seek diligently until she find it." &gt;&gt; What's that talking about? It's talking about sanctification. It's talking about you lost something, but there's such a heart to diligently seek and sweep the house until you find it. &gt;&gt; He needs that diligence concern. And notice, did you notice that what she lost was within her own house? She didn't have to go to the church to get it. &gt;&gt; Under the mystery of God, I might as well say it. Everything that you need is within you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Paul said it's Christ in you, the hope of glory. &gt;&gt; But if something gets lost, and she only lost one of the the coins, one of the coins. I teach this to young people and she lost one of the coins and those went back to the the went back to her what she was as a single person the the coins of her purity and things like that. And she got desperate because if she couldn't prove with those coins to her husband, it shows there was some impurities. So to keep that in place, she had to have that there. And so she said, "If I lost it, I've got to find it. Let's see the diligence to sweep the house. I'm not going to do anything else until this is till I find what's lost." &gt;&gt; Listen, it was within our own house. Josiah found the book, not over in some other heathen land. He found the book within God's house, &gt;&gt; but it was covered over. It was it was lost. It wasn't appreciated. It wasn't brought to the forefront. It was completely gone. And this was the key to revival is to get that book. They brought that book out. The second point here is that he surprisingly found a book in the house of God. Excuse me. Number three. Oh, let me finish. Wait, wait, let me finish Luke 15. It's It's wonderful. Verse 9. And when she had found it, Luke 15:9, when she found it, she called her friends and her neighbors together, saying, "Rejoice with me, for I have found the peace which I have lost." Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It even brings joy to heaven when a lost one comes back home. Why? We should be the same way. Can you say, "Amen." Why should be we be rejoicing? Something that's lost gets found again. According to Jesus, there's great joy that comes when someone is diligent to clean the house and they're going to find the lost ones. Whatever was lost in your life, whatever has been lost in your life and covered up. Are you listening to me this morning? Whatever. Maybe you had something, but whatever's lost, whatever's covered up, maybe you got away from the Lord for years, God is calling to sweep your house, your house. &gt;&gt; Don't say if I need to go get it at a convention or a camp meeting. No, no, he it's within you somewhere. It's just covered up. &gt;&gt; You know, great joy comes when somebody begins to find that there ought to be more joy. Can you say amen? There ought to be joy like the angels of someone who was gone for years, but they're finding God again. &gt;&gt; We ought to shout over that. Can you say amen? They find the book, they dust it off, they bring it to the king, the priest brings it to the king. You know, that's when God is working with the priest and the preachers and the scribes and everyone to get the book to the people. Why? You can't have a revival without the word. It takes a young person sold out and ready to clean God's house. And then it takes the word, a young man, Josiah. It takes a young person. Takes anybody. But let me emphasize the youth. All it takes is a young person to get the fervor in your heart to clean God's house. I don't mean come and be the maintenance man here. I mean your house. &gt;&gt; What are you letting in your house? What are you looking at at your on your phone? &gt;&gt; When I talk to young people, I go to that scripture about sexual things in first Corinthians. And you know the Paul the way Paul brings it, he says he talks about your vessel and he says it's not right to take your vessel that it's a temple and sell it to prostitutes. It would be wrong to do that because why? Because it's you're the temple of the Holy Ghost. And if somebody does not get that revelation of what your temple is, you will think the temple is when you go to church or when you go to camp. But Paul's saying, "No, no, you need the revelation. This is the final resting place of the Holy Ghost. This is the temple." And you can't take a room of the temple. You can't take a section of the temple and rent it out. It all belongs to him. Amen. &gt;&gt; It all must be cleaned out for him. &gt;&gt; So a young man becomes sold out to clean the house. The next thing he does, chapter 22, I'm moving through these points now. Chapter 22 10-11 says it speaks of the book is open to the young king. This is a great great thing. The book is open. So the book has to be open. This word can't be open to just preachers. It has to be open to all of you. The book has to be opened to you by revelation. I know it was opened in book Revelations chapter 5. I know it was open then by the lamb, but it has to be opened supernaturally to you. &gt;&gt; How will I know? We'll see the fruits from your life that the book has been opened. You'll come to a church and hear a preacher say, "The lamb has opened the book and broken the seals off the book. It's been brought back to the people and it's been open to the people." You'll hear me preach that. But my question is, has it been open to you? &gt;&gt; It's not good enough. It's just open to the dispensation. It's got to be open to you. And this is what Josiah sat there and that priest took it and he opened that scroll to him. And then he began to read it. The book has to be open to you. Chapter 22 11 says, here's his reaction to the opening of the book. That priest began to read that book to him and personally he was smitten. He he he rent his clothes. Uh what rent and what that means is repentance. Renting some of these clothes is not just physically tearing your garment. That's what he did. But it's a symbolic act of deep grief, mourning and anguish. Josiah come into a place of mourning and anguish because he's reading this book and he's seeing how far away the people of God are and the temple is away from the original thing &gt;&gt; and it's affecting him. It's it's making him grieve. He rents his clothes. This custom of renting the clothes represented profound sorrow over loss, disaster, or wrongdoing and was often accompanied by other signs like wearing sackcloth. Job did that. While it was a significant expression of emotion, prophets later contrasted this outward ritual with the importance of an inner heartfelt transformation of repentance. It's not just that you repent, but there's a transformation that comes from your repentance. &gt;&gt; That's repentance. He rent his clothes. I'm He was deeply affected by the word. He was How many would just agree with me? Just raise your hands now. Don't let me, Lord, just hear your word. Let me be affected by this word. Don't let this Sunday be another Sunday. I can hear good preaching, but God, open this book to me and let me be affected by it. Let there come an urgency in my heart. And that's what he wept. Rent closed. He wept to see how far the temple and the people were away from God. How far he was away from God. And he said, "I'm the king here. I'm in a position to do something. Look how far we are away." So it starts with me. It start the revival starts with me. What made him see what made him see is that book being opened and made him see the true identity. And I've preached this. The opening of the lamb's book of life shows the true identity. And when it happened to Josiah, he's seen the true original identity of the Lord's house. He's seen the identity of himself. Oh, here I am. I'm positioned. I'm the king. I can do this. God will anoint me to do it. And he's seen the identity of the people. The book revealed his true identity, the church's true identity, and the identity of the temple. &gt;&gt; The book, it's not because he went to church. He found in the book his identity. Moving on, the next thing that happens chapter 22 13- 14 he seeks for the Lord the Lord for for the word for himself. The next point chapter 22:15 to20 I can send these to you these scriptures. He breaks the cycle of the curse and gets a personal revival in his time in his season. I want a revival now. I want to change now. Nobody's with me. I'm going to do it. Notice where it rings the revival. He seeks, he begins to seek God. It's the book that's open to him. Can you say amen? And the desire to change the temple. This is a revival. How many remember brother Brandham said, I I think 10 or 20 times he's at Lake Michigan and he's watching the waves and sometimes those waves get real big, don't they, Michael? You know that Lake Michigan, you were just over there catching all that big salmon and all that. Uh, you guys, you people got to see some pictures of fish this guy got. Anybody who doesn't want to, you ought to go with him to get some big fish. Brother Tom, we haven't got any big fish yet, we got to go with Michael. That's just a little side note. You see, in Lake Michigan with all the waves, he says, "Why has that happened? What's the purpose?" And it seems like a revival. And that's what they view revival. all the waves of the Holy Spirit coming. He said, "But you don't see what the waves are doing. It's blowing up all the trash out of the water up to the shore." He said, "That's what a revival is, &gt;&gt; is to get all the trash out &gt;&gt; because then you don't have to worry about the enthusiasm, the excitement, the spirit of freedom in your heart, feeling free to serve the Lord because the trash is out, the idolatry is out, the temple is ready for the glory to come down to." &gt;&gt; The judgments on the nation, I want you to notice something. And I can't read all these, but the judgments on the nation are not going to change. But God will honor his tender heart because they he sends the book to and tells a prophetist what he wants to do. And the prophetist prophesies and she says this is in chapter 22:15-22. She says the judgments of God are not going to change on Judah because of their rebellion. But she says, "Because of your tender heart towards this book," is what she says, "Towards this word and your desire during your days will be a revival." &gt;&gt; Notice the power of somebody just saying he's even holding off the How many know we're living in a day when the judgments of God are pending on this world? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're not going to change that. It's coming. It's not if, it's when. &gt;&gt; So, you're not going to change that word of the Lord. But notice the power we have when we give our lives to God. When we seek him with all of our heart. When we're in the book and the book is open to us and we're saying, "Lord, clean my house to serve you." This season of Josiah became a personal revival. &gt;&gt; Even though judgment was still looming. &gt;&gt; The power of that is amazing. Friends, in chapter 23, moving along, he reads it to the others and they all make a covenant. You can read that. This is what happens to a person with a true revival. It comes out to others. I'm not ashamed of the gospel. I'm not ashamed of the word. I'll read it in front of everybody. Josiah didn't just say, "I'm going to read this just in my own my own house." No, I'm going to read it to everybody. See who's on board with me. I'm identified with this book because it's identified me. We're going to do this. Nothing is going to stop us. When John gets the book and eats it, it's not just for him. He said he would prophesy again to many kindreds, tongues, and nations. When God opens the book, it'll do something for you, but the revival will spread to other people. &gt;&gt; Chapter 23 verse4 through 24, he takes the book and drives out every demon and influence of idolatry. I You can't believe all the stuff. He not only drove them out, he crushed every idol. You know what? He didn't just take a a sledgehammer and crack the idol. He took it and had all his servants with him take every idol and pound them to powder and ashes. &gt;&gt; And some of the ashes he took and put on the bones of the priest that he had burnt. &gt;&gt; What's that saying? He's serious about cleaning house. &gt;&gt; Just grind it to power powder. I don't want any of this near us. I don't even want to see one evidence of it being around here. Praise the Lord. I hope you catch it. &gt;&gt; God was pleased with that diligence. It's not just saying, "Oh, I need to I need to slow down from what I'm watching here." You need to you might need to stop watching it &gt;&gt; for the rest of your life. &gt;&gt; You might need to grind it to powder. &gt;&gt; That's hard preaching, Brother Paul. Clean your house, which is God's house. This house is his house. This house is his house. This house is his house. And we need a zeal and a passion. I hope you remember the King of Kings. We talked about all the kings, some that clean the house of the Lord. But did you know the King of Kings came into the temple one day and seen the money changers &gt;&gt; and they quoted the scripture? What's he doing? And he grabbed a whip, put a whip together, and he whipped them out of the house of God. And somebody quoted the scripture, "The zeal from Psalms." The zeal of thine house has eaten me up. &gt;&gt; He become angry, righteous anger at the perversions and the money changers. He said, "This is not supposed to be happening in God's house." Amen. &gt;&gt; He whipped them out. King of kings. He cleaned up the temple. Josiah grind them to powder. What kind of zeal is this? Then the next point, the last one is chapter 23 and verse 7, tore down the houses of the sodomites that were close to God. Let me just say, it's amazing how close Sodom had moved in around the house of God. And when he went and burnt down the houses of the Sodommites, that's what he did. Destroyed the houses of the Sodommites living close to the house of God. It was a it became a personal revelation to them that Sodom should never be this close to God's temple. I don't have any more strength to preach this now. It became a revelation that Sodom and the spirit of Sodom should never ever be this close to the house of the Lord. &gt;&gt; And he tore those houses down. The Sodommites, the websites &gt;&gt; takes a revelation &gt;&gt; because see a lot of people said if I can just they're okay as long as they don't come in the temple. No, they live too close &gt;&gt; to the temple. You want to be a sodomite, you want you belong in Sodom. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; That stuff is not meant for you. It's meant for sodomites. &gt;&gt; Why are you looking at stuff that's not meant for you? It's meant for sodomites. And if you're not a sodomite, why are they living close to your house? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Luther, Martin Luther said, "All the cunning of the devil is exercised in trying to tear us away from the word." Can you say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; All the cunning of the devil's exercised and trying to tear us away the word because that's the revival. Josiah broke the cycle. He interrupted the normal cycle of death and revival. Give me just about 10 more minutes if you would. Josiah interrupted the normal cycle of death and revival. He interrupted and says, "No, we're going to stop. We're going to stop this. We're going to clean God's temple." He said, "I'm not a statistic. I'm not like the the kings before me. I'm not I'm not going to take let this decline take over. I'm not a normal person. I'm a son of God." The book caused him to catch fire and the zeal began to eat him up with desire with desire to connect with God and find out what this word was really for. Brother Bram says, "We're not building an organization. I'm not here this morning to build an organization. Christ never sent me to build an organization. Christ sent me to build individuals to the stature of Jesus Christ." That this is what the message is for. &gt;&gt; Never to make a denomination. The second and third, fourth generation try to say, "Let's try to make this. This is our belief. This is a movement." No, no, no. Don't do that with the message. Don't say I'm in the message. Say I want the message in me. The message is Christ revealed. &gt;&gt; Let's lose this term being in the message. Oh, that person, that young person, they left the message. Well, it's probably because the message Christ was never in them. &gt;&gt; You see, it's a comfort blank. Say, I'm in I'm in the group. I go to where? No, no, we got to stop all that &gt;&gt; because brother Brandham himself says, "I'm not here to build an organization. Christ sent me to build what? Individuals." What's the revival? Individual revivals. &gt;&gt; He sent me to build individuals to the stature of Jesus Christ that they might be the powerhouse and the dwelling place of the spirit. How many raise your hand and say, "God, make me a powerhouse for your spirit &gt;&gt; by his word." See, build up the individual to that place. Not building an organization to the greater denomin to a greater denomination, but build the individual to sons and daughters of God. That's the idea. &gt;&gt; Another place in thirst, he says, you call for revivals, you wait for the church to have a revival. Well, that ain't the revival for you. The revival ought to begin right in you. When you begin to thirst for God, there might not be another member of the church wanting that revival. If it breaks out in you, it will break out other places. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I want to make one more point. I didn't put it in the points of Josiah, but I read it in the text this morning. And it said, the king, verse 21 of chapter 23, the king commanded all the people, saying, keep the Passover unto the Lord your God as is written in the book. Surely there was not holden such a Passover from the days of the judges. You know what that's saying? The feast of the Passover was so ignored since all the way back to the judges. This special 7-day feast. And you know what it was about? It's to get together and remember and tell our kids and feel feel what it's like to be in bondage and feel what it's like to be out. And God said, "Every year you come back and celebrate the feast of tab, feast of excuse me, Passover." And Josiah said, "Hey, hey, we have lost this, but we need to bring this one back because we re we've been in bondage again." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Friends, they were back in bondage living in Jerusalem, but they were in bondage by idols. And he said, "Just like we were in under Pharaoh, now we're in bondage again." Is anybody listening to this, but if we're not careful, you say, "I come out of denominations. I come out of the world years ago, but Satan can still have you in bondage." &gt;&gt; And he said, "We're bringing this feast of Passover. We're going to do it just like, but we want our children to know something's happening. There's a revival happening, and that is we've been in bondage for two kings, but we're coming out of bondage. and we're feeling what it's like to be free. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to bring this one back and they said there wasn't anything since the day of the judges and I bet that was the greatest Passover seven days with the families as it had ever been because why? A revival struck. They're having the feeling they cleaned the house, cleaned everything out, got rid of the house of sodomites, got and they're having this feeling of revival. I like to feel the feeling of revival. &gt;&gt; There's nothing wrong with it, but you can't get to it until the houses are cleaned out. &gt;&gt; They're feeling what it like. What's it like? We got that song. This is how it feels to be free. That's what they're they're saying, children, we're celebrating here because this is how it feels to be free. Come here, Stevie. I told Stevie to stay in these handcuffs the whole time I preached because I wanted Stevie to have the feeling of what it's like. He's a pretty exuberant person. He says amen to me. He raises his hand. He's into the service. But it was more difficult today because he's bound the whole entire service. How was it, Stevie? &gt;&gt; Pretty bad. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Held back. I wanted him to experience what it's like. And anybody who's ever felt like you're in bondage, you can't be free in your worship. Something's wrong. You know the feeling of that. But now I'm going to let Stevie know another feeling and we'll just let him express that after a whole service being like this. &gt;&gt; I'm free. Feel pretty good. &gt;&gt; Oh, it feels amazing. &gt;&gt; You want to do anything else? You want to do anything else? Feels pretty free. &gt;&gt; I don't know if I can. &gt;&gt; Girls will still like you. Sure hope so. &gt;&gt; Nobody can underestimate the feeling of what it's like to be free. &gt;&gt; This is how it feels to be free. This is what it feels [Applause] Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's stand together. [Music] &gt;&gt; Come on, Gideon. You got to come and sing. [Music] &gt;&gt; We need to bring it up or not? This is how it feels to be free. This is what it means to know that I am forgiven. This is how it feels to be free. To see that light more than I imagine. This is how it feels. This is how it feels to be free. Amen. This is how it feels to be free. This is what it means to know that I am forgiven. This is how it feels to be free. &gt;&gt; To see that life can be more than I imagine. This is how it feels to be free. This is how it feels to be free. [Music] Oh, there's a wall that has been standing since the day that Adam fell. Sin is where it started. Sin is where it hell. Speaking as a prisoner who was there to live, to tell. I remember how it fell. Yes. I could hear the sound of freedom like a distant voice who called and beckoned me to follow where I had never gone. And though my heart is willing, I just stood there at the wall praying somehow it would fall. But at the cross I found the doorway and a handheld held the key. And when the chains fell at my feet, for the first time I could see. Oh, this is how it feels to be free. This is what it means to know that I am forgiven. This is how it feels to be free. To see life can be more than I imagine. This is how it feels to be free. Oh, this is how it feels to be free. Oh, oh, this is how it feels to be free. This is what it means to know that I am forgiven. This is how it feels to be free. To see that life can be more than I imagine. This is how it feels to be free. This is how it feels to be free. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Can we just have a time of prayer? God bless you as you bow your heads just a minute. I believe that I've I believe given a a starting place for anybody. And where we start is to look at ourselves and say, "Where is my vessel? Where is my temple? Where is it at right now?" Only you can do that and take a look at it. And something moves you this morning, I'd just take it to the Lord. I'd say, "Lord, would you help me to sanctify and clean what needs to be cleaned? Would you do that this morning?" If you want a starting place, sometimes we want to jump right to what we think revival is. But I'd say everybody raised your hand and said, "I want a personal revival." Like Josiah, I'm not waiting for the church to have revival. I want it to start in me. I want to see something more in my life. I believe the starting place is just say, "Lord, what is it that you can come and take and free me up so your glory can fill this place?" Father, may the people do that, Lord. May the people of God and maybe there's an unbeliever here this morning. May they know that you love them greatly. You went to Calvary for them, Lord. May they know, Lord, this isn't just a religion or something, Lord. This is the living Christ that wants to introduce yourself to them, Lord. And whether they're a teenager, they're an older person, doesn't matter. Oh God, you long for them to be free and that they be a temple of the Holy Ghost, dedicated holy to you. We dedicated a baby this morning to you, Lord. But God is a greater dedication. We dedicate all of ourselves, all the temples of God, all the vessels that are here. Oh God, would you take us this morning, Father? Bless and anoint each one, Lord, with thy word. take them into a a place, Lord, that such a fervor and passion for this word would begin to burn in them. That's why it says the zeal of my house has eaten me up. The zeal of thine house, it's eating us, Lord. May may you bring it that way that it's just we're burning up with your precious word, Lord, and what it means to us. And all those words that John Wesley said, start on fire and let the world come and watch you burn. Oh God, start a fire within our hearts and the world will see a true revival, the bride's revival. Because of the opening of the book, something stirs our hearts and changes our hearts. Bless everyone, Lord. I pray, take these words, may they go home with them, Lord, as we worship you in spirit and truth in Jesus precious name. Amen. Everybody said, "Amen." I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it to everyone else. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I've been touched by. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. So let the world come watch my house. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it until everyone has heard. Jesus blinded all my darkness. Sparked my heart within. His grace and mercy lit a passion consume my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop. I'll shine through the night. I am a lamp made for his glory. I will not hide. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. So, let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shouting to everyone. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shouting to everyone has. I've been touched. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. And this love will never be extinguished. It's alive and wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. Oh, his spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. So, let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. Oh, I've been touched by the fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. I can. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Oh, I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I've been touched. I've been touched by the fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shouting from the rooftop, shouting till everyone has heard. Oh, I've been touched by fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, Lord. You found me. You heal me. You called me from the grave. Gave me a real love. I thank you, Jesus. You washed my sins away. And now I'm living like I'm forgi. You came and set me free. Oh, that's what your mercy did for me. Lord, you found Lord, you found me. You healed me. You called me from the grave. Gave me a real love like you, Jesus. You wash my sins away. And now I'm living like I'm forgi. Came and set me free. That's what your mercy did for me. Oh, I was hopeless. I knew I was lost. Oh, and death and darkness were my only songs. Oh, I needed someone to come rescue me. And mercy heard my bleed. And Lord, you found me. You healed me. You called me from the grave. Gave me a real love. I thank you, Jesus. You wash my sins away. Oh, now I'm living like I'm forgi. Came and set me free. That's what your mercy did for me. Oh, you gave me beauty for my guilty stains. Yes, Lord. Oh, and now I'm living day today by his grace. Yes, Lord. Oh, so excuse me if I can't contain my praise cuz I know that I've been saved. Thank you, Lord. You found me. You healed me. You called me from the grave. Gave me a real love. I thank you, Jesus. Wash my sins away. Oh, now I'm living like I'm forgi. Came and set me free. That's what your mercy did for me every morning. Oh, every morning mercy will restore me I will proclaim. [Music] Oh, and even if the world may fall before me, I will proclaim. Lord, you found me. You heal me. You called me from the grave. Gave me real love. I thank you, Jesus. Wash my sins away. Oh, now I'm living like I'm forgi. Came and set me free. That's what your mercy did for me. Oh, that's what your mercy did for me. Oh, that's what your mercy did for me. Hallelujah. [Music] Bless God. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the Lord. Freedom in the room. There's freedom in the room today. I feel freedom in the room. There is freom in the room. I feel freedom in the room today. [Music] Oh, when he's in the room, all the things don't say the same. I feel Jesus in the room today. I feel Jesus. Oh, I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room today. And when he's in the room, things won't stay the same. I feel Jesus in the room today. There is healing. Oh, healing in the room. There's healing in the room. Healing in the room today. Healing for your heart. Healing for all the pain. There's still healing in the room today. Next one. Oh, deliverance in the room. There's deliverance in the room. Deliverance in the room today. Hallelujah. For the chain that have me bound, they are falling to the ground. There's deliverance in the room today. Thank you, Lord. Oh, there's forgiveness in the room. There's forgiveness in the room. Forgiveness in the room today. I can see the father. Say, "Welcome home, my son." There's forgiveness in the room today. I feel Oh, I feel Jesus in the room. Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room today. [Music] Oh, when he's in the room, things won't stay the same. I feel Jesus in the room today. [Music] And I won't go back. Can't go back to the way you used to be. Before your presence came and changed me. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came and changed me. I won't go. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be. for your presence came and changed me. I won't die now. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be. Before your presence came and changed me. Oh, I've been I've been changed. Oh, here he I'm free, delivered, and I found joy, peace, [Music] grace, and favor. Oh, and right now, right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. [Music] I've been changed. I have waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass me by. So we say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came and changed me. No, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came and changed me. All my shame, all the guilt, all the sins forgiven. No more chains, no more fear. [Music] My past is over and right now. Oh, right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. Oh, I've been changed. I have waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass. [Music] So I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came and changed me. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came. Oh, I won't. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came. Change me. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came and changed me. [Music] If you got pain, he's a pain. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Oh, if you got pain, he's a pain. Oh, if you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Oh, [Music] you've been walked in the same old road for miles and miles. If you've been hearing the same old voice, tell the same old lies. What if you're trying to fill the same old holes inside? There's a better life. Oh, there's a better life. If you got pain, he's a pain. Oh, if you feel lost, he's a way maker. Oh, if you need freedom or saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Oh, we've all searched for the light of the day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fire. We've all run the things we know just ain't right. Oh, there's a better life. There's a better life. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. Oh, if you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Oh, if you got pain, he's a pain taker. Oh, if you feel lost, he's a way maker. Oh, if you need freedom to save it, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Oh, if you believe it, you receive it. Oh, you can feel it. Somebody testify. Oh, if you believe it. Oh, you receive it. If you can feel it, somebody testify. Oh, if you believe it, you'll receive it. If you can feel it, somebody testify. Oh, if you believe it, then you'll receive it. If you can feel it, somebody testify. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, oh, he's a way maker. Oh, if you need freedom saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. You need freedom. You need freedom save. He's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. [Music] Oh, [Music] take it up one. Jesus breaks every fatter. Jesus praise be fed. Jesus praise every f and he set [Music] me free. Jesus breaks every f. [Music] Jesus breaks [Laughter] every feather. Jesus praise every f [Music] and he set me free. I am now on [Music] the altar. I am now on the altar. [Music] I am now on the altar. Thank you, Lord. Which was made just for me. Oh, I will never doubt my savior. [Music] I will never doubt my savior. [Music] I will never doubt my savior for he cleanses me. Yes, Lord Jesus. I will rest on his promise. I will rest on his promise. [Music] I will rest on his promise which is given to me. Oh, I will shout hallelujah. [Music] I will shout hallelujah. [Music] I will shout hallelujah [Music] for he set me free. Jesus breaks for him. [Music]
