################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 2025.05.25 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Managing Cravings - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    2025.05.25 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Managing Cravings
Speaker:  Paul LaFontaine
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 11m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WqWiHEs5ZM
========================================

Description:
0:00 Opening
4:05 Preservice Worship
10:58 Opening Prayer
11:27 Preservice Worship
28:01 Preservice
32:13 Special - I Love This Livin' For Him
36:15 Special - Ready to Move
39:58 Preservice Worship
41:02 Preservice
41:42 Sermon
1:46:35 Postservice Worship
1:48:50 Congregational Prayer
1:50:34 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's go. [Music] Where you go? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] And he sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Let's all stand and sing that first verse. I have first verse. I have a maker. Yes, Lord. He formed He formed my heart [Music] before even time began. My life was in his hands. Sing I have a father. Sing that second verse. I have a father. I have a father. Yes, Lord. He calls me his own. He calls me his own. Do you believe this this morning? He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, with all your heart this morning, he knows. He knows my name. [Music] And he knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when. Aren't you glad this morning? Sing it one more time. He knows. He knows my name. And he knows my every heart. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. Before we pray, let's just sing this one. King of glory. fill this place. I just want to be with you. Yes, Lord. Is that your desire to this morning? Oh, yes. King of glory, king of glory, fill this place. I just want to be with you. Oh, I just want to be with you. King of glory. Oh, king of glory. [Applause] [Laughter] [Music] I just want to be with you. Can we take it up one? Oh, I just want to be Can we take it up one key? Yes, the world. Yes. The world will bow down and say you are God. Every man. Every man. Bow down and say you are Jesus. the star. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I just want I just want to be like this. Yes. The world. Oh yes. The world will bow down and say you are God. Yes. Every man. Every man will bow down and say you are king. So let's start. Oh, so let's start right now. Why? This is what you got to do. You [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Sing hallelujah. [Music] So we sing hallelujah until you come again. Is that what you come to do? Oh [Music] your presence until you come again. We'll sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to come again. Oh, and we'll dance in your presence to come. King of glory last time. Oh, king of glory. Oh, fill this place. I just want to be with you. Oh, just want to be with you. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. That's our desire. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. If we could have the we could have our pastor come now and start ministering the word now. Praise the Lord. What a good start. Praise the Lord. God is so good. Brother Raph, would you come up and lead us in a word of prayer this morning? Amen. Amen. Is that your desire? Amen. For him to come and not just this building cuz this building will fall someday, but this internal building. Come fill this place, Lord. Amen. God bless you. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for the privilege of gathering together in your name, Lord. We just worship you today, Lord. We just ask that you would come, Lord, and be with us, Father. May we just clear our spirits, Lord, of anything that's happened over the week, oh God. We just want to begin a new, Lord. I pray that you would have your way in this service, Lord. Sing through us, worship through us, Lord. Speak to us. We pray, oh God, in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord. Let's sing uh let's sing this morning freedom to worship. Amen. We have liberty in the presence of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this song this morning. You may we got a lot here this morning. Why don't we go and greet each other? Not that I whether we have a lot or a little, I'm still going to have you guys go greet each other so you're not getting out of it. Let's sing that freedom. Oh, freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his freedom ways, freedom to sing, freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I taste the freedom. Oh, freedom. Freedom to worship. Freedom to praise. Freedom to walk in. Freedom ways. Freedom to sing. Freedom to dance. I haven't given a second chance. I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I tasted freedom. [Music] Freedom to worship. Freedom to worship. Freedom to praise. Freedom to walk in. Freedom ways. Freedom to sing. Freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I tasted freedom. First verse. I'm not a prisoner. Oh, I'm not a prisoner anymore. Yes, Lord. My soul and joy has been restored. Jesus, he broke up the chains that once held me. Oh, the sun has made me free. Now we have freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in, freedom to praise, freedom to sing, freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I taste the freedom. His love destroyed. Oh, his love destroyed my cage of sin. Hallelujah. Oh, with just one touch, I'm new again. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm no longer bound by anything. each day. Oh, each day I will let freedom. Oh, freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in, freedom, freedom to sing, freedom to dance. I have been gi second chance. I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I tast the freedom. [Music] Oh, freedom to worship. Freedom to worship. Freedom to sing. I have a second chance. I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I taste the freedom. Oh, I tasted freedom. I tasted freedom. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Praise the Lord. Man, time flies. Time flies. Praise the Lord. Amen. I had this song in my heart this morning. Um it was mentioned I think last week, but order my steps in your word. That's where I want to be. KFC, I think. Yeah. Order my steps. All right. That's where I want to be. Oh, maybe not. Order my steps in your word, dear Lord. Lead me, guide me every day. Send your anointing. Father, I pray. Order my steps in your word. Yes, Lord. Please order my steps in your word. Order my steps. Oh, order my steps in your word, dear Lord. Lead me, guide me every day. Send your anointing, Father, I pray, order my steps in your word. Yes, Lord. Please order my steps in your I want to walk. Oh, I want to walk worthy. Yes, Lord. Oh, according to thy word. Please order my steps, Lord. I'll do your blessed will. This world is ever changing. Hallelujah. But you are still the same. Please order my steps. Thank you, Lord. And I'll praise your name. Think about it. Humbly I ask, oh, humbly I ask thee, teach me your will. While you are working, help me be still. Though Satan is busy, my God is real. Order my steps in your word. Oh, please order my steps. Sing bridle my tongue. Bridle my tongue. Oh, bridle my tongue. Let my words edify. Let the words of my mouth be acceptable in thy sight. Take charge of my thoughts both day and night. Please order my steps in your word. Please order my steps in your word. I want I want to walk worthy. Hallelujah. According to thy word, please order my steps. Oh, I do your blessing will. This world is ever changing. Oh God, you are still the same. Please order my steps and I'll praise your name. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. My chains are gone. Let's sing that. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. Let's all stand and sing it this morning. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind but now it was grace. Second verse. Oh was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace all my fears. [Music] How precious did that grace appear. Here I first believe. Now my chains are gone and my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior [Music] me. [Music] His mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Next one. Through many dangerous toys to snares I have already come. His grace has brought me safe. A strong grace and grace. It will lead me home. My chains, all my chains are gone. I'll be set free. I am my sior [Applause] [Music] on me. Oh, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amaz. My chains are gone. Sing it with confidence this morning. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior. [Music] Oh, [Music] his mercy rings. Unending love. Amazing grace. Unending love. Unending love. Amazing grace. Last time. Unending. Unending love, amazing grace, [Music] Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary as the prayer request would come this morning. Pure and holy, [Music] tried and true, and with thanksgiving, [Music] I'll be a living sanctuary [Music] for you last our Lord. Lord prepare me to be a sanctuary, oh pure and holy, tried and true, and Lord, wonderful Savior, I know for Sure. All of my days are held in your hands, crafted into your perfect plan. Oh, you gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all of my life through your eyes. [Music] I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Why don't you lift your hands and sing it this morning? Lord take me, mold me, use me, fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Lord, you call me and you guide me. You me [Music] [Applause] [Music] to the potter sand. Take me. Hold me. [Music] Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. I give my life to my hand. [Music] Draw me. [Music] Lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the father's hand. Amen. Amen. And amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Welcome all of our visitors this morning. God bless you. I'm going to have my sister Sherry come. And Sharon, if you'd come and Isaac and uh what happens is is if there's nobody planned a special then we sing. So, we're going to sing something this morning. Praise the Lord. I wanted to say though, um just uh just a couple of things. I know that we have some graduates this year and so I thought we'd honor them. We did Wednesday night for Isabelle, but I think Alyssa, you're gra you're graduating this year, Esther Ball. And if I'm missing anybody and Isabelle, and if there's anybody else graduating from high school or from college or from kindergarten, Anybody that's graduating, stand up. We're going to give you a hand. We congratulate you this morning. Stand up. Listen, she's not here. Oh, okay. Okay. God bless you. Congratulations. Awesome. Thank you so much for your hard work in making it to this stage. Praise the Lord. We just encourage you and we just I think a couple years we forgot there. Just wanted to mention that and we appreciate your accomplishments. May God bless you and make sure you get that across to Alyssa if you would. Praise the Lord. Yeah. I also wanted to say that this is Memorial Day and uh tomorrow and it's to honor those who have given their lives for our country and our freedom. And so if any uh of you have a a loved one that's served in that, we appreciate them. We show our appreciation to them and and we just honor them. But there are also some uh vet not not veterans but those who have given their lives for the cross of Jesus Christ and the message of the last days. And I also like to honor them. My dad was one of them. Brother John Lef Fontaine and he gave his life for this last day's message. He died believing it and uh served the Lord through this message his whole life. The Lord Jesus. Um, I might mention brother uh uh Ron Ball, I believe, is another veteran. Brother Gary Denman. I mentioned some that were in our church. Gary Denman was he wasn't even a minister, but he died believing this message with all of his heart. Wanted to mention Cliff Bird. I believe that he should be appreciated for his life on this earth. Believe in the Lord with all of his heart in this message. um William Chandler was one of the first ones in our church and uh helped me start the church and helped start a building fund. And a lot of the reason we saved up enough money to get into a place like this was years ago when brother Chandler had that. He wasn't a minister either, but he sure believed this message and supported me preaching it. And those early days, a lot of you don't know him, but we've had a lot of uh veterans of the gospel of Christ and the message pass away even within our own assembly. Um, Steve Johnson believed this message with all his heart. He's an assistant minister with me here for many years and we appreciate his life and his legacy that he left. Jim Browning, the Hannah are here today from Brother Sam's church and he was another one as well. Praise the Lord for these men. Praise the Lord for these legacies they've left us and we thank God that they believed it with all their heart. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. Remember, our special meeting is coming up in June. Now, we're starting to announce them. We have a Saturday night meeting. I think it's June 21st. Somebody have to help me out. June 21st, uh 20th, 21st or is that the 19th? Uh we have somebody checked that date for us. They might have a flyer for it. I'm not sure. Brother, uh Brother Diggs will be with us Saturday night at 6. And then brother Hol Lori, if you haven't heard him, he'll be a blessing. Uh, and then we'll have Sunday night with brother Diggs again on Sunday night for the Tri-State Youth Meeting. Looking forward to our special meetings. What are we going to sing you guys? Um, do that. Do that. I love this. Living for him. Do you know the key for that? See? Okay. One of those Lefonte. No practice, no rehearsal happens all the time. [Music] I love this living for him. I love this calling the Savior, my friend. Looking back to where I've been. I love this living. I love this living for him. I love this living for him. I I love this calling to save my friend. Looking back to where I've been. I love this living. I love this living for him. Since the day that I met him. Since the brand new start. Since the sweet surrender of my heart. Closer than a brother our Lord has been to me. There will never be another life I lead. Oh, I love this living for it. I love this calling the Savior, my friend. Looking back to where I've been. I love this living. I love this living for him. Now, some days are a struggle. And I'll admit, there's been a few, but in the midst of trouble, that's when his love holds true. Amen. Yes. And if I'll just keep trusting, I'll see the light of day. Yes. See, it's all part of walking. Yes. This goel way. Sing it with us. I love this living for him. I I love this calling Savior, my friend. Looking back to where I've been. I love this living. I love this living for him. [Music] Everybody now I love this living for him. I love this calling the Savior, my friend. Looking back to where I've been. I love this living. I love this living for him. Oh, I love this living. I love this living. I love this living for him. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Give me that again. [Music] Build this world. It never gets snowed. Seems like I've been here forever. Everything after a while just seems the same. So it's time to be up and going. I can feel there's a wind of blow. I'm ready to move. I'm ready to change. Well, I'm ready to move. move on up to another dimension. And I'm ready to change and relocate to another location. There's nothing to hold me here no more. I'm already out the door. I've got the Holy Ghost here to prove that I'm ready to move. [Music] Everything that I need is in order. Ready now to cross the border to a brand new country bright and fair. Well, I hold a little revelation. This is going to be a translation [Music] in the air. Well, I'm ready to move, move on up to another dimension. And I'm ready to change and relocate to another location. There's nothing to hold me here no more. I'm already out. [Music] I've got the Holy Ghost. I'm ready to move. Well, I'm ready to move. Move on out to another dimension. I'm ready. Relocate to another. There's nothing to hold me here no more. I'm already out the door. Well, I got the Holy Ghost here to prove that I'm ready to move. Oh, I got the Holy Ghost here to prove that I'm ready to move. Oh, I got the Holy Ghost here to prove. I'm ready to move. Ready to move. Ready to move. Praise the Lord. Well, I'm ready to move. Move on out to another ready to move. I relocate to another location. There's nothing to hold me here no more. I'm already out. I got the Holy Spirit [Music] dimension and I'm ready to change to relocate to another location. There's nothing to hold me here no more. I'm already on the Lord. I've got the Holy Ghost here and I'm ready. I got the Holy Ghost prove that I'm ready. Oh, I got the Holy Ghost. I'm ready to move. Ready to move. Ready to move. Glory be to God. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. [Music] Blessed be his name. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon. Sing it now. Going to see the king. Yeah. Soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon. [Music] Soon and very soon see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Praise the Lord. Ready to move. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. Looking forward to that soon approaching day. And every day that passes by puts us one day closer to it. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. If you'd turn with me this morning to Psalms 27, we'll read the scripture together. We appreciate you being in fellowship with us today and we trust that we can be anointed from the throne of God to say something that will encourage you, strengthen you, might even correct you a bit. But whatever he has for us, it'll be for our good. And we pray that the Lord will bless the word this morning and bless the weekend that you have maybe with your family and Memorial Day tomorrow you have off work. And so I trust you're looking forward to the time together. Psalms 27. And this is the chapter we've been reading out of once again. And so Psalms 27 and I just want to emphasize just verse four and verse five this morning. One thing David says, "One thing have I desired of the Lord, and that will I seek after." I want to focus on that that little sentence there, that beginning of the sentence that David said, "One thing have I desired of the Lord." Isn't it amazing that a man of God can come down to one most important one desire? There's only one desire that I have. How many would like to say, I'd like to get my life to that. That really at the end of everything, I really have one desire. Kind of simplifies life, doesn't it? We have a lot of desires. We got a lot of things we want to do, a lot of things we want to accomplish. But this is when a man is growing in the Lord. You know, you know what? He's he's hit this spot where he says, "One thing have I desired. One thing." And there's no Calvary yet. This is before the New Testament. This is the Old. There's no Holy Ghost yet. And yet he says, "I desire this." And this is what he desires. One thing I've desired of the Lord that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to inquire in his temple. That's amazing. Remember David's the one now who always talked about how much he enjoyed coming to the house of the Lord. He said one place, I was glad when they said unto me, let us go to the house of the Lord. And if you're not there, you ought to pray that you get there. Amen. I was glad when they said unto me. He said, a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. There was something about David that he loved to be at the house of God. But I want to say it wasn't because of the building. It wasn't because of the temple. He gives why he wants to be there. He said that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord. You know what? It's not about the building. It's about who's there. That's right. And the revelation already before Calvary and and before the Holy Ghost is that when I go, there's a presence there. There's a person there. The message had become a person to David and not a building. Going to church had be become about a person, the Lord. I want to go. One place he says, I'd rather be a doorkeeper in the house of God. And he was a king. He could have come in as a king. He could had a position, but David did not go to the Lord's house to have a position. There's a lot of people they're they're itching. They want a position to, but David said, "If I don't have a position or if I take the lowest position as a doorkeeper in the house of God, I just want to do something so that I can be at his house." Amen. It's not about position. I want to thank my staff and the video and audio and all these guys that help me every service. And you know what I like about them? They don't come to church because they do this position. They come for the word. You know how I know? You look at Steve Laughlin back there with that camera running around. And you look at uh the hullingers up there and you look at audio guys. Every once in a while you'll hear out a big amen from back there or they're up there worshiping and raising their hands, praising the Lord, taking their hands off the camera a little bit. I love that because I know they don't come to church for cameras and audio. We can have church with all without any of that. That's right. But to help other people see it and view it, we appreciate that. But they're not here for a position. Can you say amen? Brother Steve Laughlin, he he uprooted from Tucson and came. He listened to these services a year or maybe a two-year every service. Went back and listened to the past ones. He's not here for any place or position. He came for the word of God. He came for his family for the word and many of them staff and I just I don't thank them enough. Would you thank our staff that helps in the service? Would you thank them this morning? God bless you all. It's a privilege to work with people like this. That's for sure. But David, he didn't come for a position. He loved to be here, but it wasn't because of a church or a building. It wasn't because to see anybody else and what they wore. He he he met the person and where this is how there's one desire I have. Wherever that person of the Lord is, that's where I want to be all the days of my life. He's probably yelling saying, "I wish we had church every day." He wanted to be there and he just not only wanted to be there with him, he wanted to behold his beauty so that it would change him. Can you say amen? Lord, bless your word. Bless these precious lives that have come. Lord, you have a way to find us wherever we're at and lift us. Lord, you have a way of grace, Lord, that even though you would be sometimes corrective, even that is love, Lord, because it's it's reaching where we're at and drawing us h up higher, Lord. And I pray you'll be mindful of that this morning as I have looked to you, Father, for your word, for your people, God. Even u praying in this sanctuary last night, praying for every every pew, every person that would sit here that you would affect them, Lord, with the glory of God. It goes beyond me or the pastor or any church building. it goes when when you're here, Lord, you can do wonderful things and supernatural things. We invite you to do that this morning. We pray that you would swing through this place, Lord, and fill us and feed us and teach us, Lord. God, I pray that you would grab someone if they're in the miry clay, if they're under condemnation, if they're feeling the the the condemnation of sin, I pray you'll draw them out of it, Lord. And may they recognize what your blood has done for them. I pray God may your Holy Ghost have control and we commit each word to you in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. We gave a little Christmas gift to all of you uh as we try to do each Christmas and the gift this past year was a little plaque that had the theme scripture for this year that I wanted to elaborate on. And not every service is related, but most of them are. And that scripture came out of Psalms 27 here. And it was specifically the one that says in verse 5, and uh I appreciate every home I go into, you have it on the wall or you have it there. We have it. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me up upon the rock. And those that know the message know that this is the text that he read when he was preaching the rapture. So this secret place and this scripture is related to the times we live in. And uh I work I have worked my way through this year in some messages taking the time of trouble because in the first half of the year and we're already through half the year there were many related subjects to talk about the conditions of pre-tribulation and the conditions of pre-rapture and the unique pressures that we're facing every day. And I guarantee you they are unique pressures only to this time and this age. When that Bible says the time of trouble, it's not talking about Luther's day. It's not talking about the early church. It's talking about your time that you live in. It's mentioned in the book of Daniel. It's mentioned in other chapters in the Bible. The time of trouble is a pre-tribulation and then also can enter into tribulation as well. But we elaborated many things on the time of trouble. So that you know that without a doubt, no generation has ever seen these type of pressures. No generation has ever seen the type of trouble that we face every day and the demonic attacks on God's people. There is no age that's ever had it quite like this. And that's why he called it the time of trouble. All generations have had trouble, but there's been no trouble like the trouble that we face every day. Every demon in hell is against a Christian standing for truth. Every devil in hell has its guns pointed at anybody, any young person, anybody who tries to take a stand for the message of Christ for the last days. Every gun is trained on you. Can you say amen? There is demonic forces and mind battles. There is depression. There is uh confusion. There's and we elaborate on these things. The the mind and the spirit being confused and being tossed about. And it's not only unbelievers that face that. It's believers as well. There's great mind battles. There's great pressures that go with this age. And this generation has uh is seeing the type of trouble and demonic force that's never been seen before. And uh to be honest with you, I'm still pulled sometimes uh to continue to preach the subtle traps that are in our day because they're not traps that were in Luther's day or Wesley's day or during the the dark ages. They had different pressures. They had different temptations. uh that if they stood for Christ, they could have their head cut off. Uh it was different a different type of pressure. Today, they won't cut your head off, but Satan would try to confuse your mind. Satan will try to bring doubts in your mind. Satan will make you doubt your salvation, doubt that you have the Holy Ghost. Satan will take a mistake that you've made and even though you brought it under the blood, Satan can still try to use it to keep you defeated. And this is the type of enemy we face. And so I feel pulled to continue to talk about such subtle traps that we have today to hold these last days pressures in front of you and uh and and and and to bear through uh the added pressure that's on a preacher like myself. If I hold these things in front of you, uh quite often I become the bad guy who's exposing things in our lives that the devil's using to defeat us. Quite often I become the bad guy. And I don't like being the bad to be honest with you. I don't like being the bad guy, but somebody has to speak truth. That's right. Somebody has to be willing. Sometimes people look at you as the bad guy, but you see now we have to look at it the right way. But I'm willing to do that. I actually am is am dedicated. I'm called to God not to get up here and tell you what you want to hear, but to proclaim truth, whether it encourages, convicts, whatever it does, I've got to speak it all. I've got to say what God told me to say. And I have a responsibility to do that. But it doesn't make you too uh popular. Sometimes it's not a pleasant position. Uh pray for me. And the reason that I make it is because I have a lot of people praying for me. But it is not a pleasant position to point out all the conditions of evil of this hour and the traps that come to believers lives even. It is not an e easy place. And I find that I'm a bit safer to talk about things like worldly events and world events and political events coming together, prophecy. Uh it's it's a lot more comfortable. I get more response back when I talk about everything going on out there. But when I deal with heart issues in here, I get less response. Isn't that interesting? Less compliments because it gets a little too close to home. But I can talk about the Pope and I can talk about political events and I can talk about Trump and watching all these things come together in the last days, but I find I'm not quite as popular when I talk about hard issues gets quiet like it is right now. But I'm determined to speak what God gives us to help us in this hour. And there are so many things uh that we could speak about. But you see now um as we come to this we we we want to uh move on from those scriptures of the time of trouble and I'm sure more things will come up but I want to move into the scripture into the next spot here and and to be able to speak about this next part uh which speaks about what his answer is to this uh we can have uh you know uh this he speaks of a place you know he actually gives the answer for all of this pressure and last Sunday, I broke down Psalms 27 and talked about all the things similar to this age that we're going through. And I trust that was a blessing to you. But God's answer was not that we fight against all the uh politics or fight against things. God's answer to this age was he said, "I'm going to hide you in my pavilion." We wouldn't think that's an answer, but that's God's answer. Often we try to find our own answers. But God's answer to the pressure, the depression, the mental instability. God's answer is that I have a place for you of rest. I have a pavilion. I have a secret. And the very reason he names it secret is that it's not for everybody, but it's for my people so they can come into a place of rest and peace. kind of like a pre-rapture condition. Can you say amen? I have a place of protection. A pavilion is a place of protection. And as we get along studying that, we'll see a pavilion can also be a royal pavilion. And a royal pavilion is a place where the royal soldiers are given a special place to come back and re refresh themselves from battle and to be able to get in that protective pavilion. I believe God's provided provided not just a pavilion, but a royal pavilion. Praise the Lord. It's a place of protection. It's a place of release and refreshment. It's a place of peace. It's a place of stability. It's a place that's insulated from us crashing like the rest of the world. Can you say amen? It's a temporary holding place above our enemies and above our fears. It's a safe bomb shelter from Satan's bombs and missiles that he shoots at us. Satan can buzz around, but he can't really completely get to you like he couldn't get to Job. He wanted to get him. He said, "You can mess with his entire life, his emotions, everything you want to, but you'll never take his soul. I've got confidence in his soul." Now, friends, if God had confidence in Job to say to Satan, "Go ahead, do what you want to to him." If he had confidence in Job before the Holy Ghost, before Calvary, then I believe he's got confidence in what he's deposited in your life. That it's going to weather the storm. Satan, go ahead. I got my grandson Titus preaching with me this morning. Praise the Lord. God has confidence in what he places within us. God has confidence and Satan can buzz around. But the answer is I'm going to give you a hiding place. I'm going to put you in a place of protection. In the next few weeks, the Lord willing, we'll go into what that means, that hiding place, what it means, all the wonderful things. Been listening to the messages and listen all the things leading up to that. And so, we're we're looking at some wonderful things. Uh it's so wonderful. He says, you know, a man can live so hidden in Christ that the devil doesn't know how to get to him. That's right. That's a pretty powerful place to live. He doesn't know how to affect us as much as he affecting the rest of the world. We're emotional, we're going to be affected by some things, but he's got a place that the devil, he said, he be so hidden and all of his channels cleaned out. There's not a place for the devil could to get in because it's been blown out by the Holy Spirit. and all those channels are cleaned up, filled with the Holy Ghost. Can I get an amen this morning? God has a place that he's provided. But before we go into that in the next few weeks, the Lord willing, I can't skip over verse four and verse five in this rapture chapter. And that's the text we read when David said, "One thing have I desired." and that's to dwell in his house, in his presence every day of my life. And if that's the rapture chapter and that's what David gives is the answer from God, if that's David's desire, it ought to be our one desire. Not just on Sundays, but every day. And I I think it's interesting that God gives this hiding place. Listen now. God gives this place for us. But then David desires it. God gives us one place of protection to be in today. And David has one desire to be in there. I believe that it's not going to work if just God provides what we need in this hour. We have to desire it. God, help us that it' be the same testimony. One thing have I desired above money, above retirement, above that new truck. I'm hitting you, brothers. Above that new house, above all these other things. No, no, no. It all fades away. And you can't even trust family sometimes. Oh, don't put all your eggs in one basket in your family. They'll disappoint you. If I can just have my family and you hang tightly onto the family, sometimes they won't always be there for you. But I can tell you a presence that will always be there for you. You can't hang tightly onto anything in this life except what God has provided. And so now if God gives you one place and one answer and one I I I want to call it a spiritual place but I don't want to overspiritualize it but he's provided this position this place that you can come into in Christ and they provided that one place. It's the one answer for all of the trouble of this generation. Then we ought to have one desire above all desires and that is I want to live in that place. One thing have I desired. His desires were in line with the place that God provided. It would do no good if God provided a secret place if we did not have passion to be in there. Amen. If we didn't want it above everything else. Just the simplicity of all this one place for us to be. I just have been thinking about how in Leodysia in our time we live in we have so many avenues to run to for answers for help and I never mock mock medicine because I believe I thank the Lord for God providing the medicines we have but we have so you do realize we have more medicines than ever and more sick people than ever so that wasn't totally the answer but you see now we have so many avenues to run to. We have so many places. We have so many things to fulfill our desires. And if by the help of the Lord, I just want to step back and talk about our desires this morning. Because it's important that we go to the level of our desires than just the surface of what our mind wants. What's our desires on the inside? Because if God gets to the heart of your desires and you hone in on this type of simplicity to say, "Really, God, I want to let you know there's only one desire that I have in life, and that's to be closer to you and to be where you are." It simplifies it. Having too many choices like we have in Leodysia actually brings confusion. That's right. This place is mentioned, this phrase is mentioned in other places in scripture. And uh it's I'll say it first. It was mentioned to the rich young ruler when he come to him for eternal life. Come to Christ. And Jesus said, "You have you done the commandments?" He said, "Yes, I've done all those things since I was a young boy. I've done all that, but I'm still I'm still hungering for something. I'm still looking for something." He was wanting the person of eternal life. And he was standing right in front of them in front of him. And he says, "Come and follow me." And he says, "I want I've done all these things right. I've been a good boy, but I'm still lacking the the the Holy Ghost in my life. That's right. You can have everything and still there's a hunger for something real in God. And you have to want that with a great passion. I want it more than any other thing in life. And so, uh, he said to him though, he said, "One thing," he uses the same phrase, "One thing that you should do." So, now he simplifies it because we're always looking for a list of stuff to do. Yeah. How do I get from point A from point B? Because our bosses will tell us that or we're taught in class in order to get to this degree. You got this semester, this semester. And you know, when I looked at that three years that four years that I have, it was overwhelming for me. I felt like bailing out cuz everything we do, we got a list. In order to get to that, you got this and this and you got to do this. You know what? The way some people look at church and look at this message, they look at as I got this whole thing to go through, including what I wear in order to get to Christ. I want to tell you that's not true. God hasn't provided a list for us. God's asked for a surrender. That's it, brother. And people don't come and they quit coming because they're going through their minds and they're figuring, I'm going to have to do this. I'm going to have to give up this. I'm gonna have to give up this and so it's just it's too overwhelming. I can't do it. I can't do it. And the very fact you're saying I can't do it. That's a good statement. Can I get an amen? That's a good that if you really believe that you can't do it. You can't do it by yourself. You can't measure up measure up. You can never be good enough on the outside to make it into the grace of God. That's not how he set this up. But we have a whole list and I have to give this up. And most of the time people are looking more to what they have to give up than what they get. Can I get an amen? Amen. This is overwhelming. I go, I can't take this. I'm out of here. This is too much. Especially if they grew up in the message and they know about the truth and they got this whole they've made a list. God hasn't made a list, but they've made a list, right? And they get overwhelmed by it. But you see now when he spoke to the rich young ruler, he honed in on one thing that would be more important than eternal life. He asked him, "Did you do the commandments?" But that wasn't the real big issue he found. And the only reason Jesus is saying, "I'm going to put my finger on the one place in your life that's more important, and that's all the riches you have." Because he know in his heart that's more important to you than eternal life. Even though he's saying, "I want eternal life. I want eternal life." Okay. one thing you must do. Go sell everything that you have and give it to the poor. I don't know how many minutes or hours he stood there and thought that through, but he turned it down. Now, a lot of people say, "That's mean. That's me. That wasn't mean." The rich ruler is the one that's asking for eternal life. He's the one standing in front and found Jesus and asked. He asked. But you see, if we're not willing to give up sometimes the one thing, then we can't come to the simplicity of the one thing that God's going to give us. It's not complicated. It's not a sign. If I could just see a sign. It's not a sign. It's a surrender. Amen. Just Lord, here I am. That's right. I don't know how to do all this. Amen. But I do know this. I don't want the world anymore. I don't want to play around anymore. I want you. And if you can hone in to my one desire is to be where you're at so you can change me. That's all God needs. Let him change you. Yes. Because there's things you can't change that only he can change. That's right. So, he's going to have to do it. Another place he mentions just one thing thou needest. One thing, I just love these little statements. Just one thing. It simplifies it. He says to Mary and Martha, Martha's running around in her duty busy for the master. Mary's Mary's sitting there doing nothing. And Martha's criticizing her doing it. He said, Martha, you're missing it. One thing you thou needest and Mary's chosen it just to sit at his feet. Maybe I just need to get off of my notes this morning and talk about how busy we are. That's right. And we won't take a break from it. We're in the rat race. We're going. We're going. We're going. Then when we relax, we go to something and pour our lives into something so it can entertain our mind because we're scared of just sitting and meditating or reading our Bibles or just talking to the Lord. We are busy. You know about I was telling this to Brandon in the office, brother Brandon 25 years ago, I wrote a song called Lord, you're the center of my life. And I begin the verse. The Lord gave me the verse and it says first line, "It seems I have a million things to do." Anybody know that song? It seems I have, now this is 25 years ago and I'm feeling this, Lord. It seems I have a million things to do. Everything gets placed in front of you. Amen. But Lord, it's not my desire to see it go that way. That's right. I just told Brandon, I said, now 25 years later, I'm going to change the words. It seems I have a billion things to do. Billion. Billion because it was a billion back then. Now it seems like it's a billion. Seems I have a billion things to do. Everything gets placed in front of you. This is a prayer to the Lord. But Lord, it's not my desire to see it go that way. And so I'll rearrange priorities seeking for your will down on my knees. It starts with a desire and then a change to say, "Lord, now take that desire and may it be willing to give up what's in the way of you." That's right. So I can be in that secret place with him more often so I can find the peace that the world's trying to provide to me. And Jesus did refer to peace I give you. He says not as the world gives. And that tells us the world offers a peace. True. He said, "But I give you peace, not like the world offers, but I give you peace." And we seek the peace of God when we look for this secret place. But it's simple. One place for us to be, one desire to get there. It's not complicated. It is only, it only is because we or Satan have filled our lives with every other thing that's more important. I'm sure all of us could agree together today that there's something in David that he's saying here. One thing have I desired. I I would say we all agree that we need this desire in our hearts if we have it to become the paramount thing in our lives to be in that place with him to be where he's at. So, I'm asking the Lord to help me for a few minutes this morning. I won't be long. Uh me and the young brother there in the bathroom, a young boy. I don't remember where he's at. I wouldn't embarrass him, but I said, "You want me to preach short today." He said kind of a scared him a little bit. I asked him because when I asked my wife, she just laughs. I think I'm going to preach short today. And she just kind of chuckles. I asked him and he said, "Yeah, man. If you could keep it down a little bit, I've got some I got some things to do." I said, "Well, what's more important than this?" Oh, he said, "No, this is most important. This is more important." Hey, at least the boy was honest. He told the preacher, "Keep it short. I like honesty." But I asked the Lord to help me to speak about our desires this morning a little bit. David says just one thing, and I'm just amazed. I'm intrigued, even a bit convicted at David saying that. What level has David reached that has brought him to say, "I really only have one desire left." And I imagine maybe I didn't check his age here in uh Psalms 27, but I I imagine as he's grown older, uh he begins to realize that. I know for me, you realize what's important in life. As you get older, uh when you're young, you think you know what's important. You put other priorities above the Lord and things. I don't think young people should should do that. If you can catch this revelation young that God must be the most important thing in your life and the the hunger for the Holy Ghost, the filling should be the most important thing in your life. Every other thing is as we say into the youth on Friday night is ice cream on the cake. Jesus said, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and all these things will be added unto you." You can't imagine how God will bless your life with all the desires that you have if you put his desire first. You can't imagine. There's just no way to describe it. That's the channel God said to come through. So you you you just feel David, what level has David reached when he maybe he got older, but he said, "One thing have I desired and one thing am I going to seek after, and that's to be in your house every day and to behold your beauty. One thing." We human beings are built with so many desires within us. Some of them are in bread. Some of their are things that God gave us. We have physical desires. We have emotional desires. We have needs. We are a needy people. Some of these things we develop from the world, but some are uh cravings and thirst. Brother Brandham called them thirst. Uh we have these cravings within us. And they're not all spiritual. We have physical needs to eat, to sleep. We have then emotional needs to have friends. And all these things are uh we have a thirst for fellowship. And that's a god-given thirst. That's not something you got from the world. That's pure. A young man, young woman has a thirst to to uh have marriage and to be in fellowship and to have that kind of relationship. God put that within you to be with someone of the opposite sex and be married to them and share your life only with them. God put that normal thing in. It's Satan who perverts that thirst. That's right. Nobody else but Satan. And he takes a desire, a pure desire. It's not lust to want the other to the opposite sex. It's not lust. It's something God gave you. But there's a way to fulfill it. There's a way to fulfill it. And right away as young people, Satan jumps in to divert that and pervert that and now they're with all kinds of partners or someone even after they're married. It's it's a shame when that happens because you're pure. You have it's not lust when you desire those things. God gave you that, but it becomes lust and it becomes perverted because then Satan can bring his cloud of condemnation on you. You see, so it's not about the desire being wrong, it's how you fulfill it. Can I talk about desires this morning? So you have physical desires, you have emotional desires, and then of course you have spiritual desires. Every human being, I believe, has a soul and has a hunger for God, has a hunger to be filled by God. But most human beings will take even that thirst for God and Satan will try to fill that void, that vacuum for God with other things. And then spiritually, Brother Brham called them thirst plural. T H I R S Ts plural. It's not just one thirst, it's many thirst. On Friday night and talking about the young people, talking to the young people about the little bit this and I was talking to them about managing their cravings because they have cravings. They have thirst. They have needs in their life. And they become very prominent when they get uh into adolescence and they have these needs. They have these feelings and things going on and their cravings and their god-given cravings. And I I let them know my my title tonight is uh managing cravings. And I said this is not a little devotion on dieting. It's not what it is. It's it's more about your spiritual and emotional cravings. Uh one time we took a few weeks ago managing our time because Satan would like to as a young person to waste our time. So we have to measure our time. We have to take a control of our time or Satan will fill our time with a bunch of junk. Can you say amen? So we need time with the Lord. We need to manage our time. Well, just like we manage our time, we manage our cravings. We must bring our cravings and our thirst under control of the Holy Ghost. And if we don't manage it, Satan will mismanage and Satan will abuse our cravings. Very true. And it and it seems like you see it seems like there's a crossover. The basic need of course is for food. But first of all, people when they need to eat then they get hungry enough they'll get any kind of food. They'll get in a garbage can and get anything. If they can't find food, they're going to eat out of a garbage can. Well, isn't that similar with every thirst that we have? If we don't get to the right food, the right word for our soul, we'll eat anything. We'll get on the internet and feed our soul anything. And that's not good cuz there's junk food out there. Can you say amen? There's junk food out there. And so with any need that we have when become become so desperate, we'll eat out of a garbage can. And then they cross over a bit because then you eat because uh you it's been proven that you you eat a lot or you overeat sometimes or you eat the wrong things not because you're hungry but because you have another emotional need. Don't think that I'm going to talk like an expert on this. I'm not an expert. You wouldn't listen to me anyway. I'm not an expert on the dieting thing. But I am certainly learning. I told you I'm on a journey and I'm learning. And one of the things they've said for years and we're finally listening is that sometimes it's not a food problem. It's that it's a it's a crossover. There's another emotional need that's not being fulfilled and you're trying to fill it with food. How many's heard that before? You see, so if you don't address the emotional need, you can be on 50,000 diets. You can and and I've been on a lot of them myself. You know, the uh I went on a 30-day diet one time and I lost a month. Trust me, I've seen the diets and I, you know, I've been through a lot of them. And and you know, I still trying to conquer this thing and I will conquer it by the grace of God because I told the ministers that I have donelap disease. My belly dunlapped over my belt and that's the problem. that's it's a disease. But when you start to look at this, you see that it can cross over into another emotional need. Let me say it this way is that when we have sometimes problems come in our lives and we look at the reason for the problem and we look for the answer for the problem. But many of the problems boil back to some emotional need that's not being met or wasn't met early in your life. And now you still have that need, appreciation, significance, a need for significance, a desire for significance, a desire for approval, a desire for praise, a desire for worth. And you have that, it wasn't fulfilled. So now you go about life trying to fill it other ways so you can fill that need. But unless you address the need and the real desire there, then you see now something else can fill its place. So people could eat because there's another emotional need. And that's true in the spiritual need for God. Satan fills other things to fill a spir spiritual need and a desire and a hunger for God. Can you say amen? I'm attracted to Twinkies. And one of the I was attracted real young to Twinkies because I I was so attracted to Twinkies when I was a a little boy that it made me steal them. It was one of my first sins as me and the the neighborhood boys concocted a plan as we watched a big uh hostess truck come by the back of the shopping center in Lima every day. And we begin to watch this and we watched it together. Every day it comes the same time. And and the driver goes inside for about a half hour and it was open game. Come on people, you should like me. I'm confessing one of my first sins to you. But I had never went for those Twinkies. And we did. And we took a bunch of them. And I we went out in the woods and I think we ate them all in one shot. Right out in the woods. We did it. It's out there. I stole Twinkies, but that wasn't it so much as as much as it I had to have an attraction. I had to have something craving that. Right. Right. I know that's simple, but I want the children to understand is that we turn to things sometimes and and we are attracted to certain things and we're willing in this case to steal steal for them and get what we want. And uh so today I still look at them and something in me says I want something very small within I want I want and then I my dear precious brother Ryan he's no good for me because every few months he brings a box of Twinkies in my office cuz he knows the Twinkie story. He's not helping me at all. I don't eat those. I might eat one but I don't eat all of them. I hand them out to the other kids. If I have a want today, it's a very small want. But guess what? It's not a want. It's it's not a need. It's a want. It's not a need. So now, I know this is real simple, but you look at this and you say, I'm trying to get you to look at the depths of your desires, right? That we want something, but what is it that we really need? Right? How many times do we make choices because we we want something but we don't really spiritually need it. But because we want it, we go get it. Now, David come down. There's one thing I desire. He honed in as just one thing I desire. But David, remember David was a man. He had many desires. He he had many things to accomplish in his kingdom. And yet he could come down to one desire. Matter of fact, some of David's desires were not that great. He actually made mistakes with some of his desires. That's right. And you know about his mistakes. They're not hidden in the Bible. And he went and committed adultery with Basheba out of what? Starting with a desire, but a desire became perverted. He wasn't happy with his own situation. And so he went to someone else. And so now we find David after going through all those things, he must have come to a place that through all that, God's forgiven me. Psalms 51 is where he repents. God forgives him. God washes it away. But through these mistakes, you learn something. And you should learn about your desires. You should learn that I better bring my desires and keep them pure under the Holy Ghost because Satan can manipulate and abuse pure desires and he does it so he can get you to sin and keep condemnation on you for the rest of your life. He loves to do that especially to believers. But you see now if we would get the upper edge on the enemy and realize listen God has given me some desires here. I am not going to take them through the channel Satan is perverting to take them. These are thirst. I'm going to keep them pure before God and God will provide uh the wholesome things. The wholesome needs to be fulfilled. If it's a desire for a wife or husband, pray he'll give you the right one. That's right. And then it'll be blessed. Then it'll be pure. But once we step out of that, then we realize we've taken something that God gave us and Satan, we've let him pervert it. Can you say amen? Satan, this exploits, you know, there's so much more to be said, but we're going to try to wrap it up here. Leodysa flashes all kinds of new things in front of us all the time to where we desire even more things. we want more things or we think we desire it because the commercial said uh that we see on TV. The commercial that I see on TV, the commercial says, "I need this." And then you should want it because you need it, right? Or we think we desire it because the commercial said told us we need it. It will answer your problems. It will satisfy. It will relieve your pain. And this exploits god-given cravings and desires within us. It perverts normal thirsts. Satan even replaces your thirst for God with other things. And at the end, it's really the Holy Ghost rest and peace that you're longing for. We're nervous. We desire real satisfaction. We find tons of things to activate. what I call in simple terms. I read a a little uh uh book that described our brain when I was uh uh early in the ministry and I've just used this because I can't understand the big terms. But we act we we fill our lives with tons of things that activate our pleasure center in our brain and we keep doing it. And when we keep activating the the uh we we keep bringing the endorphins and it's just a rush of endorphins and we get pleasure in our pleasure center and we keep doing it and when we keep doing it it becomes an addiction. All starts with the desire but then we find that pleasure center. Why does it become an addiction? We can't deal with life's pressures. We can't deal with the condemnation. I know there's not a lot of amens right about, but you know, I want you to think about this more than anything else. We got access to so much hundreds of things to give us a surge of endorphins. The science is any group endorphins is any groups of hormones secreted within the brain and the nervous system and having a number of physiological functions. They are peptides which activate the body's opiate receptors causing an anestic effect. Opiotes tied to the word opium and and and anestic I'm probably saying that wrong. It's tied to drugs or something to relieve the pain. So something activates those endorphins. In my terms, you find a drug, you find something to do that taps into your pleasure center over and over again to relieve yourself. And when you do it over and over again, it gets an addiction. But as a bonus, you get depression. You get disappointed. You get disappointment after disappointment after disappointment. And it becomes a cycle in your life. If you think I'm just talking to you, that's not true. I'm talking to a lot of people, including myself. Sometimes when Satan wants to make me depressed and point me to something else as a temptation to relieve and get that peace that I want. He's not going to direct us to the word of God. He's not going to direct us to be in his presence and talk to him. Just talk to him. He He's got something else. He's got hundreds of things. There are normal things that activate the pleasure center. Food when you're hungry. Sleep when you're tired. That activates your pleasure center. but not continually. You have food when you're hungry, you're satisfied. You have sleep, when you're tired, you're satisfied. Activate your pleasure center. You feel good after you get a good night's sleep. An encouraging talk with a friend, I believe, can activate that. Being in a church service, knowing that he's here, can you say, "The Lord is here." It I believe that can help that. But the other stuff is not not a normal way to activate your pleasure center. And it's funny, it makes people not when they use something else and they become addicted, it makes people not want to eat regular food even though they're hungry. Addictions make people they don't want to eat anymore. And when they do, it's junk food. It makes people not able to sleep. So when they turn to something else, now they can't get any sleep. So the normal things God gave us to fulfill and and and release those endorphins, we choose something else and it actually takes away from the normal things God has given. This is true in the spiritual. Many people withdraw from people and withdraw from wholesome friendships. They even say, "I don't want to go to church." Why don't you want to go to church? Because I don't like people. What about the people at Walmart? the guy that wouldn't the guy that didn't want to go to church. His wife couldn't get him to go to church. And she said, "You got to go. It would be good for you. You need it." And she said, "Why don't you want to go?" He said, "Those people don't like me there. I don't want to go." He said, "Give me good one good reason that I need to go to church." And the wife said, "You're the pastor." Many of you get emotionally down. I'm just going to be honest with you. Pastors get emotionally down, too. You think I'm inhuman? No. I get emotionally down. I get that temptation to go in depression. You know, years ago, I think I had some of it and didn't know I had it until I read some of the, "Oh my goodness, years ago, I must have had that." You think I don't go through those low times. You don't. You think and and yet and yet something has to rise in you. To come and bring the word of God even on a Sunday like this. God, help me no matter how I'm emotionally feeling. God, help me to rise above it because your people need to be fed. That's good. Maybe you should look at and say, "If I have to rise above it, then you ought to rise above it." Say, "I'm not going to let the devil cheat me out of being in the house of God." Can I get an amen? That's right. Praise the Lord. The woman these days turns to a chick flick or turns to a romance novel. A man turns to sexual perversion. It turns to porn. His thirst to conquer and to win as a man is fulfilled in a video game. God gave him the thirst to be a man, to conquer, to take over. That's how a man should be. He shouldn't be feminine. He shouldn't be uh just weak weak uh with a weak backbone. He should be a man. He should stand and he should be a godly man and lead his home. So many men are lost their way. Lost that thing and they're fulfilling the thing to win in the video game. If I can win through so many armies and other things. Listen now. I'm talking about reality and I'm saying because I love you. There's a hundreds of things that we turn to when God has provided a place for these things full of all kinds of desires, all kinds of ways. Brother Brandham says here in the message, thirst. And I'm moving right along now. I'm mindful of the time. We're a people full of all kinds of desires, all kinds of ways to fill desires, but maybe we don't need as many things as we thought. Maybe we need to narrow it down to one main thing as David did. Brother says, "My soul thirsts for God, for the living God." And he's reading from scripture. David said, "My soul thirst for God for the living God." Not some historical or something that happened some years ago or some tale that someone told, but for the living God, a God that's ever present. and his soul thirsted for that God not for some historical something. Now we find God gives us the control tower to you to give you the things that you need. Now the control tower in you is what directs you and this thirst runs in on this tower control tower and tells you what you need of spiritually speaking the control tower in the body and in the soul also. There's a control tower in the body that tells you that you need that's needed in your body and it's brought to you by a thirst. Also, there's a control towel in your soul that tells you the spiritual things that you have need of something in your spirit. And you by this can tell what kind of life is controlling you. When you can see what your desires are, then you can tell what kind of something that's in you. What's he teaching us? Look at your desires. Your desires are revealing. That's right. Amen. When you can see what your desires are and then you can tell what kind of something that's in you that's creating this desire that you have. You see there's a certain thing that you thirst for and it can tell you in your soul what this desire is by the nature of the thirst that you have. I hope that you can understand that there's a control tower of the soul and one for the body and each tower is a warning caller for the needs of the other. Each one calls to the need for what the caller is calling for. It sends out a wave of warning. For instance, the flesh thirsts to satisfy the desires that's in the body and the spirit desires for the thing that's in the soul. Desire is listen now. And many times these war against the other. We find there what's a great trouble today that too many people, are you listening? Try to live in between two desires. For one of them desires the things of the earth and the other desires the things of heaven. And he says they live in between two desires. My brother, my sister, that's a miserable life to live. Make a choice where you want to live from and make David's choice. Listen, I can live in heaven now. I can live in heavenly places now. Now, don't go so heavenly places that you forget to pay your bills. Too heavenly minded that you're no earthly good. I find today we don't have people that are so heavenly minded they're no earthly good. We hardly have any of those. We have people that are too earthly minded to be any heavenly good. That's what I find in our lives is we have too much going on. And so now we we we look for these things and not to live in between two desires. I think that's great uh a great thing from the Holy Spirit through his prophet telling us in this hour people live. Don't live in between two desires. It's a miserable way to live. It is a miser. One of them desires the things of the earth. The other desires the things of heaven. And this is what David is saying. One thing have I desired and that's my that I could behold him every day. That I could be where he's at every day. Wherever I am to live in that dimension that he's with me, I'm with him and he controls things. Now, I'm going to skip through this cuz I I promise to be short today. Praise the Lord. We'll pick this up again next Sunday. Help me get something out of this this morning. There there's a Lisa Turkst who wrote a book called Made to Crave. And of course, it's about diet and things, but she says something in there. It's not the howto that I'm missing. and she's talking about food, talking about uh dieting. It's not the how-to that I'm missing. It's the want to. That's a profound statement and that can be applied to anything in our lives because what I find even in this message is that we we know what we need to do. Yes, the how-tos are there. Not only through all the books that we have, but this message has revealed the entrance to God, the entrance into a secret place. It's not a problem with how to. Probably every person in here could just spit off the answers, what you need to do, what the word says you need to do. It's not the how to, it's the want to. It's at the seat of our desires. It's becoming a passion is not only has God provided it, but I want it with all my heart. I desire it with all my heart. Nobody's pushing me to go to church. I desire. Somebody said uh something about they couldn't get somebody to go to church. And I just remind you if God is in your heart then you can't wait till the doors are open. What is brother Brandham speaking when he says that? I'm not here to say that to belittle somebody. I'm saying this works according to desire. I you're not getting a special pin today like denominations for attendance. I'm not giving those out and I don't put pressure on people to come because what it works from a desire. It works from a passion. I'm not going to see brother Paul. I'm not going to see the music. I'll worship. I'm going because my soul is hungry. I've got to be in his presence. This doesn't work on an attendance schedule. This works on a hunger. This works on a passion. He said, "If God is in your heart, you can't wait till the doors are open. And if you don't have that this morning, and if I don't have enough, this is the one thing that we should be praying. Say, God, put such a passion in me that none of this is because I have to do it. It's because I need to do it. I have a desire. God has a place to meet that desire and I want to be where he's at. Blessed be his name. John Wesley said something. I'm going to read it about the man of God, about the woman of God, and I'm going to close on this statement. Praise the Lord. And we'll get back to this. Martin Luther said, "A believer, his heart is ever lifted up to God at all times and in all places. In this, he is never hindered, much less interrupted by any person or thing. In retirement or company, in leisure, in business or conversation, his heart is ever with the Lord." Whether he lie down or rise up, God is in his thoughts. He walks with God continually. Amen. That's my prayer this morning. John Wesley said he was catching it. David caught it in the Old Testament. If all these brothers have caught it, may we catch it this morning. Now, I could go another half hour and you know, I usually do. But you know what? I wonder even in this age we live in, we get so much information, we get overwhelmed. It's about the quality of what we receive, not the quantity. I've got quotes there and scriptures and I could go on and it keep echoing the same subject and I know you would say, "Amen." But I wonder sometimes even in our midst, we have so much information and so much coming to us that we just nod and that we go, "I don't want that, friends. I want God to change our desires and make us close to really wanting what David want. Say, God, you've given me so much today to take into my heart, but I don't want to overwhelm us. I I want it to I want us to be overflowing with his goodness, but I don't want it to be where it's there's no repentance. There's no prayer. So, I'm going to close this now and have the musicians come. But I think I should cut this short today for the purpose of what I'm preaching on. I think you should talk to the Lord. I think you should talk to the Lord. I think we should stand. Don't be diverted by the musicians or anything right now. I think we should just speak to the Lord because I've probably given enough today for us to chew on. Enough to reach out and say, "I want more of God. I need more of this. I need this one desire to be prominent in my life. We have so much. There's a scripture that says the prophets and sages would have longed to see the and hear the things that you hear. I think of David before Calvary and before the Holy Ghost. And one time the word was coming back and the ark was coming back and he began to dance. He began to get happy. His wife criticized him. He's acting like a crazy man. And that was the ark with the word in it. He had nothing compared to what you heard this morning. And I'm not saying I'm the preacher. I'm just saying we're hearing things, friends, and I don't want it to be information. I want it to be a revelation. I want church to be the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. I want you to leave saying he was here today. He was speaking to my heart. Can you imagine how David would act if he was in the service this morning? He was a shoutter. He was a dancer. And he got happy and danced. Even when it was the Ten Commandments in an arc, he got happy about that. Can you imagine how David would act after he heard a service like this? He just sneaks in. I wouldn't know what he looked like, but if I knew it was David, I'd let David be the speaker. Talk to us a little bit more about this one thing I desire. How did you discover that? But if he sneaked in, I wouldn't know what he looked at. I I think David would make his way all the way from the back to the front row. I believe he would be sitting on the front row. And when I would read my scripture, he'd probably already be up shouting. I remember saying that one thing I desired. Hey, he's talking about me. I see myself in the word. And then I elaborated. I show him the conditions we're living in. And he sees all these. You people, you live in these conditions. Can I testify? Can I say God bless you? Keep pressing on, brother and sister. I never had to live under those kind of pressures. You need to be in the presence of God more than anything else. David would preach back to us. Can you say amen? Amen. It's like Sherry's song that when we get to the other side, they say, "Are you she the bride of the the last days who stood the worst of times?" We're looking at people that lost their heads and they were their their babies were stripped from their tummies and all these other things. And we're we're looking at them as the heroes, but they'll look at the bride of the last days under Leodysia and the mental pressure and they'll look at you made it through Leodysia. You made it. Are you the one that made it? And we'll say only by the grace of God. Only by the Holy Ghost and his grace. We made it. Cuz there will be some overcomers to this Leodysian age. All the choices, all the desires, all the commercials, all the different things. And we just said, "But you know what? I don't want any of that. I just want to be where he's at. I get to preaching about Jesus and the rich young ruler. And you think David's going to sit sit still here? No. I think he'd be shouting the aisles. Glory be to God. Prophets and sages would have liked to heard what you heard this morning. Amen. If we get too much information, we'll take it for granted and we won't let it go to our desire. May the Lord help us to not take the quantity of things but the quality of his Holy Spirit in our lives. Can we pray? I just want to be where you are. Gideon, if you can sing it. Close your eyes. Bow your head. I just want you to speak to the Lord. How long has it been since he's heard your voice? [Music] I just want you to speak to the Lord. Maybe you just echo the things that you've heard this morning. Whatever it is you want to say to him. I long to see a a a true confession and repentance because I know that's the door to get back. That's the door to get back into where we should be. Never for it to be a pressure, but for it to be considered a privilege to be given the invitation to repent. I trust you'll do it this morning. Would you speak to him just now? Our dear Lord, there's times that we become aware, Lord, of your presence. We know that you're present among us. It makes me sometimes want to just step back and not say anything because Lord, you can say more by the Holy Spirit anointing than any man can ever say. Even though you speak through man, you can do more. You can say more. You can move upon someone right now with the spirit of repentance and bring them back. Lord, bring them into that place. So many of us, Lord, have under mental pressure and strains and depression. And I pray that person would reach into the heavens today. Reach their hand up and surrender. Lord, I don't know how how you're going to do it, but I surrender myself because I just want to be affected by where you're at and live in your presence. Bless these hungry hearts this morning. If there's a desire that's come from the world, if there's a desire that's not of you, I pray you'll take it out of them, Lord, and that you'd replace it and put within them such a hunger for Almighty God. May that hunger grow. May it become a passion. May it become a fervor, Lord, like it was with David, that he couldn't wait to come into his presence. He couldn't wait to be there to behold the beauty of the Lord. It was a person to him. It wasn't a building. It was a person. Lord, may every child of God here, may you become a person to them, real to them, not a book, not a tape, not just even a Bible, but introduce yourself as the author. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, I call for these souls to come closer to you through your anointing that's moving. Father, we commit it in Jesus' name. In Jesus name. We want to be Lord where you are. We want to be in your presence Lord every day. One thing have we desired. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just lift your hands and surrender. I just want to be. Just lift your hands and surrender. Dwelling day. Move our hearts Lord. Oh, I don't want to worship afar. [Music] I live near to where you are. I want to be where you are. Dwelling in your presence, feasting at your table. surrounded by your glory in your presence. That's where I always want to be. I just want to be I just want to be with you. [Music] Oh, I just want to be where you are. [Music] Dwelling daily in your presence. In your presence. In your presence. I just want to worship from. [Music] Draw me near to where you are. [Music] I want to be where you are. [Music] Dwelling in your presence. [Music] Feasting at your table. Surrounded by your glory in your presence. That's where I always want to be. [Music] I just want to be I just want to be with you. Would you lay your hands on one another just now, brothers and brothers and sisters and sisters, and utter some words to the Lord for one another. We need encouragement. We need the prayers of our brothers and sisters. We need one another more than we ever have. We need the Lord. We need the Lord in one another. of the body of Christ. Would you lift your voice and pray for your brother and sister just now? Heavenly Father, Lord, as we lay our hands on our brothers and sisters, we pray that you'll encourage them. You strengthen them, Lord. Whatever is lacking, Lord, in our lives, you're able to provide it, Father. Lord, wherever we are, you're able to find us, oh God. I pray, Lord, that you'll receive the repentance that's gone forward today. I pray you receive the heart that's searching today. I pray you'll receive those, Lord, that they don't know how to get out of a dark cloud. Bring them out. Shine your light, Lord. Shine your light upon them. We pray, God. I pray that we would this desire for you would grow deeper and deeper. Lord, I pray, Lord, in our young men and young young women that there'd be such a hunger for the Holy Ghost and for your presence and for the reality of God. We don't need a historical God. We need a a real God that can be on the scene, your presence to come into our home. Grant it, dear Lord. We pray. We trust in you. We believe, Lord, all things in your word will be accomplished. It will not return void. We trust in that, Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ, we thank you, Lord. Let's sing Take Me Deeper. Take Me Deeper. Praise the Lord. Sing it in worship together this morning. Anyone needs prayer, just come forward. We'll pray with you. I will seek your face, [Music] drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. [Music] My heart is found in you. A hope that will abide here in your presence forever satisfied. [Music] Take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close to your embrace. [Music] Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. Yes, Lord. I just want to love you more and more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. There is longing. Yes, Lord. There is longing. Only you can fill. Only you can fill a raging tempest. Only you can stand. [Music] My soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I'm known. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Oh, take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Take me deeper. Take me deeper. Oh, deeper in love with you, oh Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper. What a mighty God we serve. God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. You're welcome to worship as long as you want. If we can do anything in the service of the Lord to help you. That's what we're here for. And uh let's take this word home with us. Let's go before the Lord. Let's find that secret place with him and let's spend that time with him. Can you say amen? Amen. Praise be. What a mighty God we serve. Oh yes, what a mighty God. [Music] Hey, heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we Jesus is the God Jesus is the God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God we serve. [Music] Oh, [Music] Jesus is the God we serve. Oh, what a what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, bow before you. [Music] What a mighty God. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Oh what a mighty What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before heaven and earth. What a mighty God we serve. Oh God has given us the victory. Oh God has given us the victory by the word I s by the power of his. Oh God has given us the victory. Oh the victory. The victory. Oh God has given us the victory. Oh the victory. The victory. Oh yes. Oh God has given us the victory. Oh. Oh God has given us the victory. Oh God has given us the victory. Oh by the world. I saw the light by the power of his blood. Oh, God has given us the victory. The victory. The victory. Oh, God has given us the victory. Oh, victory. Victory. Oh, yes. Oh God has given us the victory and there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wondering power in the Would you be free? Would you be free from your burden of sin? Power in the blood. Power in the blood. Victory. Power. There is power. Power. [Music] [Applause] Power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from the passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Just come for a cleansing toy's time. There's wonderful power in the blood. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] There is power, power, wondering power in the preious blood of lamb. Oh, and you be wider, much wider than snow. There's power in the blood. There's power in the blood. Sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. Power working power. Oh, there is power. Powering power in the fresh blood of lamb. [Music] Amen. God bless you. You make us mist in the name of the Lord. Go on rejoicing this morning. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, you ask me why I'm happy. So, I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say, "My sins are gone." Yeah. Underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary has far removed his darknesses from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Was at the old time altar when God came in my heart. And now my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm so glad all my sins are gone. There cross darknesses from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness. good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and tried to make me down, I say all my sins are gone. You got me in trouble, but my Jesus got me out. I'm so bad. My sins are gone. all the cross of Calvary for this darkness from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness. It's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day. Why? Because all my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know my sins are gone. [Music] The cross of Calvary darknesses from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness. It's good enough for me. Praise God. Blessings are gone. They're underneath there of the cross of Calvary. Far remove this darkness from God. See God's forgiveness is good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. It makes me want to shout halleluah. Thank you Jesus. You're worthy of all the glory and all the honor, all the praise. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor, all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. [Music] When I think about the Lord, he saved me. He raised me. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. How he healed me to the uttermost when I think about the Lord. How he picked me up, turned me around. How he placed my feet on that solid ground. Oh, makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. Lord, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you, to feel your heart and know your mind. Looking in your eyes stirs up within me. Cries that say I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you more. First verse. Just the time I feel that I've been caught in the myself. Oh, in just the time I feel my mind's been marked by a worthy cloud. [Music] That's when the breeze begins to blow. I know your spirit call. Oh, and all my worldly wonderings trust me into his love for your I want to know more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you. To feel your heart and know your mind. Looking in your eyes stirs up within me. Christ that say I want you, Lord. know you. Oh, I want to know you more. And when my daily needs ordinary [Music] lose life and song my heart begins to believe sensitivity to is all gone. Oh, I run the race that set my own pace and face a shattered soul. [Music] out the gentle arms of Jesus on my heart to be home. Thank you. Lord, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know. [Music] Oh, I want to know. To feel your heart and all your mind. Looking in your eyes within me. cries that say, "I want to know you." [Music] Oh, I want to know you more.
