################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 2025.05.18AM - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Final Forming Of The Image Of Christ - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   2025.05.18AM - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Final Forming Of The Image Of Christ
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDCFYhHeL3Q
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Holy Ghana. [Music] There is no one else like you who you are. You do miracles so good. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one. Can we take it up one king? Can we take it up? Let's all stand and sing that you deserve glory. Oh, Lord, I lift. Lord, I lift my hands in worship as I bless your holy name. For you deserve the gloryy and the honor. Oh Lord, I lift my hands in worship. Yes, Luke. As I bless your holy name, for you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh yes. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. No, there is no one else like you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Francis, would you come up lead us in a word of prayer this morning? It's so good to be in his house this morning again. Aren't you glad to be here? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we we know we're standing in holy ground this morning, Lord. You're we can feel your presence this morning, just going into congregation this morning. Just we want to draw close to you today, Lord. We just don't want it to be just a a regular service this morning. We want to enter in that presence where everything is possible where we can elevate our faith, Lord, to receive from you this morning and just touch our heart, Lord. Restore our mind, Lord. Be with everybody this morning. And let let's fight this fight for for the Lord this morning. We just commit every spirit in your hand. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Are you expecting big things from the Lord today? Amen. Amen. You get what you expect. Amen. So come expecting great things. Amen. If you feel like you can't get past something in your life, ask the Lord. Amen. Seek and you shall find. Knock and you shall shall be open. Let's sing unto the Lord today with gladness. And you can clap your hands. You can just you can dance if you want to in the presence of the Lord. There's liberty in his presence. Amen. There's freedom in his presence. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this morning. First though, go and greet your neighbors. Go and greet your neighbors this morning. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. and baptize everyone. Oh Lord, oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize everyone. Oh Lord, oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. And baptize everyone. They were in an upper chamber. They were all in one accord when the Holy Ghost descended as was promised by our Lord. right now. Oh Lord, oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. And baptize it. Oh yes, this power from heaven descended with the sound of rushing wind. Tongues of fire came down upon them as the Lord said he would send. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power. Do you want it this morning? Oh Lord, send the power just now. And baptize everyone. Yes. This old time power was given to our fathers who were true. This is promised to believers and we all have it too. So Lord send the power just now. Oh Lord send the power just now. Lord send the power just now. and baptize. Sing it again. Oh Lord, oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Baptize [Music] everyone. Hallelujah. Do Do you desire that this morning? Amen. [Laughter] Rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. He drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Rejoice, rejoice. Look where he's brought us from. When you stop and think about it, just look what the Lord has done. First verse. Oh, I remember way back when I was living in darkness, he shined his light around me so I could see my way out. And when the lamb rose to claim, I clearly saw my name. And when I stopped to think about it, I let out a great big shout. [Music] Rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. Look what he's done. He drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Oh, [Music] rejoice. Look where he's brought us from. Thank you, Lord. When you stop and think about it, just look what the Lord has done. And you know the enemy is always trying to keep us defeated. He always seems to point us to everything that's going wrong. What if we only keep our eyes on the message we supplied? The joy will begin to swell up and you'll be singing a glad new song. Rejoice, rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. Hallelujah. Oh, he drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Oh, you got to rejoice. Look where he's brought us from. Yes, Lord. When you stop and think about it, just look what the Lord has last time. Oh, rejoice. Rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, rejoice. Oh, look where he's brought us from. When you stop and think about it, just look what the Lord has done. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. That song gets me excited. We have a reason to rejoice this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Amen. It's nice to see the sunshine. Amen. Are you happy for the sunshine? Getting past the winter and just seeing more of that. Amen. It lifts your not only your flesh, but uh lifts your spirit, even a soul. Amen. Just to see God's creation. If you look close enough, you'll see God everywhere in his creation. Amen. Praise the Lord. Today we did a little garden yesterday. I'm a little bit tired in body. We're both me and my father-in-law a little tired in body, but um we did that. It's always beautiful to see the planting. But you know, uh with time, you know, different, you know, weeds will come out and you just got to keep plucking plucking those weeds. And let that happen today in your garden. Amen. And if God has a weed that he needs to pull, you just be submissive to him and just let him pull that weed. Amen. And he'll he'll he'll make something maybe not so beautiful. Amen. He knows how to do that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. This is your house this morning. K of this is your house. Oh yes. Let him have his way. Father, come and dwell. Oh, this is your house. Oh, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. Oh, this is your house. Yes, Lord. Oh, this is your house. house. Come and dwell. Sing that again. Yield yourself now. Oh, this is your house. Father, Father, come and dwell. This is your house. Oh, it's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. Oh Lord, this is your house. Come and dwell. First verse we dedicate Lord Lord we dedicate this temple to you Lord. Is that your desire this morning Lord? Let your glory fill the sanctuary. Be enthroned on the praisees of your people. Lord we [Music] agree in unity Lord that this is your house father come and dwell. This is your house. Yes Lord. Oh, a holy house of prayer. And where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. Yes, Lord. Oh, this is your house. Take it up one. Come and dwell, Holy Spirit. Oh, Holy Spirit, overflow this place. Yes, Lord. Oh, and decorate our hearts with grace and mercy. Let it be, Lord. Let healing and revival find searching souls. Lord, have your [Music] way. We humbly pray. Oh, that this is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell and holy spirit you are welcome here. Come flood this place and fill the atmosphere in your glory. God is what our hearts long for. To be overcome by your presence, [Laughter] Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, your presence, Lord. Can we all stand this morning and sing that again? Holy Spirit, you are welcome. Holy Spirit, you are welcome here. Come flood this place and fill the atmosphere. Your glory, God is what our hearts long for. to be overcome by your presence, Lord, your presence, Lord. Oh, I love this. There's nothing worth. There's nothing worth more that could ever come close. Nothing can compare. You're our living hope. Yes, Lord. Lord, your [Music] presence, [Music] Lord. Oh, yes. I've tasted and seen. Oh, I've tasted and seen of the sweetest of love. When my heart becomes free and my shame is undone. All your shame is gone in your presence, Lord. Welcome his Holy Spirit right in your vessel this morning. Sing, Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, you are welcome. Come flood this place. Oh yes, Lord. Feel the atmosphere your glory. God is what our hearts long for. To be overcome by your presence, Lord. Oh, your [Music] presence, [Music] Lord. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. QFC this morning. Amen. Report before the prayer request would come. Amen. In his presence, we have security. Amen. Hallelujah. We're going to sing this song. Peace of God cover me Lord cover me. Oh cover me. Oh peace of God cover me through every storm. Through the storm. Lord cover me. Peace of God. Oh peace of God cover me. Oh cover me. Oh yes. Cover me. [Music] Oh peace of God, cover me through the storm. Lord, cover. Why don't you just lift your hands and testify? This is warning that only in you, only in you I am saved. [Music] Oh, and only in you I'm secure. Yes, Lord. Sing. Only in you I find peace, Lord. So cover me. Yes, Lord. Oh, cover me. Only you sing. Oh me, only in you I am safe. Yes, Lord. Sing. Oh me, only in you I'm secure. Yes, Lord. Oh me, in you I find peace. So cover me. Oh, cover me. Sing it with all your heart. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the stor. Oh, cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Peace of God cover me. Yes, Lord. Cover me. Oh, cover me. Oh, peace of God, cover [Music] me. Amen. We have uh tithes and offerings coming this morning. Come. Okay, perfect. Amen. Let's just sing I surrender all this morning. And um you may be seated. We'll have uh sister Paula Cely come on up. Prepare. I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all. All to thee my blessed Savior I surrender. Last time I surrender all. Oh I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, all to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. [Music] I want to dedicate this to my cousins. I know what it feels like to wake up in a fog. You wonder where is God through what I'm going through. God just parts the fog and said just trust me. That's hard. I know it's so hard. But we can't see his plan all the time, but we just trust what he's [Music] doing. All things work for our good. Sometimes we can see how they [Music] could. Struggles that break our hearts into sometimes blind us to the truth. [Music] But our father knows what's best for [Music] us. He his ways are not our own. But when our pathway grows dim and you cannot see [Music] him, remember you're never alone. Cuz God is too wise to be mistaken. And God is too good to be unkind. [Music] And when you don't understand, when you can see his plan, when you can trace his hand, trust his [Music] heart. He sees the master plan. He holds our future in his hands. So don't live as those who have no hope. For our hope is found in him. We see our present clearly, but he sees the first and the last. Like a tapestry, he's weaving you and me to someday be just like him. For God is too wise to be mistaken. And God is too good to be unkind. And when you don't understand, when you can't see his plan, when you can't trace his hand, trust his heart. He alone is faithful and true. He alone knows what's best for [Music] you. Cuz God is too wise to be mistaken. God is too good to be unkind. And when we don't [Music] understand, when we can't see his plan, when you can't trace his hand, trust his heart, we can trust his heart. when we can trace his hand. We can always trust his [Music] heart. Praise the Lord. His hand. We need to trust his heart. Praise the Lord. And when you know the heart of God, it changes the whole picture. Praise the Lord. Well, God bless you this morning. It's great to fellowship with you and be in the house of the Lord. I can't think of better times than when we spend in his presence. the potential and the expectation of what God could do in our lives, what he could deposit in us. That's pretty exciting. Praise the Lord. So, I just ask you to trust him and yield your heart today. We welcome the different visitors with us. The um Spanish people from Detroit, God bless you. We had a chance to be with you. God bless you all. And uh the Ramlaws are here and for the big shower yesterday. Leo Leo is on his way. Leo Leaf Fontaine is on his way and very soon. But was good to have brother Reggie, sister Charmela here and Joelle and tonight, brother Joelle take the tri-state youth meeting. So invite all the young people and all you older people are welcome as well for the five o'clock service this afternoon uh for the young people, but it's for everyone. Those that are young at heart as well. Amen. And I wasn't helping my son Gideon with the garden yesterday. His father-in-law, but his father wasn't helping. I did enough of that already. Uh and uh so but I am glad he's doing a garden and I'm glad his father-in-law is teaching them how to do it among other things. We appreciate that. All the other visitors that's with us this morning, uh sister Barb, God bless you. Good to have you with us. And we have bring your name before the Lord every now and then and your family's loss and uh heaven's gain but your loss. And so I God I pray God has a continual comfort to your heart during these times and God has been with you and continue to be with you. Praise the Lord. God is good all the time. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, we'll just if you get your Bibles, we'll stand and read together this morning and spend some time in the word of God and trust this will be a blessing to you. I want to read a couple of places um that kind of unique that I found last night to go with our subject. and we're going to go to Philippians chapter 3 and we'll read that first and we'll go to 2 Corinthians 3. The main text this morning will come out of Psalms 27, but we'll get there just a little bit later. But first, let's just pick up these and I won't read them again, but I want to uh put these in your mind and in your heart. Philippians chapter 3 um verse 20 and 21. And I just ask you to pay attention to uh the word of God this morning and uh trust the Lord will take over in our service today. And we trust his heart, don't we? When we when we can't trace his hand, we trust his heart. Verse 20 says, "For our conversation is in heaven." Some of these appear to be kind of deep things, but they're not really deep. Paul's trying to bring us something here. Conversation in the Bible usually means your manner of life. It's not just what you're saying. It's actually both. So our manner of life and our conversation, our manner of life and also our words, our conversation, our manner of life is in heaven. So it's in a different place. Even though we're here, our focus, our our our our bent, our our manner of life is has a focus. It's not an earthly focus. It's a heavenly focus. So our conversation is in heaven from whence also we look for the savior the Lord Jesus Christ who shall change our vile body. So now here's the body change. Who shall change our vile body that it may be fashioned or formed like unto his glorious body according to the working whereby he is able even to s subdue all things unto himself. So I want you to notice in two scriptures here before there's a body change before there's a rapture our focus and our place that we've come to has a heavenly focus already. So we come into this place before the body change and then the body change and while that's happening our bodies and our uh character is being formed like unto his glorious body. So, I want you to keep that thought in mind. And let's just add in 2 Corinthians chapter 3. 2 Corinthians chapter 3 and uh verse 15. It's good to also have my daughter in today. Gabriella uh married a guy, ran off to Washington, and uh didn't have any choice in the matter. Uh but it's always nice to have her visiting in town. 2 Corinthians chapter 3 and verse uh 15. But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the veil is upon their heart. Nevertheless, when it shall turn to the Lord, and it there he means Israel, when the nation of Israel, when they'll turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. How important is it is to see the Lord, not just uh Bibles and words, and because the Jews were they had the words read to them, but because they had a veil, they couldn't see the word, right? But when they turn the the Lord of the Lord of it, and they met him personally, the veil gets taken away. And so, um, let's just finish it here. He says, uh, 2 Corinthians and let me finish verse 15. Um, I just want to not, okay, nevertheless, verse 16, when it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. Now, the Lord is that spirit, and where the spirit of the Lord is, there's liberty. But we all with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord are changed. So it brings all of us in now. We're changed into the same image from glory to glory even as by the spirit of the Lord. Amen. May God bless his word this morning. Heavenly Father, we are grateful to be in your house, Lord. We have enjoyed the songs. We have expressed our hearts to you, Lord, in the best way that we can. And Lord, now we look to you, Father, to come and uh present yourself to us, Lord. The the love for you is growing so much, Father. And I'm thankful for all that you have done, that you're doing, and Lord, the expectation of what you will do. Bless every soul that's present here, those listening online. I pray there would be a refreshment in the Holy Ghost. Come to each life. I pray you'll meet every person where they're at, Lord, and love them where they're at. Lord, may we hear from the song this morning and apply it to our lives that when we can't see and trace your hand that we would just trust your heart because Lord, we have that confidence today that every soul is in the palm of your hand and you know where we are and you know where we're going. So I pray, Father, that you'll give a vision to each person today of their future. Lord, we know our past and the devil uses our past to beat us up. But Lord, may we get a vision of the future you have for us and we place that in your hands by the anointing of the Holy Ghost in Jesus name. Amen. How best you may be seated. There's a quote from St. Martin. St. Martin was the church age messenger to the Ephesus murder Pergamus church age, the third one. And uh there's a quote I wanted to put up of him that is in relation to what we're speaking this morning. I thought it was uh really amazing that he has this insight back then early on. But he just says this. St. Martin says, "Allow me, brothers, to look toward heaven rather than at earth. Allow me, brothers, to look toward heaven rather than at earth, so that my spirit may set on the right course when the time comes for me to go on my journey to the Lord. I'm going to read it again. Allow me, brothers, to look toward heaven rather than on at the earth. So that it's he's he's expressing kind of like a prerequisite or a pre uh condition before the body change, before the coming of the Lord. The condition is is that may I set my eyes and everything towards heaven and get it off the earth and get it towards heaven first so that my spirit is set in the right direction. How many this morning I'm going to bring it in our terms. How many this morning would love to have that rapturing faith to be raptured? You know the promise right now in front of us is the rapture. This is the coming of the Lord. And so I would want to know anything that the scripture brings me to set me in a place and in a condition to be ready and set in the right direction for the rapture. That's everything to me. It's not about making money. Can you say amen? It's not about all the things of earth. That's fine. Uh I thank the Lord he's blessed us with a little funds to be able to pay our bills. But my focus is this promise. I want to get out of here. I want to see this rapture take place. We've been waiting for how long now? Two 2,000 years that's been promised. And so I thought this was wonderful and I'll just bring it in our terms. In other words, what Martin is saying here is before the journey, he is coming into a certain place and that place that is setting him above earthly things, that place sets him in the faith for a body change. That's in my own words, words that we understand more because when he speaks of the coming of the Lord, then uh we know he's talking about a rapture and a body change. So now he has a place that he wants to set himself in. Goes along with the text of the scripture. Now last Sunday we preached on the final forming of the image of the beast. And uh I took some took the prophecies in Revelations 13 trying to post the church where we're at right now uh in in politics, in world governments, in the things that are happening recently in the news. And uh we should all be alert to realize that we're not where we were 20 years ago or 50 years ago, but things are moving along and there's an accumulation of prophecy that happens quicker as we get closer. And so I I titled it the forming of the prophecy because the image of the beast is supposed to be something that would form more and more over time. But in the it comes out of the United States, the image of unto the beast. And so we we I was trying to bring up the recent election of the pope and different things. We can never attach these things because we're not prophets to do that. But if we look in the scripture, there's there's many things that are conditions. And what I was trying to bring is that there's prophecies that need to be fulfilled. And conditions will help form the prophecy to bring it to pass. So the conditions of the world, the nations and the world and uh uh businessmen and what they're doing and trading and doing all this stuff and countries coming together in unity. This is all preparing conditions for one thing, for this word to be fulfilled because the conditions have to be right in order for the word to be fulfilled. And I was here to say last Sunday that that there's a quicker forming going on that as we see there has to be a tie from that beast system on the other side of the ocean. There has to be a tie to the United States. It's a pretty close tie when you've picked a pope from the United States. Okay? So I don't have any business interpreting that. But I I say safely there's things forming that are forming what? The prophecy to be fulfilled. Amen. the conditions. And I've re I've said many times that Joseph maybe didn't even realize why he was called all of a sudden to go back to his hometown of Bethlehem. Politics and laws changed overnight. And all of a sudden, Joseph was going, "I don't know why, honey, but we've got to go back and I've got to go back and pay my taxes and go back to the place I was born." So he packs up Jesus, packs up his family, doesn't even know all the reasons why, but I can tell you he's being positioned for Christ to be born. He's being positioned for the prophecy to take place. So do you think Trump and all the other ones with him and all the leaders of this world are really making their own decisions? Do you think they can be arrogant, say, "Look what I'm doing?" Because, uh, how should I say it? Some of them are pretty arrogant. Look what I'm doing. Billions and billions. I've practiced that quite a bit. Billions and and and taking the credit for it. These men are working according to the prophecy of God's word. And the events are forming into that image of the beast being formed from here in the United States. And all the world will wonder after the beast. Can you say amen? And then it has a front of Christianity. I don't want to get too much on that because that's not my subject today. But the conditions over time meet up with the fulfillment. And I feel there's several things that's happened. I I just mentioned this. We have not had a superman or what they call him a rockar type person rise to a prominent uh position that he's acknowledged around the world except for for a few. But this we have a business superman. And I'm not discrediting him at all as a man. And I'm just saying that we've never had a president rise that's trying to accomplish so many things so fast. Looks like he has a lot of success at it and he's becoming worldrenowned as being a businessman that's getting the job done and his name is upon the lips of every news everything. It's a prominent it's everybody looking. It's a everybody watching. It's a superman a super businessman that a lot of the people are following after. And guess what? If we get a Superman that's going to solve all of our so-called problems economically around the world, it only sets the people's hearts to get another Superman, somebody to rise in the religious realm. And not just the religious realm, but Christianity, so-called Christianity. Yeah. So you watch this Superman rise as he acknowledged around the world and he's he's affecting everything around the world. Just his presence walking in the room. That really says something because we're going to have another religious Superman rise and become become the incarnate antichrist. This is all scripture. Now this superman's making covenants and making trade deals and negotiating because he's a professional negotiator. And so now that's something significant for the other religious superman because even the book of Daniel says he'll form a contract with Israel that he'll break within days. So it's all about making contract, making negotiations and the Superman is going to make it. I'm only saying this to say the hour is short and things are forming into the prophecy being fulfilled. Can you say amen? But the forming of an image to the beast in the United States is not the only prophesi prophecy that's forming right now. Let's switch it over to our side. Let's switch it over to another prophecy that's important to us. Where if they're being formed in their hearts to accept the image of the beast and to swallow it, there's a people of God being formed to come into the prophecy of the rapture. And it's a great secret working go going on. But I'm telling you, if he's forming that to come to pass real soon, he's forming a bride. He's forming a people. Can you say amen? And they're being formed into what? This prophecy of the rapture. It's not even an event. I said it a few weeks ago. It's not an event. The rapture. I am the event. You are the event. It's not something we're looking. No, no. It's we're going to fulfill this prophecy. But you have to be formed by conditions to come into that place. And despite yourself, sometimes if we just yield to the Lord, God will form you into a rapturing faith and a rapturing condition. How many would raise your hand and say, "That's where I want to be right there. Whatever God's got to do to form me into meeting that prophecy, God, may you do it." Yes. Praise the Lord. So, we're being formed uh first of all into the image of Christ. How many believe that? So, this today is the fi final forming of the image of Christ. Last Sunday was the final forming of the image of the beast. But this is the final forming into the bride coming into the image of Christ. And that's unfolding almost daily. And it should tell us that God is doing a work within us. And God is fashioning us. God is forming us. Even the Bible says these vile bodies are being formed to uh like his own glorious body. And so uh if you go back to the garden of Eden, there was a beast, a serpent bearing the image of Satan. In the garden of Eden, there came a a beast which was called the serpent and he was bearing the image of Satan. That beast was bearing the image of Satan. Then there was a son of God, Adam, that that God's son was made in the image of God. Everybody understand that? So we have a a a vessel there of the beast or the serpent bearing the image of Satan. And we have a son of God that we know is bearing the image of God. He was made in the image of God. And so then speed 6,000 years now to the end. At the end, there's only two things being formed right now. And that's an image under the beast and the image under Christ or images of Christ in his sons and daughters. Conditions become honed in to help both of these images form and we're getting closer and closer and the bride is being formed by this word in manifested sons of God. It didn't happen overnight. It's taken many, many years, but I believe we are on the final forming of this bride coming into the image of Christ. There will be a rapture. Can you say amen? If you don't get anything else, there will be a rapture because the Bible said there will be a rapture. And that rapture isn't an event. That rapture is a people. And there will be a people despite our weaknesses, despite all that we've been through, despite our past. If we get into this rapture, it'll be by his grace, not our works. It'll be God provided rapturing faith to us and we latch on to it. And it won't be because of our works. It'll be in rapturing grace. One place, Brother Brand refers to it, rapturing grace. I'm glad it's called that because I don't work my way into a rapture. His grace provides a way and I'm gonna be a part of it. If it's in the morning or if it's next year, I'm going to be a part of that rapture. I'm being formed into that. Somebody ought to shout, "Praise the Lord. I'm going to be there." That promise is mine. It needs to be yours. We are in the final forming. Now, let me say something. In the early years of this message, and and I don't know, I might have to edit this out. We'll see. But it's just us here, right? and and everybody internationally watching the internet. In the early years of the message, it was all about getting the outside right. And it's not such a bad thing, but it turns out to be a bad thing because what it really was is that we really didn't see what God had given us. We didn't see it in all of its glory. There were still some veils over us. So, we're looking at the message he sent us in in the last days through Malachi 4:5. We're looking at it through baby eyes or immature eyes. And there's nothing worse than taking something so precious that comes from God and putting it in the hands of immature babies because we're not going to handle it right. We're not going to get it right. We're not going to see it right. And so, because of that, we're going to administer it wrong. I'm talking about preachers especially nothing worse than the word being in the hands of an immature preacher. So in the early days of this message and I can safely say this because I privileged been privileged to grow up in it seen a lot of stuff. I'm not going to talk about the stuff but it's it's it's it was all about getting the outside right. taking the message in the hands of immature men and pulling out and looking saying, "Okay, if we can get everybody looking right, if we can get all the women looking right, if we can get all the men looking right, if we can get everybody looking right on the outside, what this message says, uh, then then we're good. We're good." But we're not good if we get the whole outside looking right. It's not the way God works. God doesn't work from the outside in. God works from the inside out. Why didn't we catch that? because we're looking at it through immature eyes and we're saying, "Okay, here's the message. If we can get all the women and men looking good and all the teenagers and we get them all just right, then we're ready for a rapture." Absolutely not. Come on now. So, this is some of the immaturities in the early days of the message. And unfortunately, some of those things continue on today. I don't want to be a part of that. And you know why I've changed? Because I keep looking at this thing. I keep looking at this word. I keep going back and looking at this message. And every time I look, I catch something deeper. Praise the Lord. The message groups are full of it of handling even church situations in an immature way. Corinthian church was an immature church. They had all the gifts. They had all the moving of the spirit. But they handled things in an immature way. And Paul rebuked them for it. So, you're believers. He didn't unbelieverize them. He didn't uncristianize them. You're believers. You got the Holy Ghost, but you're acting immature. They were suing one another in court for their disputes with one another. He said, "What are you doing?" Aren't you mature enough to judge matters amongst yourself and fussing among yourself? You're going to the law with one another. and he's rebuking their immature judgment of matters internally didn't have the maturity to handle it like adults and I mean adult Christians right so we have a we've had a lot of that and we can't produce the right thing which is the image of Christ in people when we have the power of the word in immature people or immature preachers how many would just agree with me you can't get to the image of Christ in people if your handling this message with in immature preachers hands or immature people's hands, you're not going to get there. It's not going to happen. So then at through the years of the message as we grew and we formed, it's getting closer and closer now to the right thing. Wednesday night's message was an example of the level that we've moved to uh in this word. It's absolutely incredible. It's getting closer to the right thing now. Not working from the outside in, but working from the inside out. us being changed by his glory and from glory to glory to glory. It's not one night at an altar. It's you stay in front of this and you keep going back and looking at it and you're seeing this not as a law, but you see the Lord of this message. And if you're looking at the Lord, you are changed from glory to glory to glory. That's a process. That's not one night in an altar. And anybody who's still preaching it's all done at one night at an altar is not preaching the full council of this word. Just come to the altar. It's all over. God can change you in m one minute. But you are a baby and you begin to grow in the word of God. And you keep looking at this. It'll keep changing you from glory to glory to glory. And the biggest change will be down in the soul. Then it grows out of the soul to your spirit. Then it grows out of your spirit to your body. Then brother Bram says it grows out of your soul up into your mouth that you start talking right. The Holy Ghost gets in your mouth that you stop cursing and you stop gossiping. The Holy Ghost has not got in your mouth yet. If you're still gossiping, now then he says the Holy Ghost, you just burst out like a and it grows from your mouth up into your eyes and you look at the right things and you only want to look at the word and you're not giving yourself permission to dabble in things of the world because the Holy Ghost got in your eyes. Yes. He says, "Then you get to be a real mature thing and it grows right up in your mind. Let the mind of Christ be in you." That we start to think like Jesus. Somebody ought praise the Lord. If I don't stay up here, I won't finish my notes. So, it's forming into You know what? This message has brought us back to the scripture opening with the veils off. It's forming into something bigger than our little minds can fathom. Our little peeon minds can't fathom what God has brought us in this message. And it's going to do it despite all the bad that we have seen, despite all the immaturity we have seen. Uh, and I just feel like I was telling the ministers the other day the stages some of the ministers I was saying this the stages we went through with having this wonderful message is I've watched and how can I just bring this we as I said the early years we said okay if we can get the dress right then we're fine then we walk away and say okay we got all the dress right we got everybody conformed to the dress code then the Lord says but go back and look at that message again. Go back and look. So, we said, "Okay, we'll go back and look." Then we go back and look and then the 70s right there. Then we realize what my dad and I caught. Uh we were up in Canada. My dad was a pastor in Canada. And he only seen the message. Can I be honest with you? He only seen this message as God sent a prophet. And that was the message to him. But through a few meetings of brother Lonnie Jenkins come in and some other ministers mo mostly brother Lonnie Jenkins who's going on to his gone on to his reward now through his ministry the word opened up to us and we looked at the message again and realized this message isn't just that God sent a prophet there's a third pole in here there's an opening of the word to the bride so why did I get that because the Holy Spirit whisper said go back and look at that message again go back and look at it again now as you go through the years It's always been the Holy Spirit saying, "I know you feel like you got it now." And all the conventions, glory, the third pull. The third pull, the opening word. And then he's saying, "Go back and look again. Cuz there's more in there. You're missing some parts." And me for a minister, I'm telling you, I've learned. I don't have to hear him say that. I'm going back and looking again because what the devil is labeling this as being a cult and and and his his terrible uh interpretation of what this is and judging us by the dress code all no the dress code that's not even brother Brandham's message that came from the holiness movement that sisters should dress in different than men that didn't come from brother Brandham it came from the word and it came from the holiness restoration so every time I go back now. You look at the quote that some of the quotes brother Steve Brassan read here, some of the quotes that I've read recently, and it's like, I never knew that was in there. And one sentence can just open up a world of revelation. And the devil who puts a taint on this to get people to there's something wrong with it. It's not there's nothing I told this to one of my children yesterday. There's nothing wrong with what God sent us. But the devil would like us to take people and situations and preachers that have heard us and taint the the precious jewel of this message that God has given us. And what you need to do is get your eyes off of people and get your eyes on what this is. Go back and look at it again. I'm not being mean with you. I'm just saying go back and look at it again. People, you know, you don't like to be told what to do. And when somebody tells me what to do, I say, "You can't tell me what to do. You're not my granddaughter. Only she's allowed to do that." Uh, you ever see one of those uh pictures and uh and in the picture they list all the stuff that's in the picture and you got to find it. There's four dogs in there and there's three chickens and there's four cows and there's five lions and you're looking at saying, "Where in the world is that?" So, you have to keep looking at it and you go down the list. Okay, okay, I found two chickens. Okay, there's the third chicken and I I only got two dogs so far. And if you walk away and say, "I'm good." You're not going to get the reward. So, you you keep looking at this picture and guess what? They're all in there. Yeah, but you walked away and quit looking at it. The glories of the Lord, all of the glory of God is in the word of God. But people stop looking at it. There's cows in there and there's four five lions and four cows and you say, "I can't find I just I'm missing just that two lions and I'm missing it." Go back and look at it again. You said it was in there, but I can't find it. You can't give up. Are you listening to me today? You can't give up on this message. You can't uh this this is a son of man revealing the son of man. And you can't you got to go back and look at it again because you're not seeing it right yet. And there's nothing so great as when you you can go off the list and check the list. I found the cows. I found the lions. I've got We're all And the picture is I've got it figured out. Anybody ever go into Home Depot and you're looking for something maybe like I don't know a transformer or some type of battery or something and you're looking for it and you're looking for this part particular model and there's nothing there. It's it's all gone. And so you go up front and you say, "I want this particular model of uh this this product." And they say they look it up, you know, It says it says we have five in the store and so you're you're you're longing for them to help you out a little bit further. But they say it says there's five in the store. So I said so well where do you Well we'll go back there and look go back and look again in that area and see what you can find and and keep looking. So you go back and do that. You can't find it you come back. But you see now you're trusting. And they're saying there's and I always say to him, I said, "Is there five in this store or is it in the store in Parisburg?" No, it says there's five in this store. And if it says there's five, they are in this store. I don't know if you have any, but this this can be frustrating. And so, you know, okay, can you get somebody to help me? And so, finally, they do. And listen friends, we need help with that Bible and this message. You better not do it on your own. You better call on the Lord's help. It's him that opens your eyes. Holy SK Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost is one who comes alongside to help. And he's the teacher. You need him alongside so he can take the veils off your eyes. You can see this message, right? And I just get that guy and finally they call somebody over and you know I'm in there another 20 minutes waiting and they get the they come over and say so he's looking through it. He's doing the same thing I did. He's looking through it. I don't see it either but it says there's five here and then then all of a sudden he looks up and he says, "Oh, there it is. It's in that big box up there on top." And he says, "They're up there." Yes, but I can't get up there. But something drops in my heart. It's in the store. It's here. I wonder if some of you are thinking, "Boy, some of his examples are just juvenile. That's all there is to it." But this is the way I think about things because, you know, I get great revelations while I'm in Home Depot. But I can tell you that it takes them to get that tractor and bring it over and takes them to lift us higher. Whether that guy or me, you, we have to be lifted higher in order to get the stuff that we don't have yet. But guess what? It's in the store. It's in the word. It's in the message. You have to stay there because thanks be to God, it's not in another store. It's not coming out of some denominational system. It's not even coming out of Literal Life Church. It's in that word and you got to climb higher to go get it. You got to be willing to say, "Lord, I see it's in the room. It's here." And listen, let me talk about a little room because that was the last stage of the prophet's vision. It wasn't the big tent meeting with big crowds. It was in a little room to the side. And the little room is the final stage. Going through that little room, they come out healed on the other side. They come out of body change and where was it? It's in the little room and nobody went in there with them. There's a line up there. There's somebody taking their names. That's in the vision. And then they go individually. You don't go as a crowd in that little room. You don't go as a as literal life as a congregation. No, you come in that little room yourself. Can you say amen? You step into there yourself. Wow. that needs to be cleaned in there. It's not a crowd. It's not know the vision. It's the little room. But guess what? It's in the little room. If you were looking for How many's ever lost something and you remember that it was this room that you lost it in. So that helps matters. But you can't find it in the room. You know, it was your energy pills because I'm talking about the rapture. It was your and you can't but but the one thing you know they're in this room somewhere. That's right. So that helps you. It's in the room. It's in the room. So you keep and you can stay within that room and keep looking and keep looking until you find cuz you know they're not somewhere else out there. They're in that little room. You're injured pills and you've got to find them. Can you say amen? You can't look any other place in this world cuz you know that's the room that you will find them in. What do you do? Go back and look again. Can you say amen? You will find rapturing faith in this little room. Nowhere else. God says, "Go back and look again." So, the current conditions are met for the promise of the rapture. These conditions are being used. I'm going to move to that now in Psalms 27. The conditions are being used to form us into the promise and cause us to run into that room with him. Cause us to run in that secret place with him. I know some of you this morning possibly, well, I know for sure. I know some of my congregation you ran from him for years. Don't know what you ran from. I I don't think some of you ran from him. I think you ran from the presentation of him. Can I get an amen? You ran from something. And but you know what? If you're his child, he will love you and make it so that you'll run to him and not away from him. Can I get an amen? He'll love you that much. All of a sudden, he he creates the conditions in this world, the trials of your life. He creates the conditions that you're not running from him anymore. You're running towards him. The name of the Lord is a strong tower wherein the righteous run into it and they are safe. What makes you run to it? Because usually we run away like they did in the Garden of Eden. We run away. His love comes over our life and causes us to run into him. Run into his place of safety. So you live in a time of trouble. What's the answer? To hide you in a secret place. Turn with me to Psalms 27. And this is the text brother Brandham used for the rapture. So, we keep looking at the one of my favorite chapters in the Bible is Psalms 27 because it is related to the conditions and the place that we're in before the rapture. Psalms 27. Let's read it together and we're going to break it down a little bit today. You got time with me? We're going to break down the conditions that surrounding the rapture in Psalms 27. So, it's all a secret. It's about a secret place. How many know the rapture is a secret? It's a secret catching away. So all this becomes a secret. And there's actually a secret place of his pavilion that he hides us in that's related to the rapture. No one will even see what's going on in this forming that's going on in this secret place. One day we'll just be gone. But before we're gone, he has to hide us. He has to protect us. And what we learn in this place, if we'll get in it, we learn to overcome these conditions. And we learn to run and hide with him. The safest place to be is in that pavilion with him. And we learn to run to him. We learn to stay in that place with him because the conditions are too overwhelming for you. But this place is so powerful that we actually get two things. We overcome and live above the conditions and we're raptured out of the conditions. It's pretty powerful place. It's pointing us to a place Psalms 27. A position we get into the rapture hiding and living above conditions. Hold that thought. Let me just say it this way. Isolated or more specifically insulated. Because we're not totally isolated from the conditions around us, but we can be insulated from it. spiritually insulated. I like that. So, it says in Psalms 27, "The Lord is my light, my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid?" I'm going to read through it and then I'll come back and comment on the conditions. When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh. They stumbled and fell. Though, and host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. One thing have I desired of the Lord that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my talking about a dwelling place. Dwelling place. Can you say amen? To behold the beauty of the Lord to inquire in his temple. For in the time of trouble I did a series on the time of trouble. In the time of trouble what's he going to do? Uh in the time of tr trouble try to become a governor of your state and change the laws. In the time of trouble go out and protest and put signs up against transgender. In the time of trouble, fight back. Fight, fight, fight. No. In the time of trouble, he shall hide me. That's God's answer. Come on now. He'll hide me. That's good. Time of trouble, he'll hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me up upon a rock. And now shall mine head be lifted above mine enemies round about me. Therefore will I, notice this position. Now, your head lifted up above your enemies, not below. above. Therefore will I offer in this tabernacle sacrifices of joy. I will sing. Yay. I will sing praises unto the Lord. Hear, oh Lord, when I cry with my voice. Have mercy also upon me and answer me. When thou sayest, seek me my face. My heart said unto thee, thy face, Lord, will I seek. Hide not thy face far far from me. Put not thy servant away in anger that thou hast been my help. Leave me not, neither forsake me, oh God of my salvation. When my father and my mother forsake me, then the Lord will take them up. Teach me, take me up, teach me, oh Lord, and lead me in the plain path because of mine enemies. Deliver me not over the unto the will of mine enemies, for false witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty. I have faded unless I believe to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living. Wait on the Lord. Be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart. Wait, I say, wait on the Lord. I love it. So now if we break this down, what's the conditions before rapture that we're under? First of all, in verse one, fear and being afraid. More extreme than any other thing taking over people's lives. And Jesus said it about the end time. Men's hearts shall fail them for fear. I'm amazed how many Christians sometimes making decisions and the motivation is not faith. It's based out of fear. They're afraid. They're even doing things of the Lord sometimes, but they're doing it. Are you listening? If you obey the commandments of the Lord out of fear. They must not be done out of fear. They must be done out of faith. But the whole generation is full of fear, being afraid. I got to move on to the next one. Verse two. There are forces who are out to destroy the body. There are demon um demonic uh forces in the realm that bring physical attacks against our body. Sicknesses, diseases, they're increasing. And so in this generation, a great condition that challenges us and makes us discouraged is the attack from the enemy to eat up my flesh. In other words, that's an attack on your physical body. Okay? this condition of this time. Always remember, always remember uh that it's the enemy that's doing that. It's some force that's against you. The doctor doesn't even know that. So, we appreciate doctors, but you have to realize that when we're under these conditions, if he can get you down physically, he discourages you when you're physically down and you're physically sick. He did it with Jesus when he was hungry. He attacked them at his weakest point. If he can attack you physically with demons in the in the uh in the realm what brother Bram call it in the in the in the u physical realm demons in the physical realm making us sick making us and so now we have more sickness than we've ever had. We have more migraines than we ever had. We have more sickness more medicine but more sickness than we've ever had. So what is that? What is what is that? Science should have solved the problem already. And we appreciate science, but why do we have more sickness? More medicine, but more sickness. Why do we have that? Because of the conditions before rapture. This is the attack from the enemy. Can you say amen? So number three, verse three, what's another condition? Though a host should encamp against me, my heart shall not. So now it's about the heart. It's about your spirit. And though war should rise against me, and this will I be confident. So the feeling in your heart of feeling surrounded, feeling overwhelmed in your spirit, feeling overwhelmed in your mind, this is a condition that I think is even worse today. Mental illness is worse than physical illness today. And they say in mental and and uh and heart, it it it's it's something that it overwhelms the mind and it overwhelms the heart. spoke on it a few months ago. Jesus said, "Take heed to yourself that you're not overburdened by the cares of life." The the trait of this age is being over our minds are not meant to handle all this pressure. That's right. And the minds are going mental because it's just it's it's like it feels like David said this feels like because remember David is speaking he's speaking about terms of being a warrior but he's saying what you'll feel like in your generation in rapture time he's prophesying you'll feel like you're sitting somewhere and there's a host encamped around you and you're surrounded by the devil and your mind feels that way. They tell me that a panic t a panic attack is feeling overwhelmed and then it's all coming at you and it hits you all at once and you have a panic attack. There it is right there in the scripture. Feeling overwhelmed. Verse seven says, "I cried." Sometimes you're so bad that in this generation, you're crying out for God's mercy with a loud urge in your heart. You're just crying out. I won't ask for hands, but I know I've done it. Is that you're just crying out, God have mercy on the situation. God have mercy on this. God have mercy. There's a cry. We're crying sometimes in this journey because we're human beings. It's okay to cry. Can you say amen? Crying out for God's mercy. Verse nine, the feeling I want to elaborate on this one. Are you still with me a little bit? Verse nine, hide not thy face from me. Put not thy servant away in anger. Thou hast been a help. Leave me not, neither forsake me, oh God. Now David addresses God and he says it's the feeling that God is angry with you, that he's turned away his face and God has forsaken you. Now, let me ask this question. When I read that last night, is that true that God has forsaken you? That can't be true. That's right. Not to his elect, not to his sons and daughters. But the feeling, the feeling is that you feel he's turned his face away. He's angry with me, and he's forsaken me. It's not true, but it's so real to you that you feel like God has forsaken you. Yeah. God, I don't feel his presence. I don't think he's there. And often, and I try to be careful because people start blaming God for things and God's forsaken me and I've crossed the line. And I try to be careful because you have to have a care for their heart because they're feeling that. You can get them admit, you know, that's not true that God's forsaken you. He doesn't forsake. I will. He says, "I will never leave thee or forsake thee." Right? That's what his word says. But the feeling of it is God has turned his anger towards me. God has forsaken me. Guess what? Jesus said it at the cross. In other words, he come into such a dark time and such a low, the spirit left him in the garden and he's there going to the cross according to what the prophecy said he would do. And it's so dark and he feels so distant from God that he cries out, "My God, my God, why have thou forsaken me?" Jesus felt that. Aren't you glad he felt that feeling? Our Lord felt like what it felt like that the father had forsaken him. But it wasn't true. The father was right there ready to fulfill his word. But he Jesus had to go through that so he would understand us when we go through this last days condition of feeling like we're forsaken by God. I've got to move on here now. But now we move to the next place and that's verse 10. And this is probably the one of the hardest ones. When my mother and my father forsake me. What a generation of a breakdown of families. Brother Steve spoke on it a few weeks. the voice of the father to a son missing in this generation. All of his confidence is is is is uh formed by the approval of the father and you're not getting it because there's a breakdown of fathers. Then mothers that that woman she looks even to the voice of the father, the approval of the father and generationally we're not getting it. Even in some of our message homes there's a breakdown of parents. And why are they broke down? There's no sense in blaming your parents for bringing this message the wrong way. They're supposed to because their parents were broke down and their prayers were broke down. So, can I say something about this is that you can live your whole life being a victim that my parents didn't do me right. It's time to say, "Okay, we know that, but it's time to look to the victory of the future and not what your parents did." Well, they may raised me in a bad way. Even in this message, they raised me in a legalistic way. Okay, I understand many people I preach to many people here that were raised the same way. But you know what? They're getting past their past. They're saying, "I can't dwell on that for 20 years." And like brother Marcus preached Wednesday night, this message is the father speaking to us. If you didn't have a good father, you have the heavenly father. And his voice speaks to you even this morning. Brings comfort, brings confidence. Yes, it's a breakdown of fathers and mothers. And he's saying that it's because the condition of the last days when my father and mother and that's that's a pretty close relationship breakdown. You can have a whole world forsake you. But when it's a father and mother, that affects us. Verse 11, teach me, oh Lord, lead me into the plain path. Well, I got to believe that the opposite of a plain path is a fuzzy path, unclear, a complicated path. That's the hour we live in. We got forces that have are distorting this message and distorting this Bible, distorting this message to many people. It's the conditions for Satan to complicate things and take something simple and make it complicated. And that's why David cries, "Give me a plain path because everything's fuzzy right now." Verse eight, some more conditions when the verse eight. Nope, not verse eight. Verse 12. Deliver me over not over to the will of mine enemies. For false witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty. I know none of you have ever experienced any of this, but I'll preach it anyway. false witnesses that speak lies and words of cruelty and hurtful words to you. God, help me not to yield over to their will because you yield over to people who are saying hurtful words toward you. You yield over to their will under the pressure and you become controlled by their words. Somebody ought to say amen. For years, you're controlled by the hurtful words of somebody else. But we live in a day people are rough, people are hurtful, people are cruel, pressure being controlled by them. In verse 13, the last one, I had fainted. It means fainting means you feel like giving up. Fainted means you feel like giving up. I don't know if you noticed or not. Well, first of all, I'm trying to find a place to end this and close it. I don't know if you noticed that, but I don't know if you noticed that in all of those conditions of the end time and pre-rapture time, how first of all, how many raise your hands and say, "I've experienced all these." Yeah, because this is a rapture chapter. This is what we deal with. But guess what? There are conditions that make us run into that secret place. They should It should make us run away. The conditions, not the bride. It shouldn't make us more bitter. It should make us better. I don't want to be bitter. I want to be better. For the bride, these conditions, Satan's saying, "I got her. I got her. I'm I'm having her persecuted. I've got fear demons on them. I've got I their mind is they feel overwhelmed in their minds. I've got this. I'm gonna discourage this bride. And Satan doesn't realize, buddy, it's gonna backfire on one group of people. It's going to put them in a rapture someday. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." It's going to backfire on you, devil. Put all you want to on the pressure on them. It's going to backfire on this bride. She is going to come out of it. Did you notice every time there's a symptom or there's a condition, there's a positive side to every condition, there's a victory. Number one, when there's fear and being afraid, the Lord is my light and my salvation. The Lord is the strength and my light. Number two, when the enemies surround him, even my enemies and my foes came upon me, eating my flesh, they stumbled and fell. God will make the enemies, the feelings are overwhelming, it'll make them stumble and fall. Verse three, though a host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. He'll drive away my fear. Though war should arise against me, in this will I be confident. You know what God's going to give you through that feeling overwhelmed, disrounded? He's going to give you more confidence. Every condition has a positive response to it. You know why? Because this bride always gets the victory. Because Christ is in charge, he'll always get the victory. Skip down to the other ones. Let me get the positive side real quick. And now, uh, no, verse, uh, seven. Oh, here, oh Lord, when I cry my voice, have mercy on me, and answer me. When thou sayest, seek my face, I seek, hide not thy face from me. When you when when it seems like God is forsaking you, he says, be my help. Uh when when my father and mother forsake me, what's the answer? Then the Lord will take me up. He'll be my father. Teach me, oh Lord, and lead me in the plain path because of my enemies. Deliver me not over the will of my enemies. For false witnesses are rising up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty. So deliver me not over to what? What's the positive? Here's the positive. Don't let me yield to their will. I want God's will. I don't not I don't want their will. And then I love this one. I had given up. I had fainted. And unless unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living, there's a victory in every condition. Wait on the Lord. Be of good courage and he shall strengthen thy heart. Wait, I say wait on the Lord. Can you say praise the Lord? So God turns the test to a testimony. That's right. God turns the loss into a liberty. God turns the lemons into lemonade. God turns the pressure into more potential. God turns the hurt into healing. God turns the panic into a promise. God turns the trouble into more trust. Yes, sir. Oh, I should be getting more amens than that. He can turn a man of addiction into a man of conviction. Amen. God turns depression into possession. God turns mistakes into miracles. God turns confusion into confidence. God turns tribulation into jubilation. God turns problems into a position. God turns the rough days into a rapture. Because his people in these conditions are going to get the victory over it. He's forming the conditions for rapture. And some will get bitter, but there's going to be some that's going to get better. They're living above it. That's where Christ were formed into. It's turning into a victory. The victory is living above it. Looking down at the little peeons. You know, I looked at that up. Uh he he the scripture says he lifted and let me just end on this scripture here. Psalms 27 verse 6. And now shall mine head be lifted above my enemies. What kind of power is this? Is that you're in these conditions and he lifts your head above your enemies and he sets you up on a rock. What's it mean? it. You're looking higher and you're looking down at all Satan's demons. Now, peeons, I call that because it's a modern slang for peon is often used to describe someone who is seen as insignificant, lowly, or easily manipulated. Don't ever call somebody that. That's what the world does. But I'm calling the devil that this morning. I'm calling the demons that, physical and religious demons. and he lifts you up and you're just looking at out over the little peeons of demons and we describe them as insignificant, lowly and easily manipulated. The problem is is in this age, he wants to take sons of God and put them down here and he's up there looking down on us and manipulating us. But he said, "I will lift your head above the enemies." And you're looking down at those things that are threatening you, the little peeons, that you're intimidating them instead of them intimidating you. 1965, who is this MelkiseDC? And then when you become subject to that spirit, the quote, it throws your whole being subject to that spirit. When you become subject to the spirit, I don't know if you guys have that quote there. When you become subject to that spirit, it throws your whole being subject to that spirit. And that spirit is nothing in the world but his seed word made manifest or quickened. Hallelujah. Made alive. And when the Bible said don't do this, that body quickly turns to it, there's no question. And what is it? It's the earnest of the resurrection. This body will be raised up again because it's already started. It was once subject to sin and mire and corruption, but now it's got the earnest, which means the down payment. It's turned heavenly. Remember my text. Remember my text. Our conversation is in heaven. That's where it starts. Before the body change, the body, this body turns heavenly in its in its slant, in its focus. Now, that's the earnest that you're going in a rapture. And then in perfect faith, he says Jesus lived in a world that no one knew about. He was an odd person. He lived in a world of perfect faith and a perfect God in which he was. If he lived in a perfect faith of a Christian to what we are, we'd be a mystic to the world. The people wouldn't understand you. You'd walk in the spirit. What the spirit said you would do, what it forbid you would not do. Then the people begin to say, "You'd be a mystic person to them." That's the way it is to all believers. They're mystics. The people don't understand because they live in a world to themselves. Jesus lived in a world that nobody else could touch. The disciples couldn't understand him. when he spoke to them they would say and then they said you you talk in riddles we don't understand this how can this be see they wasn't in the world that we he lived in they couldn't understand him nobody could understand him so when a man lives by faith and walks by faith once again transferring from Jesus over to us when a man walks by faith substance faith he is isolated from the entire world and becomes a new creature in Christ now you're getting into bride material. You're getting into rapturing condition now. Oh God, I want to be there. This pre- room, this precondition, this rapturing condition. Lord, bring me in there. Yes. That means for each one of us, not just the pastor, the deacons, the trustees. That means for the leoty, all the leoty, raise your hands. Every individual, all the individuals raise your hands. Every individual walks in a world with God alone. You're baptized into this kingdom and there's nobody in there but you and God. You see, he gives the orders and you pack them out. Whatever he says, there's not a shadow of doubt nowhere. You walk right on. If the Lord says this, there's nobody in the world can talk you out of it. You go right on just the same. Now you now you're coming into perfect faith, perfect perfection that cannot fail. That faith never fails. Yes, he was a mystic to them with his perfect faith. And so it is now with those who have perfect faith are a mystic to others. I looked up that word mystic. It includes a person who seeks spiritual insight beyond ordinary understanding. It's a person who believes in the possibility of attaining insight into mysteries, transcending ordinary human knowledge. You know what that means? This bride can come into a place that we're living beyond just our human senses. Beyond the trouble that's around us. seeing higher, seeing above, seeing, oh, that person said something cruel about me and for you've been losing the last month. You've been losing sleep over it. May you get in that room and let it lift you above it and say, "I'm going to pray for that brother or sister, but then it's between them and God, because I want to live higher than being affected by that." There's more in this word. go back and look at it again. There's a commercial that comes on sometimes and onto my my phone and I've seen it in motel, too. And this lady, she's this old lady. She's got this house and she's sitting there. I don't even know what company it is. I wouldn't plug their company anyway. But she's she's got her glasses on and she's struggling. She's sweating. She's nervous. She lives alone. She's old. She's wondering how she's going to pay all these bills. and she just And so then down way under the ground is these guys. They look like gold miners and they're down there and they're digging. They got their hats on and they start to discover gold underneath her house. And what they're trying to sell is basically she has equity in her home that can help pay the bills. It's an equity company, which is a trap, by the way. But if it was true that she's got gold under there, it's so funny. She's up here stressing out and they're down there and said, "This woman doesn't realize she's sitting on gold here. She's stressing out about her problems and how she's going to pay these." And she's got millions of dollars down here in gold. It reminds me of the bride of Jesus Christ. It reminds me of sons and daughters of God. You don't know what you have in this word. And they actually reach up and and they look up and they they yell it out and they say, "You're sitting on a bunch of gold." And somehow it goes through the floors and through the basement. And she hears something. She, "What was that?" There's a little voice. She couldn't even make it out, but they keep yelling, "You're sitting on gold. You're s You're fine. You're fine. You're sitting on gold." And she's still wondering, "I hear something, but I don't know what it is." Well, I'll tell you what it is this morning. You're hearing his voice while I'm speaking today. You're a spiritual billionaire. I don't care what problems you got. I don't care what cancer you have. I don't care what people have troubled you. I don't care what preacher has hurt you. That's besides the point of what you are rich in faith and hope and love. You're spiritual billionaires. I can't say it like him. Can you say amen? You're spiritual billionaires. And you're you're the the voice is coming up through the floor. Not coming up the floor. Coming from other dimensions. You're hearing from your theophony. I don't care what condition you're in. I don't care what state you're in. I don't care what your past is. I don't care what the devil has told you you are. I don't believe what he's told you are. Amen. Hear the voice speaking to you. You're rich. And there's more to this word than what you've seen. Go back and look at it again. Can you say amen? Amen. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than Let's stand together. I'll be moving to my mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightfully. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my faith. I'll be moving to my mansion just over in glory where I'm Let's go up in the key. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my friend. I'll be moving to my mansion best over in glory where I'm a rightful land. My father owns a cattle on a thousand years. Verse one, I stand amazed to see his face knowing that I'm his son. When I'm rich in faith and hope and love, I got more than I can. I'll be moving to my mansion dress over in glory where I'm a rightful head. I'm a guardian angel watching me. He'll go everywhere. But when I need my father in heaven up above, I pray just a simple prayer. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. Amen. I've got more than my share. I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightfully. He's redeemed and forgiven me of all my sins. He took me in. He's building me a mansion beyond convention. Hallelujah. I'm a millionaire. I'm a rich hope and love. I got more than I said. I'll be moving to my mansion just over in glory where I'm right singing one more time. I'm rich in faith and hope and love more than my share. I'll be moving to my mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the Lord. Turn to somebody and say, "God bless you, brother. I'm a billionaire spiritually." [Music] Don't try to say it like Trump. Just say, "I'm a billionaire." That's right. Just before we sing it again, could you bow our heads and just raise your hand? go say, "Brother Paul, I I want to move past my past and find the victory." That's I asked somebody yesterday. I said, they explained all the problems to me and I said, "Okay, I understand." And I even see why it happened and understand it, but the question is, "What do you see as the far as far as the victory?" God's interested in the what will be the victory? What will be the end? And Christians look for the victory. It's not he who starts the race, it's he who finishes it. Can you say amen? I've had a rough time in the message. I've had I have some rough things take place. I understand. But what's the victory out of it? What's the character out of it? What's the forming of your character? What's the victory? So, how many raise your hand say, I want the victory over my trials. Amen. Heavenly Father, we pray together for each hand that was raised. And Lord, we recognize your your presence is real, Lord. that's among us today. It's to build faith in the people, to anoint the faith of the people, not by some emotion, but Lord, just something that's real. Something something somebody can get a hold of, Lord. And God, create in us such a desire to run towards you and not away from you. That we run right into that strong tower. That we run into that secret place, Lord. May our conditions not make us bitter, but make it make us better, Lord. Better for your kingdom. better, more filled with the spirit. Lord, I pray, Father, that you'll touch every life, Lord, in a special way. If there's sickness, physical sickness this morning, Satan, take your hands off of God's property. Release them in Jesus' name. If there's mental depression, Satan, take your hands off of God's property. May you release them in Jesus' name. And Lord, we commit this service. And Lord, the the the the residual, your word can't return void. So if we don't see, Lord, instant results, your word can't return void. May victories come. May overcoming come. May you put us in that little room, Lord, where you're developing us for a rapture. Grantite, Father, as we see, you're forming us into the very image of Jesus Christ. Not into the image of William Brandham, not in the image of a preacher, not in the image of any human being, but in the image of Jesus Christ. Grant it in my life. Grant it in these precious people's lives. Lord, may your anointing go with them. We pray. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightf. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. Amen. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my mansion dressed over in glory. Just the first verse again before we go today. My father owns the cattle on a thousand hills. I believe I own at least one. I stand amazed to see his face knowing that I'm his son. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I've got more than myself. I'll be moving to my mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful lad. I have a guardian angel watching me. He'll go everywhere, but I need my father in heaven up above. I pray just a simple prayer. I'm rich in faith. Hallelujah. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my mansion just over glory where I'm a rightful land. He's redeemed. Has he forgiven you this morning? And he took me in. He's building me a mansion beyond compare. Hallelujah. I'm a millionaire. I'm rich. I know I'm rich. [Music] I believe to imagine over in glory where I'm a right fully one more time I'm rich in faith and hope and heaven I got more than myself I'll be moving to my man glory where I'm [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. God bless you as you're dismissed in Jesus name this morning. If you have a need, come forward. Take it before the throne today. And I believe the Lord is mindful of each each need. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are going. God bless you all in Jesus name. Soon and very soon we are going to see his 5:00 is the service tonight. You all are welcome to come this see me. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king soon and very soon. is very [Music] soon. Oh yes, Lord. We are going to see the king soon. Soon and very soon. We're going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. No more dying. No more dying [Music] there. Yeah. No [Music] more, no more dying. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see him soon and very soon. [Music] see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu hallelu. We're going to see no more crying. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. Oh, no more crying. There we are going to see the king. Oh, no more dying. There we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king soon. Soon and very soon. We are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. [Music] I'm going to make it. He already said that I would. Oh, and I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside [Music] me and heaven is in my you. Oh, I going to make it through. [Music] Oh, and I'm going to make it. He already said that I would. Oh, and I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. [Music] He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Oh, I'm going to make it. He has already said that I would. Oh, and I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. [Music] He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I got to make it through. Oh, thanks. Oh, thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. [Music] your thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord,
