################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-30 - 2025.07.30 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In He Cares, Do You Care (Part 5) - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-30
Title:    2025.07.30 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 5)
Speaker:  Paul LaFontaine
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLcxuN_d_gI
========================================

Description:
0:00 Preservice Worship
2:29 Opening Prayer
3:54 Preservice Worship
21:48 Preservice
22:26 Sermon
1:29:07 Postservice Worship
1:32:30 Closing Prayer
1:34:33 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] my life. Oh, be glorified. Oh, be glorified in my life. Lord, be glorified. Let's all stand and sing it tonight. Oh, in my life. Lord in my life. Oh, be glorified. Oh, be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. [Music] Let's just sing this before we pray. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Tell them tonight, "Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands. Oh, I lift my hands and bow my knees in worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Right now, Lord Jesus, I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, yes, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I lift my hands and bow my knees and worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Let's just bow our heads in word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, we're just so grateful to be here again, Lord, in your presence, God. Lord, we just uh Lord, we come tonight, God. We just want you to just break the ground up, Lord God, as we sing these songs, Lord Jesus. Break up the ground, Lord, the stony heart, Lord Jesus, if there is one, God. Make it a heart of flesh, Lord Jesus. God, that your word can come in so so easily tonight, Lord Jesus. We want to be available, Lord God. And Lord, we just humble ourselves in your presence tonight, God. Asking you, God, to just give us a word from you, Lord God. Bless our pastor, Lord, as he speaks, Lord. Lord, just anoint his lips, Lord Jesus. anoint his heart, God, his vessel, Lord, that we, God, that can the hearers, Lord, of your word can just receive from you tonight, Lord God. Let there be nothing holding that back, Lord Jesus, tonight, God. We're just so grateful, God. There's needs amongst the people, God. Sickness, Lord, deliverance, God. Everything. You are everything we've need of, Lord Jesus. Oh, God. You're our answer, Lord. And you're our healer, our sustainer, God. You're our deliverer, God. You're our peace, our joy, God. And we just want to thank you tonight for being everything to us, Lord God. We love you, Lord. We give you this night in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's key of Let's do a key of C. Key of C. There was something mentioned last Wednesday, my brother Gideon, Come and Dine. Let's sing that tonight. Come and dine. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and die. With his man he be and supplies our every need. Oh, too sweet to suck with Jesus all the time. Come and die. Master calling. Come and die. You made feast at Jesus table all the time. You fed the multitude. Turn the water into calling now. the decide to stream the lamb Christ to him coming [Music] their hearts desire bread and fish upon the fire the sea satisfies the hungry every time are you hungry tonight oh come and die call come and die [Music] of Jesus take all the time. He let the multitude turn the water to one to the hungry calling down. Come and die. Go your neighbors tonight. Come and die. That's the calling. Come and die. You feast at Jesus table all the time. He will f the multitude. Turn the water into wine. To the hungry calling now. Next one. Soon the lamb will take his ever at his side. All the host of heaven will be so [Music] glorious. All sus [Music] all the time. He fed the multitude. Turn the water into the money. Call it now. Come and die. Oh, come and die. Come and die. [Music] Jesus all the time. He fed the multitude turn into the falling down. Come and die. Amen. Hallelujah. It's all right. Yeah. Glad. That's fine. Yeah. Praise the Lord. It's good. Good. You have something to rejoice about. Amen. Our Christ, our Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Before we sit tonight, we'll sing this one. I've anchored in Jesus. Amen. I'll try to try to sing this one, right? Kath, help me out with it. Uh maybe G or G. upon my boundless ocean where my evils roam. I fix it up. Jesus anchor of my soul. When trials fears to sail me as storms are gathered, I rest upon his mercy and trust him more. Oh, I think in Jesus the storms of life outrage. I've anchored in Jesus. I'll fear no wind, no way. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored. I've anchored to the rock of aes. He keeps my soul from evil. He gives me blessed peace. His voice is still the waters with their atonement seas. I pilot and deliver to him by always when I need him. He's at my side. So I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll bring. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. I'll fear no wind, no way. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored to the rock of aes. He is my friend and savior. In him my anchors cast. He drives away the sorrows and shields me from the blast. My faith I'm looking upward beyond life's troubled sea. Prepare me on the haven prepared for me. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of hallelujah. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no one knowing. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. For he had power to say, I've anchored to the rock of aes. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I'll fear no wind or way. I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored to the rock. Last time, sing with all your heart. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no way. I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored to the rock of aes. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. You may be seated tonight. Amen. When you're anchored in Jesus, there's nothing that will shake you. Amen. Amen. You'll be shaking, but you ain't going nowhere. Amen. You can tell the devil tonight. Amen. We're not going anywhere. Amen. Cuz we're anchored at that rock of ages. Praise the Lord. That gets me excited tonight. Praise God. Let's sing that song. I know the master of the wind along with those same uh kth maybe not [Music] give to D. I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. You know him tonight. I know. I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. [Music] He can calm the storms and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Hallelujah. Oh, my boat of life sails on a troubled sea. [Music] Ever there's a wind in my s. Thank you, Lord. Oh, but I have a friend who watches over me. When the breeze turns into again, he's watching over. He's keeping us. Hallelujah. Oh, I know the master of the wind. [Music] Oh, I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Thank you, Lord. Oh, sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. Among the peaks my soul can be found. [Music] An unexpected storm may drive me from the high. to me low, but it will never bring me down. Hallelujah. For I know I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. He can calm the storm. Oh, he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. And I know the master of the way. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's all stand tonight as the prayer request will come. Amen. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. I worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, our worship is for me. Sing that again. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. First verse. The sun comes up. It's a new day dawning. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me. Let me be singing Lord. Oh, let me be singing when he hearing. Can you bless his name tonight? Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Thank you, Lord. Oh, sing like never before. Lord, oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Thank you, Lord. You're rich in love. You're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name, your name is great, and your heart is kind. Hallelujah. For all your goodness I will keep on singing. Oh 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Bless the Lord. Oh yes. Oh my soul, our worship is full name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, our worship is hol. Thank you Jesus for the blood of blood. Thank you Jesus. You have washed mine. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. You thank him tonight. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious life. Try to sing these verses. I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Oh, sin separated. The breach was far too high. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. So you made a way across the great divide. Hallelujah. left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside and there at the cross. You paid the debt I owe. Hallelujah. Broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had hope. So thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Oh thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Oh thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glory. Sing it again. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. It has wash me why. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. And appreciate those inspired songs of the Lord. I believe it was um Charity Gale that wrote that one. And we met her, Sherry, years ago when we were singing there at the tent at Bill Gaither's tent. And she is just starting out, apostolic girl. Now she's real popular, but she's held her standard. And uh but talk about some anointed songs. Amen. It's just wonderful. Thank God for that. Praise the Lord. God bless you tonight. It's good to be in fellowship with you and to have us joining together here. If you're online, it's always good just to see one another and encourage one another. Uh, and we appreciate you coming out showing your hunger for the word of God tonight. And we just want to turn together if you would to first Peter chapter 5. 1 Peter chapter 5. And then we'll read one place also in the Old Testament in Jeremiah. 1 Peter chapter 5. Once again, God bless you all in Christian love tonight. We appreciate the body of Christ and the people that can come together and pray when there's needs. ask you to remember all the requests tonight. I know um brother Ryan and sister Haley are sick tonight. So just lift them up a prayer as well if you could do that. 1 Peter chapter 5 and verse 7. Casting all your care upon him for he carth for you. And then if you'd go back to Jeremiah chapter 2, I wanted to add this in because it'll be related also to the subject tonight as we continue our study uh out of he cares do you care. So Jeremiah chapter 2 and I think we'll just read one verse there as well. Jeremiah chapter 2 verse 13 I believe it is. For my people have committed two evils. They have forsaken me the fountain of living waters and hewed them outistns, broken sistns that can hold no water. So God uh discerns the nature of his people, but it's kind of like a na the nature of a human being as well is that we never stay neutral. If we forsake God's answer to something, we always seek out our own answers. And if we refuse the refreshment of his living water, then here it says we'll we'll carve out for ourselves or make to ourselves places we can drink from. But they're not they won't hold water. They're they they bring emptiness. They won't satisfy. So it's not in our nature to stay neutral. If there's a hunger, if there's a need, if there's something that we need and we're not going to God for it, we will go to another source. It's just just the way we're made. And we're going to find out tonight why we do that and that we don't need to do that. We don't need to turn to any other source but the Lord as far as his fountain. How many believe that there is a fountain open in the house of David in the last days for people to come and drink from? There's a fountain opened and God opened it to us when he opened the seals. Uh you can just say he opened up a a rush of his fresh water again from Calvary. And uh boy, it's a wonderful thing. So we learn that that the human nature is to do that. but also God is displeased because he's given the fountain and his people keep going to other things. So, we want to talk a little bit about that tonight. Father, help us and strengthen us and anoint us, Lord. Anoint the people's faith tonight to rise, Lord, to uh Lord, the hour that we live in, the time we live in. Give us grace, give us teaching from your throne that we can learn of you. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you all. It's kind of been a huge pause since uh I did the last study on He Cares, Do You Care? And uh some of that pause and I'm jumping back into it tonight. Some of that pause as I let some of the local ministers and we have several ministers from overseas. So, it's been a while since I've taken a Wednesday night. So, we put a little pause on the study, but we want to pick it up again tonight and uh studying this book. I'm encouraging you to get that sermon and listen through it while we're studying this. He cares. Do you care? If you can get that on the table app or however you can get it, download it, listen to it, or read it, it would be good because we're finding some really good things in here. And because we've it's been a little while since we talked about uh this and the reasons why I got into it. I have to just refresh our hearts a little bit and give a summary a little bit as to why we're studying this message, why we're looking it over. And uh it's the message he cares, do you care? And and we we found if you just allow me to go back and just in case we forgot some things knowing that principle that we tend to forget a lot more than what we remember. Maybe that's just me at 59. I don't know. But uh people uh tend to not retain things for a while unless it's a revelation. If God drops a revelation in your heart, that's altogether a different story. But just to uh bring you back into remembrance of things as uh the Bible says to do so that we can come back to why I'm taking this. He cares. Do you care is more than a sermon. He cares. Do you cares more than a sermon? It's it's an unveiling of a powerful principle uh in connecting a supernatural God with the people in order to get supernatural results. And I really believe that it's a principle laid out to us by God's prophet. He cares. Do you care? And if you just look at the title, you can understand it's it's giving us a principle. And that is it's real simple to catch. Uh he God cares about every need. God cares about every detail. God cares what you're going through. God cares about your family situation. And even in me saying that, let's not that ever let that become common to us. Can you say amen? That might be a standard say I know he cares. I know he cares. But but we in this series I was trying to bring out that God doesn't just say uh doesn't just say he cares. He's a supernatural God that wants to show that he cares by changing the situation. &gt;&gt; Can I have an amen tonight? God doesn't stand back and say, "I care." He wants to step in and show that he cares. And he wants to show himself supernatural on your behalf. But notice the title now. It's not just that he cares. It's do you care? &gt;&gt; And so I think we find a principle. It's not just a sermon, but it's a it's a principle. It's unveiling a powerful principle of connecting those two things, connecting a supernatural God and the people connecting with that so that we can get supernatural results. And we're we also found in in speaking about this that it's not just surface revol results or not just physical healing. I gave two examples at the beginning of that message. He cares do you care. Brother Brown goes right into two examples of two people. One's a young minister, one's a woman, and she was seeking God nine years about something. And then the the minister also had something happen to him, but it wasn't physical healing that they needed. The one lady was trying to get an interview with brother Brandham for I think she nine years she tried and finally she got to see him. So, but but they weren't needs that we were surface or physical or some type of disease. They actually ended up being as we elaborated on a pre a young preacher just married with a complex and then a woman that had kind of a bad incident when she was younger. So they were not physical problems. They were not physical diseases. That teaches us that God cares and is interested about every need in the human being from our past, from our present, whatever it is, God cares about it. And so if we know that, then we should become a people that's not dishing certain things to the side and just only reaching out to God for surface things. Everything that we come across that we uh cannot handle, we shouldn't turn to our own reasoning, but we should say, "God knows about this. God cares about this, but how does God want to care? I want to submit myself to find out how God's going to change this." &gt;&gt; We need to be that way, too. So we we find then that in this complex that the minister had and the woman that had this problem, the devil was working on those things to defeat them. Can you say amen? To defeat uh their Christian walk because of these complexes and because of these things. So it's it's going we we must realize it's God likes to go beyond just what's happening and get to the cure. my mother mother-in-law uh a couple mornings ago, she was reading something and she said she appreciated Sunday morning service. We're talking about the cure for non and talking about this word having a cure in it. And uh it's always nice to get compliments from your mother-in-law. It it kind of boosts your energy quite a bit. But she said she remembers reading that brother Brandon said himself and she remembered the quote that he says all these being compared with all the other healing evangelist ministers. They did a great with work of God and they had their own work. But he said God has given my ministry to get to the cure &gt;&gt; and not just physically but to get to the cure of the problem of sin of this age. When God sends a prophet, he's interested in a cure, not just a band-aid on the problem. &gt;&gt; He wants to get to the cure. And and and also that brother Bram talked about this. He wants to go deeper. So he he not only wants to get to the cure, but before you get to a cure, you have to find the cause. And brother says a a good doctor will want to get to the cause of it because you can't get to a cure till you find the cause. And so this word is to help us to un unveil things so we can get to the cause of the problem, expose the enemy, but then God wants to bring the cure and bring complete healing. So we we we can't get to the cure without finding the cause. Here's it. Here it is. God wants to go deeper than just the surface. So we must not stop short of all the healing God can do for us. I find many believers that can testify of salvation. They have a great testimony of their salvation uh of being baptized of receiving the Holy Ghost and great healing of the body, healed of cancer and everything. And we're always going to have that as long as God is present among us. And people have great testimonies and they're wonderful testimonies. But we should not limit God in any way. There should maybe be testimonies of other things. I've heard, I don't hear it very much, but I was delivered of uh somebody would say, I want to testify to the saints. I was delivered of bitterness. I had bitterness in my heart for years and God delivered me of that. &gt;&gt; I had a pride in my heart for years and God delivered me of that. I had a temper and God finally dealt with that thing and I no longer have that temper. But we hear the other testimonies, the surface testimonies more than we hear the inward things. But God is interested in digging out all that he can dig out so we can be free. Praise the Lord. So now we should be we should show that we care about every question, every fear, every past cloud that's over us. Can you say amen? We should show that we care because God cares about that and to bring those things to him. He cares to move in all things that cause our hearts to be locked up. &gt;&gt; I said he cares to move in on everything that would cause our hearts to be locked up &gt;&gt; or our hearts to be held back or he wants to find what causes our hearts to lock up towards him toward him and get to the bottom of it. God wants to do that. I was thinking of a scripture today. Hebrews 10:38. Now the just shall live by faith. But if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him. God does not get pleasure of somebody having their locked up heart towards him and towards one another. If there's a spirit that's locked up, something's holding you back. You're not free in your spirit. And especially when it's towards the Lord. If a man draw back, the judge shall live by faith. But a man just draws back. God doesn't take pleasure in that. But God takes pleasure when a heart is got everything on the table, saying, "God, here's my heart. Here's my life. Here's my problems. I'm not hiding anything from you. Expose it, Lord, and deliver me." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. But I will have no pleasure in one who's draws back and draws back and got their hearts locked up towards God. It's not a good thing because he cares about everything that defeats us and cares enough to change. That's why he does it. He cares enough to bring change. So look how powerful this principle both things coming together. He cares, but do you care? And the supernatural God who cares connecting with a sincere uh nononsense believer. Let me call him that tonight. God who cares sup and wants to supernaturally care and connect that somehow with a a sincere nononsense believer who really cares too and really wants it and is willing to do whatever it takes. That type of key coming together, I'm telling you, God's going to come on the scene. &gt;&gt; God's going to come on the scene. And it won't be because you had a 30-day fast. If God leads you to do that, that's fine. What he needs is a heart that's open to say, "I am ready for God to deal with this thing. I'm ready to be honest about it. I'm ready to bring it to him and I'm willing to confess it." And when you've got that type of atmosphere, then God steps in and he can do something about it. But that that's what I'm talking. So the key is bringing God a God who cares to connect with a person who really cares to be delivered. I know that's simple and this might be a simple sermon tonight, but I'm telling you uh uh something happens when you bring those two things together. &gt;&gt; It's not just that God cares. God is limited only by our lack of faith and our lack of opening up our hearts to him, our lack of uh hum humility. &gt;&gt; He's only li he's not limited except for what we hold him back with. But you bring those two things together, something is going to happen. Something we bring it together, something supernatural can happen. I If that is true, then the enemy would work really hard at making a person hesitant to turn everything over to him. Why? Because if the enemy is working hard at keeping you your heart blocked, keeping you distant from the Lord, keeping you hiding things, if he can keep you doing that, then what's he keeping you from? If you make that supernatural connection, &gt;&gt; it's over. It's over. It's done. It's finished. God steps in. It's over. No wonder Satan fights against an open heart. When No wonder Satan fights that try to keep this from happening. We will get into all the ways that he keeps a person from fully trusting God and the hindrances to God. We'll get into a lot of those things still in this series. The hindrances to God stepping in. So remember, uh, and I I've already covered that he says I care, but he doesn't just say I care. He's his caring is doing something about it. If God cares that way, I'm I'm still um summarizing so that we can remember from two months ago, whatever it was. All right. Is that okay with everybody? So if God says, "I care, but it's not just saying it." His caring is doing something about it. Our caring has to be willing to do something about it. &gt;&gt; We can't just say, "I really care. I I want this habit I've had for years and this thing I go to this private sin that I do and you know I really Okay, put your money where your mouth is. God wants to step in and show that he cares. Well, we want to step with God and show that we really care. How willing are you? Do you really want? &gt;&gt; As he said told the man, "Do you want to be well? Do you really want to be well?" He had to be asked first. Do you really want this? If you want it, I can do it for you, but you got to really want to. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, it's the only way that it works. And his caring has emotion and an action to it. So, our caring must have emotion and an action to it. It's the only way it works. If our bitterness is bringing us to an insensitive feeling of saying, "I really don't care anymore." Be careful of that, friends. I'll tell you, our world, Satan is is permeating our world with an I don't care attitude towards a supernatural God. &gt;&gt; Just I I don't know what else how else to say it. I don't have a better way to say it, but just be careful because every day people are dropping like flies because you know why? I just don't care anymore. I'm giving up. I don't care. I you know, I'm not coming to the altar. I had a man tell me, "I'm not going to do that anymore. I tried that and it didn't work." Really? really you tried it didn't work. What are you just ruling things out on your own until you come to the place you get an insensitive heart you just don't care anymore. Don't let your heart lose its sensitivity to God. Don't let your heart have an I don't care attitude. &gt;&gt; It's the worst bitterness that you can come to because you start to lose that. You actually move yourself further and further away from God being able to express his feelings toward you, his heart towards you. That's what happens in relationships. We lose the sensitivity to one another. We're not emotionally connecting with our siblings or our mom or our dad. And if we allow it, we keep getting more and more and more distant from one another. Same thing happens with God. We're not connecting with God because we're slowly getting distant from him. &gt;&gt; Can't let that happen. uh insensitivity like the woman that eventually she missed her uh part there when God was speaking to her way when she was early and then she was on her deathbed screaming to get brother Brandham in there. He says, she said, you remember the story? She said, when you spoke to me in that service and I was bitter toward you in that service, when you spoke to me, he says, she said, that's where I lost my chance. I should have responded. And she said, now I can see my mother's soul fry in hell, and I wouldn't care. &gt;&gt; That's how far it can take you. &gt;&gt; I just don't care anymore. All sensitivity is gone. Let's keep a tender, workable heart. A heart that can cry. A heart heart that can be humble. A heart that when we lose a you know when when when the uh when the eyes leak the head won't swell. What George used to say when the eyes leak the head won't keep God. Stay humble before God. We're getting so if we can't even be moved and I don't say have to cry but I'm saying we need to be moved to brokenness. We need the spirit to always be able to move us to tears and not just because you're going through something because you feel the presence of God. You feel his assurance. You feel he's wanting to minister peace to you. Don't ever become so hard in your heart that you don't feel that anymore. Anybody with me tonight? This is an insensitive world. Jesus said the love of many will grow cold. &gt;&gt; That's the atmosphere we live in. Let's not let it happen to us. Let's stay sensitive to the Lord. Can you say amen? Our bitterness is bringing us to that in feeling sometimes I don't care care anymore and it limits God. So when these two things come together I'm not getting very far tonight in just bringing my summary of the past sermons. When these two things come together he cares. Do you care? There's a you know there's a couple places brother Ben mentions that I pulled them up today. Two omnipotence meeting. How many's ever seen those? There's only a couple places I can found but he but he says this. Amen. And he says, "Cut every obstacle from human beings that they might be connected like the Garden of Eden." Cut. How do you get connected like the Garden of Eden? You cut every obstacle from human beings. That they might be connected like the Garden of Eden. Now, man, I was going to choke it, but I'm going to say it. Man is omnipotent. You don't believe that? But he is a full A man fully surrendered to God is omnipotent. In other words, he has all power. did not say, did he not say in Mark 11:22, "Whatsoever things you say and don't doubt in your heart, it'll come to pass, you can have what you have said." What happens when two omnipotents meet? When God and man comes together, two omnipotents, something's got to shake. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, he cares. Do you care? Bring that together for a connection. There's going to be some real electricity &gt;&gt; from the throne of God. Can you say amen? whosoever shall would say with a creative power of omnipotence of God knowing that he promised it and he said it with in his word. It creates a power that goes out yonder and brings things to pass things that is not. It makes them as though they are because two omnipotence have met. He says it again in 19 uh 60 in uncertain sound. Then the first thing you know, little old Martha, he's talking about Martha and Mary and and uh her, you know, their uh brother died, Lazarus, and she's coming out there and she said, "Oh Lord, oh uh I like that." And she titled him Lord. And that was good. Uh Lord, I like that. She titled him what he was. He was her Lord. If thou would have been here, my brother would not have died. Now, I want to say something. There's the human side of Martha. little bit of an attitude with it. Just a little bit of an attitude, Lord. Uh she's she's respectful, Lord. But it's just like a little just a Lord, if you'd have been here, if you'd have hurried up a little bit, you really took your time here. You know, I needed you a long time ago and you really took your Well, we know now the Lord took his time for a reason. &gt;&gt; The Lord took his time for a reason. So notice this human side which is us sometimes the complaining side or didn't work out right and so she brings out the human side where she says Lord if you'd have been here my brother would not have died see and she said even now whatever you would ask God will give it to you what's speaking now the word in her the seed of God is reaching in faith and speaking something look at how close the human side and what's inside of her Lord if you'd have been here this wouldn't have happened I wish you'd have been here earlier and Then something comes from resonates from the deep inside said but even now whatever you should say it'll come to pass. &gt;&gt; Now if we only let the human side come out of us every day and not that seed that's in the inside to bring it to a confession and say it because a lot of times the devil's going to squelch that out. You're going to be complainers. You're going to be speaking negative. You're going to say life is stressful. Life is too much. and you're gonna just push God out of all of it. The human side is never going to make a connection with this omnipotent God. &gt;&gt; Can I hear an amen? &gt;&gt; Your complaining, your bitterness will never make a connection with this supernatural God. &gt;&gt; You can keep saying, "Oh, Lord, if you'd have been here, Lord, that should have happened a lot." You can keep bringing out the human side, but it'll never bring this connection, but he cares. Do you care? It'll never make two omnipotence meet so the supernatural God can do something. But when something reached in Martha and something of God said, "Whatever you would say even now, it would come to pass." &gt;&gt; And that's all she needed to say. &gt;&gt; Lazarus came to life. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Even now, whatever you ask God, God will give it to you. Nothing uncertain about that. No. See, and that's when two positives meet. That's when two omnipotents meet. When one omnipotent she had, she had a perfect omnipotent faith in Christ. And Christ was omnipotent. See, is he bringing out the two? She had a perfect omnipotent faith in Christ. And Christ was omnipotent. See, she had faith, infinite faith in Christ that he was the Lord. And note, whatever he asks, God would give it to him. In other words, she said, you just speak the word. That's all you have to do. Whatever you ask, God will give it to you. That's right. That's omnipotent. All powerful cuz he just said so. See? All right. And he was all powerful. That's when two powers, two omnipotent powers meets together. It's contact. Then when a line here has got 150 volts and this one has 150 volts. When they come together, you got 150 volts both ways. &gt;&gt; All of a sudden you got power now. All of a sudden, listen, we have to connect our faith with this living Christ. We cannot be disconnected. &gt;&gt; Leodysa disconnects you with a relationship with the Lord. Leoa disconnects you from reading your Bible. Leodysia disconnects you from being in the word. Leodysia's if if Leodysia and the devil could do it, he dis disconnect all of us from the presence of God and all of us from one another and split every marriage in this church. &gt;&gt; He's got an agenda. We need to be on our toes and say, "No, no, this is the hour I'm becoming one with him. &gt;&gt; I won't let any of Leo dis do that. He's not going to destroy my walk with the Lord. He's not going to destroy my marriage. He's not going to destroy my family." Why? Because I'm becoming one in him. I'm becoming one with one another as well. A lot of marriages don't even know what oneness is. &gt;&gt; It's only through Christ. &gt;&gt; Your oneness cannot be some material gain of this earth. Well, we found agreement to buy this together. We found agree. Your oneness cannot be based upon material things. Your oneness cannot be based upon just a sexual relationship. &gt;&gt; Every millions of people have that and they have no oneness. &gt;&gt; Is that part of it? Yes. But oneness is when both it's a three cord pole, a three cord uh rope is not quickly broken. There's three part of a marriage. Christ the husband and wife and that's where you have a union. You find fellowship together about him &gt;&gt; with him. Can you say not just in your Bibles but you find it has to be a oneness with Christ and one another. There is no other basis for true oneness. &gt;&gt; There is no job. There is no house. There is no achievement in life that you can base your oneness in your marriage on. I don't know why the Lord's having me say this, but I'm saying it. Do not think that you can connect the right way with one another and with Christ by reaching from something that's worldly and making it happen. No, there has to be a oneness with the Lord and a oneness with one another based upon the word and Christ. When I say the word, not just this Bible, Christ is the word. I'm talking about a person in your home, a person in your marriage, a person that's there that you're inviting between you. &gt;&gt; Lord, we're praying together. We're making this work, but Lord, you're going to make it work for us. And Father, we're together in this. We're praying together. That's oneness. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Any other thing tries to tear you apart. And let How many would say, "May this 150 vote connect with that 150 vote." And two omnipotence meet, there's going to be a flow of the power of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So this is what happens when a caring God is connected with a true humble heart of faith that they really care. We pray for that connection to happen. As a minister, we do that. And so I'm ministering on this series so I can learn from it a little bit myself. Uh but and ministers stand in the gap sometimes, pastors and ministers, we're standing between the people and God, and we're trying to see that connected. I'm preaching tonight so that we'll have a connection and revelation with this person of Christ. That's what we do. And it's a difficult job sometimes because we don't want to do it in our own intellect. We want to pray and get out of the way that God can connect you. God's presence can connect you. But you have to be willing. You have to care, too. On a Wednesday night tonight, you have to care. &gt;&gt; I care about what brother Paul's saying. I I care about I I'm here, but I'm not just want to hear be here and body, but I want to be all here. You know, people, my dad used to say, uh, we're we're not we're we're here, but we're not all there. We're here, but we're not all there. In other words, they weren't really all there. And a lot of Wednesday nights are that way. And I understand totally understand the tiredness. But if we're going to go and come all this way, uh, we might as well be here when we're here. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? It's good to be where you're at, you know, all there. And engage your mind and your heart and say, "Let's make this worthwhile." Can you say amen? But ministers try to connect that. And some of the reason uh that I'm into this a little bit studying is that I get asked some questions sometimes. How do you counsel? How do you approach counseling? Well, listen, this is the best counseling instruction you can get. Because if you're counseling in an office or you're trying to help someone or you're preaching to people, if you have hearts to begin to get humble and bring up and bring real just really being honest and confession before the Lord and repentance, if you can get that atmosphere going, God steps into that atmosphere. Whether it's counseling or anything, he cares. You need a revelation that God cares. Brother Paul, for my situation, my it's it's almost hopeless if not hopeless. It's not hopeless in God. &gt;&gt; It's not hopeless in God. &gt;&gt; And so, you got to have that revelation. Bring that person along that he cares about this situation. He knows about the situation. He cares. No matter how dirty your sin is, maybe the sin is just hidden and it's just it's too dirty to talk about. God cares about that. &gt;&gt; But then you work on this other side. say now what can you bring here to the Lord as a humble heart and you start seeing that it can happen within within just a few seconds in counseling or sometimes it's five years of counseling &gt;&gt; doesn't matter when that moment happens &gt;&gt; this isn't just a ministry this is a moment that needs to happen &gt;&gt; between God and you that moment happens it's over God steps in. Praise the Lord. So we pray that connection happens. So we have in this series, we've explored many ways of how we approach and show God that we really care. Okay, here's some things we've covered. Real true unclouded faith from the heart. You need that to show you care. We've covered true submission from the heart. We've covered that. That shows you care. You show your care with a real true humility from your heart. That shows you you're telling God that you care. You care by giving more attention to him that is speaking. In other words, reverence. I read the scripture in Hebrews. We ought to give more earnest heed to the things God is saying. By giving reverence to what God is saying even tonight, a fear for it, a reverence for it. If you give attention to it, then you're giving attention to him that is speaking. Not Paul Le Fontaine or some other preacher, but is it him speaking? If he's speaking, give more reverence to it. give more heed to it. That's how you show you care. You show you care by perseverance that will not run away or hide. Perseverant. The the fellow that had the complex went all the way to New York and he was under this cloud of complex just married by brother Bram took off and him and another minister. They drove all the way back. They weren't running. They weren't hiding. They wanted to come and meet the prophet again because they wanted I'm not going to go on like this. I'm just freshly married. I'm not going to carry this complex. I want to deal with this right now. I don't want to hide it. He drove all the way back to Jeffersonville. And brother Bram was just driving down, taking his family out, just said, I feel led to go into this motel room. And there they are standing there, gone. Two omnipotence meet &gt;&gt; in the motel parking lot. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Bam, I didn't could I didn't know I was going to see you. This must be of God. In a few minutes, that thing was that complex was unveiled. That sin exposed. It was over. He said they were just happy and free and went back to their honeymoon. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And the other lady we find was perseverant to wait nine years before she could see the prophet. She didn't run. She didn't hide. She kept it. And then a desperation. How do we show we care? Desperation that we won't ever give up. &gt;&gt; God likes to see that. This is how we show we care. Another way is believing that he is. Not that he was, but he is. And that he's a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. He is here now. It's not I was, not I will be, but I am. And we show we care when we when we believe he is, and he's a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. It's not that he was, but he is right now. &gt;&gt; And we show that we care by that. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; He's here in every way except his corporal body. And then uh we dealt a little bit with this, but I just want to linger a bit on it tonight. truly casting our cares upon him. So this is a way we show we care. We cast our cares upon him. For he carth for us. So we cast our stress. We cast our anxiety. We cast our worries. We cast our fears. We don't hold them. We cast them on him. Cares is worries. Cares is problems. Cares is anxiety. Cares is worried about the future. He said, "How do we show we care? Cast our cares on him." Now, do you know what that means? Do you know what it means casting? In the original word, the Greek word is uh pet patito and it means to throw. It means to cast. I had to research that a little bit more because we realized that really that's how he wants us to do it. It's not just somebody coming over and just holding back and just slipping something to the Lord. It's casting. It actually has to do with throwing it to him. Let me go deeper with that. A little cultural and historical background. In the ancient Greece Roman world, the act of throwing or casting was a common physical action whether in daily life, in sports or in military context. The term rit would have been understood by contemporary audiences audiences as a vigorous and intentional action. So, this is not just slipping over to the Lord and saying, "Could you take care of this?" And I'll just slip this under the door. No, this is a vigorous, intentional. I'm casting it all on you &gt;&gt; and you're not ashamed to do it. &gt;&gt; Take a little bit further. It's a vigorous and intentional action. I tell you, if you care about deliverance, you're intentional. &gt;&gt; You mean it. &gt;&gt; Put your money where your mouth is. Don't don't come up to the altar and say, "I want deliverance." And not no, you you're you want deliverance. And if you say you want it, you're intentional about it. I'm ready to leave this thing at the altar with the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. goes on to say he said that in the biblical context this word cast often carries a deeper spiritual and symbolic meaning reflecting listen now the and this fits with my series here reflecting the decisive actions of God or individuals in response to divine instruction or intervention. Let me read that again in case you got clouded over. This word often carries a deeper spiritual and symbolic meaning reflecting the decisive actions of God and the decisive actions of individuals in response to a divine instruction or an invention. In other words, the commandments given, the words given, but now you have an intentional action of a believer and an action of God. An intentional vigorous action. Lord, I am ready to cast this on you &gt;&gt; because you said that I could. Yes. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, I'm ready to take this thing. I have been haven't been able to bear it. I I can keep trying to do it on my own, but I am ready. And it's not just slipping under the I'm casting it on you. I'm giving it all to you. I'm giving up and let Jesus take over. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Casting is an intentional, decisive action not just to believers, but of God. It's a decisive action for him to step in and deliver you. &gt;&gt; He's not going to He's not half-hazard about it. He's not He's not saying, you know, I care and you know, no, no, he he he when he steps in, he steps in &gt;&gt; and he brings everything with him that's within him to deliver this precious soul. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, I wanted you to see what casting means. It's it it is throwing. It is it is I'm giving this all to you. It is a very vigorous symbolic action of when someone's in counseling or someone's in a service when God touches them and they're ready. They're ready. I'm ready to cast this on the Lord for he carth for me. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Casting all your care upon him for he carth for you. Praise the Lord. Not halfhazard, not hesitant. Right? &gt;&gt; A a a believer comes to the place that they are sick and tired of being sick and tired. They're sick of their habit. They're sick of their sickness. They're sick of the the bondage of it. Can you say amen? You you you bring it to him and it's an intentional thing for you to have it all on the table. If you come to counseling with me, be ready to give it all on the table. That's probably going to run all of you off from counseling from now on, but listen, it's not me. It's just come ready to say, "Lord, whatever you would use here, I'm not afraid of you. I'm not afraid of being afraid." &gt;&gt; That's the way you got to be. Come intentionally. Have it all on the table. Not just hand it over, but cast it. Show a bit of anger at yourself for covering up and hiding. Are you angry about it? Are you fed up with it? Shamgar was fed up with the enemy doing what he was doing. Can you say amen? Shamgar got fed up with the what the enemy was doing. It it led him to to take take the take the the ox goat and fight through the Philistines because they had done it every year. Finally got fed up. &gt;&gt; We have to get fed up. We have to get a holy anger. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Are you angry? It reminds me of when uh I won't mention the couple, but brother Barry was counseling a couple in our church getting out of debt and every few months he would call them and say, "Are you still angry?" Because if you're not angry at your debt, angry at your problems, you're not going to get out. This is a good type of anger. &gt;&gt; I got in a a heap of debt and I did it. I'm owning up to it. I was led in the wrong things, made the wrong financial decisions, but I'm ready to own up to it. And let me testify something to you here in just a second. But listen, you he'd call and ask him, "Are you still angry?" &gt;&gt; Because if you don't stay angry, you're not going to get out of all the debt. There has to be an emotion put towards the right thing. You know, people get mad at people. People get mad at preachers. Why don't you direct your anger towards the devil and towards your habits? &gt;&gt; Why don't you direct your anger towards I'm fed up with being under bondage? &gt;&gt; Why don't we direct it towards the enemy like Shamgar did instead of always to one another? And some people their anger towards God or towards their dad or towards their mom. Why don't we stop directing it to the people sometimes who love us the most &gt;&gt; and start directing it to the enemy &gt;&gt; and your habits? Say, I'm I'm I'm tired. He said, "Are you still angry? Are you still angry? Call a few months. Are you still because if you don't stay angry, you're not going to get out." &gt;&gt; There's probably some other things in financial counseling you need to do besides anger. But you can't do all the other stuff without being angry at your problem, right? Amen. So just testifying that we were we had 10 rental properties and soon after we bought them in two years the market fell apart. We lost the values in them and everything else and we were in a hole and and some of it is decisions we made too quickly and uh so when that happened there was you it didn't seem like there was any way out. So I I out I I considered the Ishmael. And so I remembered Abraham bringing Ishmael and holding him up before the Lord. Oh, wouldn't this work? Oh, that Ishmael would live before thee. Please bless Ishmamail. And a lot of times we do that. We take our poor decisions. We justify ourselves and we're asking God to bless what we've created, &gt;&gt; right? And God said, "No, Abra." He He blessed him, but he never chose that as the promise. Isaac was the promised son. &gt;&gt; I'll do it my way, and I'm going to do it through Sarah, not Hagar. I'm not going to do it your way or Sarah's way. I'm going to do it my way. The quicker we can grow and do things God's way in his will, the better off we'll be. &gt;&gt; So, I I felt that way. I And finally, I prayed. I said, "God, I'm not asking you to bless what I've done or or I'm just asking for you to give me wisdom how to get out of it. Lead me cuz I I I owned up to it. I did this. It's my issues, my problem. I've learned from it. But Lord, would you help me give me wisdom to know how to get out?" And you know what? He did through some mentors, through some men. He spoke through some men. Took me seven years. But today I'm completely debtree by the grace of God. So we don't ask God to bless our Israels, but we're still going back to God saying, "God, I made a mess. God, can you give me wisdom to get out of it?" &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord, everybody. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let me go back up here and find out where I'm at in my notes. So the next section of He Cares, Do You Care? The next section is what we want to get to now and we'll just touch on it and then we'll go into this because I'm taking that sermon if you're listening and please do listen to it. I'm taking it in sections here. It's so such a good some of some of brother Brandham's sermon. Some of the sermons are doctrinal revelation of doctrine. Some of is a restoration of some are faithb buildinging messages and some preachers only quote out of the faithb building quotes um and some only quote out of the doctrinal. But there's a lot more in there than than that. Can you say amen? And some sermons are not doctrinal restoration. Some are just some are faithb building, but some are teaching sons of God how to live and sons of God how to be taught how to live, how to how to live like a son and daughter of God. &gt;&gt; So you should be listening to all the message and realize don't just go in there to get faith-building messages. Don't just go in there to to get your mind all filled with all the revelation of all the doctrines. You could have all the mysteries and understand all the mysteries and miss divine love. &gt;&gt; Did anybody know the Bible says that though I give my body to be burned, though I understand all mysteries and have not love, I have nothing. So there's more in there of the love of God and we learn things and this he cares. Do you care? Is is a principle that if we'll catch it, it'll be very helpful to us in the next section of the service. If you're reading along with me, you'll find out uh that he says here now, we must go on to another portion of scripture here and another thought to back this up. Before I go, I might say this. Everybody doesn't have this comforter because he's just been through talking about the Holy Ghost as a comforter. And when he was leaving, the disciples were concerned. But he says, "I I will not leave thee or forsake thee because it was a comfort to have the Lord there in that body. It was a comfort to them. We can lean on him. We can go to him. He's here." When he talks about leaving, they get nervous. What are we going to do? He said, "I'm not going to leave you comfortless. I will send you the Holy Ghost and he'll be your comforter. He'll be with you. And he'll be so close. He won't just be with you. He'll be in you." So the same comfort in the same God who cares will come in the Holy Ghost inside you and be there with you all the time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So he's talking about this comforter. He says, "But they don't." He says, "Everybody doesn't have this comforter. They don't they don't have it." So the reason they don't have it is because they don't accept it. It's for them, but they don't accept it. Now, I hope that you're spiritual enough to read what I'm saying. See, I'm speaking to a group here that's to be prayed for in a few minutes. And we have this comforter in the Holy Spirit that's sent for the comforter. But all people won't receive that. They don't believe in it. See, they in order to do that, then listen now, here's the next principle. Then they gather their comfort from some other resource, some other means. If they don't accept God's provided comforter, then they have to get some other comforter. See, listen. because you can't live without something to live for. &gt;&gt; Very deep comment. Very just I think it just so so deep in the Lord for him to to to express this in this hour as human beings are just turning to so many things and so much emptiness. But why do they keep doing why don't they just give up? And there are some that give up and just commit suicide. But most people because we're human beings, we have to have something to live for. &gt;&gt; But he says that's the reason that people take some other comforter besides the Lord, besides his counsel, besides his source. They don't. They turn it down because we have to find something. The reason they turn to another comforter is because you can't live without something to live for. Don't you ever believe, and let me lay this down here. Don't ever believe the lie that he's left us. And he left he's left us with no source to care for us or deliver us. I will not leave you when I go. I will send the Holy Spirit with you and it'll be so close. It'll be in you. That's how much he cared. Brother Bram keeps bringing this out. That's how much he cared and how close he would come. Not a distant God. He wants to tell us he won't be a distant God. He'll put his source within you, the comforter within you. That's why when we counsel someone with the Holy Ghost, it's a lot easier. &gt;&gt; It's a lot easier. You know why? Because God can pull from that seed that's been anointed on the inside of him. Many times the answer is laying right there, but it's covered over with all kinds of past all kind. I'm I'm convinced people can receive the Holy Ghost even at a very young age. And this is what happens with teenagers is that a lot of times the Lord really deals with them. They get a real change on the inside, but they're still a teenager. And the parents will think, "Oh, you got the Holy Ghost at camp. Oh, and they expect this full adult with these huge expectations." And when that kid goes through stages of young stages that he has to go through, they have too many expectations for them. even though God's done something for them. &gt;&gt; I don't think I think it's a tragedy when parents do that. &gt;&gt; And it's the same with us. We might have God has done something to us, but if we have a bunch of past baggage and we have a bunch of stuff that's hanging on us and the devil's defeating us, can you say amen? All we need to do is move that stuff away and get to that seed that's on the inside &gt;&gt; to pull from there. Because a lot of times I'm talking to somebody and as that shadow moves away and God forgives them and all this stuff, then it's confessed, the devil's exposed, they start to get the answer themselves. I don't have to counsel the answer. They're speaking it themselves. Why? The Holy Ghost is in them. &gt;&gt; It's not the counselor's not trying to work here. That's the counselors today do. They're trying, okay, I'm going to have to get the answer. I'm going to have to get the answer of this person so they get delivered. No, no. Holy Ghost person, the answer is actually down here. &gt;&gt; You just got to pull it out of them. &gt;&gt; So, it's a lot easier when someone has the Holy Ghost. If they don't, it's a lot more difficult because there's something missing. The comforter on the inside is missing. And you can help people. I I believe the the Lord can help anyone. But to have this real freedom and supernatural God to step in, uh it it takes something deeper. It takes those two omnipotence meeting. So God pulls out what's in the inside of them. Again, once you get all the past and the clouds in their spirit and their mind and that slowly starts to fade, you get to that seed that's in the inside. Not everyone will receive this though, brother Bram says. But the worst is we become we're built to seek other things that pacify or give us temporary comfort. It's &gt;&gt; true. And he says it in Jeremiah 2, my people refuse me the fountain of living water, but then they hew out broken systems for themselves. So he's saying he we do this and we seek instead of seeking God thoroughly, we seek to pacify it and put it off, cover it up and to give us a temporary comfort, not an eternal, not a real change. Why do we do it? Probably the same reason Adam sewed fig leaves together. Religion is a covering. So we want to cover up what we're hiding. &gt;&gt; So he sewed fig leaves. That was his answer. I think brother Aaron was speaking on it here. He he he sewed fig leaves together because we got to do something. We've got to do something about our what we're hiding. We've got to cover it with something. We got to turn to something. We got to we got to relax into something. We've got to we got to cover up this shame and guilt we're feeling. So in our human nature, we will tend to sew fig leaves together. We got to do something. We got to escape into a relief and bring peace to us. Something that relieves us. Why? We won't in most cases just end it all like suicide. Most cases will keep going on but live with comfort from some else or someone else. You ever heard of codependency? We live from comfort from somebody else. We draw everything from someone else instead of from God. The real reason though is what the prophet gave. We're built that we must have something to live for. All of us in here tonight have something we want to live for. If we're losing that hope, you better pray and I'll pray for you. We don't want ever want to lose our hope and have something to live for. &gt;&gt; But we don't want to find it in this life. We want to find it in our Lord. That's right. this precious person that can come near us. That's what we're living for. I am glad I dedicated my life at 16 years old. He became what I was living life for. And it's still true tonight. I'm living for him. &gt;&gt; Whatever life dishes me out, I can go through it. But I'm living life with with a thrust, with a skip in my step. &gt;&gt; My grandchildren are fun. I love them to death. But my I don't live life for them. I'm living for the Lord. &gt;&gt; Because if things can be taken away, I still have the Lord. &gt;&gt; The real reason is we have to have something to live for. So important. It's so important if we're counseling. Here's the point. Now, if people come in and they have a bunch of things that they're drawing for their comfort, sometimes in counseling, you have to dismantle all of their crutches that they have learned to lean on in order to get to a real answer from God. Part of counseling. Let's talk about what you're leaning on. Let's talk about your crutches. Let's talk about your comfort you're turning to. Should I mention some of them? Ah, we'll do it in the next service. saved you all. I'm going to read something Brother Brandham said. It's in the message. He mentioned so many things. But you know what? If if somebody is is there and they're ready to go before the Lord, you have to start talking about those crutches that you have created to lean on and dismantle some of those crutches. if they keep turning to their own man-made comfort, they may never see beyond and they go back to that crutch again. So, what are some of the things brother Brandon mentioned as we bring it to a close tonight? I haven't been very long. I want you to make note of that. What are some of the things that he mentioned so I don't get in trouble tonight. I'll just uh and I don't I'm just summarizing. So, after he says people turn to their own comfort, then what's some things he mentions? Okay. And I'm just summarized a few of them for you. There's a few more in there. There's details. I'm going to have you read the details around it, but just summarizing. Number one, he mentioned drinking. People turned to drinking. And he even mentioned a minister ministers in his own uh the healing revival turning to drink and actually being drunk in the pulpit. He said, "It's been it's been said. We've heard this and it's a tragedy." One one great minister's wife called him and said, "What do I do, Brother Brown? He's turned to another woman. what do I do? He said, "Man, I I don't know what to do." But that's what was happening. He's turning to another woman. Money, women, popularity is what ministers and men can fall by. And so, but drinking is what he mentioned. Read what he said about it. It's incredible what he says. He says, and we, he said, "That should never happen. It's a reproach. It's not a good thing." But he says, "That's no different." And he mentioned stealing and cheating and lusting after women. We'll criticize somebody who's drunk in the pulpit, but what about all the other things that people do? mention stealing, cheating, lusting after women. A high passion man is always in trouble looking at other women. He's high passion. He's that way. He leans that way. Hasn't brought it to the Lord. Hasn't been delivered. And and bring that that nature of being high passion. Bring it to the Lord. Brother Brandon mentioned, I feel so safe tonight just to mention things he said. He's mentioned smoking, which is legalized drug basically. How many legalized drugs do we have now today? Do people turn to drugs today as their comfort? Oh yeah. Smoking legalized uh drug. Number four, a woman drawing her comfort by being so well put together. That's what he said. So it's not drink, not just drinking and smoking and stealing and the men lusting after women. It's a woman that draws comfort by being so well put together in her figure, working hard. And if she's not well put together, she's working hard to be well put together, to get man's attention. What's she doing? She's not come to the comfort of the Holy Ghost. She's turning to something else to draw her comfort. She feels peace from that. That attention and that flirting from men gives her peace, but it's a false peace. working hard to be well put together to get man's attention even to get your husband's attention. Uh overly doing it. Uh brother Brandon says that you you're working so you the the tires will squeal. A man looks at you and the tires are squealing and they're whistling at you, flirting with you all just for attention. It gives a comfort but it's a false comfort. And you feel okay when it happens. You feel good when that happens. You feel to get that attention. And it makes you feel good. He mentions Satan mentioned the length of skirts getting shorter and shorter. Satan just keeps cutting off the length of the skirt, making it shorter and shorter. He mentions they take more and more of their clothes off every year, becoming almost naked on the beaches and stuff. Why does it keep going to more and more clothes off? Because why? Lust is never satisfied. And they not getting enough attention just by dressing a certain way. Take off more clothes. so they can get more attention. &gt;&gt; It's feeding something. &gt;&gt; And so he mentions a little statement here. He says in my summary, it's dressing to impress the other women at the church. Because he says after I say all this, many women will say, well, I don't do that. I don't undress at the beach. I don't you know I'm not doing all this other stuff of you know taking comforting I'm being so well put together. Many of them will say that well I don't do that but you so dress themselves in such an appeal till they try to be more modern than the women that's going to sit by them in church the next morning. It's so quiet in here. I think I'll just take a drink right now. See, I said I was closing and I am in just a couple of minutes. He said they dress themselves. This isn't out there trying to get a man's attention. This is they're actually dressing to impress someone else in the church. Now, this does don't just happen in church. You know that's not true. You know, it happens also on social media. &gt;&gt; It's a it's a worldwide web, which should scare you right away, &gt;&gt; right, brother Paul? You know, he's a he's a web guy and it guy all that those guys do. I don't know all that they do, but it's the worldwide web. That's the original aim of it. And so all of a sudden now that's a whole web of comparisons with one another. &gt;&gt; Comparing your looks with their looks, comparing your car with their car, comparing your vacation with their vacation, comparing your figure with their figure. I'm glad I'm not on there cuz I would have lost my my figure would have been out of there, you know. Just don't even look. You know, it's it's a world of comparisons. It's a world of people feeding what they lack in their their confidence as a daughter and son of God. &gt;&gt; Does it have some good things? We can see how our friends are doing. Yes. I mean, and we're using it for to put sermons and music and everything else. We always use technology for that. But the biggest thing that they say and even teenagers committing suicide, teenagers are saying themselves now in the world, not believers. They're saying this is not good for us because we we are comparing oursel with other identities and we're living in depression because of it. &gt;&gt; Teenagers are saying that &gt;&gt; they're in the worst depression because why? You've come into a world of comparing your life with everybody else. &gt;&gt; That's true. Brother Bram says they're trying to draw their comfort out of that to give them some peace. So he says, "You're sitting by the woman in church. You you you can dress a little bit more modern. You're going to sit by them in church the next morning, wear a better hat or better clothes because you can afford to do it." So now he's talking about money. Basically, you can afford to do it. You see, sin reaches way down and they try to find comfort by doing so. I'm skipping to the next one. He talks about making millions and millions politicians to buy themselves into a position like a politician and to make a great name for himself cheating of millions and millions of dollars. So I I found out of that that just trying to make tons of money in life only for the purpose of getting you in a higher position and making yourself more popular. It's drawing comfort. It's turning to something that you can draw comfort from. Money can do that. And then he says being a part of a social group or a social life. He uses the word social. We use social media and that's part of it. But people draw comfort as far as being part of a social group. I'm a part of this group. I'm a part of this church. I'm a part of this. And so the social life is a comfort people turn to. And he says little social clans. You like to be in a social clan. A little click. So they can say, brother Bram says, we're better than the next group. That's why they're drawn to comfort that if I'm a part of a social clan and a certain one, they draw comfort that they can say we're a little better than the next group. Praise the Lord. Let's pray that churches don't keep doing this. &gt;&gt; We got our church and it's the happening thing and it's, you know, we're on the map now. We're a little bit better better than the other group. We're a lot better than the other group. God have mercy on that carnality. God have mercy that's come into our ranks in the message. What a shame. &gt;&gt; None of this stuff. You know what it's people drawing their comfort. Preachers and different ones from some pride or from some following or your church is getting big and it's all just carnal drawing your comfort. that preacher probably many times some of those preachers will preach against a woman that's wearing a a skinny skirt or preach against someone being naked or preach against but what about his own pride to have that motive that I want to be on the map and I want to be popular and our church is better than the rest &gt;&gt; it's drawn your comfort out of the wrong thing &gt;&gt; all of this is to try to get a comfort so so and and and see if someone cares and see if someone would care for them I'm just word it this if someone would care for me. It's all about feeling a need to for someone to care. I need attention. I'm not getting it. And I choose these other things to soothe to soothe my heart and give me peace. And that's why I read that scripture and I'm closing that God's heart was hurt when he said, "They have forsaken me, the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out broken sistns." We always do it instead of come to the Lord. You know, we give a baby a pacifier as a replacement to soothe them, but it's not the real thing. I'm watching a lot of grandb babies and they make that transition that only goes so long. The pacifier only works so long. You may introduce it. You may try to keep it as long going as long. But what happens eventually is you keep faking the baby out. But eventually the baby gets smart. You know why get smart? Because he realized there's no substance coming out of this pacifier. There's no meat. If they could talk, they say, "Hey, where's the beef?" Right? So we give it to them to it's a replacement and they they they they duped by us because they start to settle down into that pacifier and feel soothed. It's called a soother. Soother pacifi and they just but after a while they catch on. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; We need to catch on &gt;&gt; to the emptiness in our pacifiers that we keep going to. &gt;&gt; Somebody say amen. We need to quit being babies in the Lord and quit turning to our pacifiers to soothe our spirit. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We need to be saying, "Where's the beef?" When you come to church, where's the beef? I got to eat. Can you say amen? And brother Bram says, "Al Shadi, the double- breasted one." That's what he called it. We nurse on the promises of God. We don't want no pacifier. We got to have the word of God. &gt;&gt; We got to feed on the word of God. &gt;&gt; But just like that baby, he gives into that. But after a while, he begins to cry and that phases out because he has to grow and he learns that he's not truly satisfied with the pacifier. When are we going to learn as Christians? When is Israel, the Lord was saying, you're going to learn that your broken systems are broken. They don't hold any water. There's no fulfillment. There's no satisfaction in them. When will you learn? Come to me. And brother Bram says that's a wellspring. I'm going to go into a series in a few weeks, a wellspring. I want to go into the deep thirst within us. He said that artisian well, it's not a broken sister. It comes from way down deep in the earth and it's springing out. God is an artisian well. &gt;&gt; But we heal out broken sistns that get the rain water off of the barn with all kinds of bugs in it. &gt;&gt; And after a while, when are we going to say like the baby, "This isn't satisfying anymore. I'm spitting this pacifier out until I scream and get the real thing. And boy, have I ever heard them do some screaming. We still got Christians trying pacifiers, carrying around their pacis. Didn't they even a few years ago have this like 20 years ago they were everybody was starting to suck their thumb again. Teenagers were sucking their thumb and adults were sucking their thumb. What was that all about? I don't I was I I remember I was going into Walmart and the teenagers walking through sucking their thumb, you know, pacifier in their mouth. When are we going to grow up into the things of God and stop turning to other things for our comfort? &gt;&gt; When are we going to run to the true fountain if we really care? We have to be willing to take a take a real deep look at all of the replacements that we have put in our life to draw our peace and our comfort from. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's stand together. Whatever it takes to draw closer to you, Lord, that's what I'll be willing to do for whatever it takes for my will to break. That's what I'll be willing to do for whatever. Give me a key, brother Michael. Just give me something there. Ever it takes to draw closer to you, Lord. Oh, that's what I'll be willing to do. Yes, Lord. For whatever it takes for my will to break. Oh, that's what I'll be willing to do. Can we have the first verse? First verse. Do we have one there? For whatever it takes to draw closer to you, Lord. That's what I'll be willing to do for whatever it takes. Yes, Lord. for my will to pray. Oh, that's what I'll be willing to do. I'll trade sunshine. I'll trade sunshine for rain, comfort, for payment. That's what I'll be willing to do. [Music] for whatever it takes for my will to break. That's what I'll be willing to do. Sing that one more time. I'll trade sunshine. I'll trade sunshine. [Music] comfort. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. That's what I'll be willing to do for whatever it takes for my will to bring. That's what I'll be willing to do. Can we pray together tonight? You just lay your hands on one another. Father, we're so grateful, Lord, for the grace of God in your word. It's extended to us. Lord, your word is has grace in it, the headstone come forth with grace, cryings of grace, grace unto it. Lord, whenever you show us the way plainly, the provided way that you have in this day, Lord, we always sense that your grace is speaking to us and leading us and guiding us. Help the people, Lord, to see that you really do care for every situation of our life. You care to take the most broken situations and mend them and heal them, Lord, to make them better again, Father. Not just put a band-aid on it, Lord. You bring true healing. Let the people know that you care so much, Lord, that you want to change it by your supernatural hand. And then, Lord, could we offer up a a heart that's soft before you, that we show you, Lord, we care. We care about getting deliverance. We care about getting help. Help us as well, Lord, and give us a tender heart toward you. And Lord, we sing the song, whatever it takes tonight. May we be willing to lay everything on the table, Lord, before you, God, not hide anything from you and that you could come and have full uh sway in our lives, Lord. Sons of God, led by the spirit of God on a daily basis, help us, Lord. Take all of our bitterness out, Lord. Wash away, Lord, our sin and pain, and maybe it's from the past. Whatever it is, just wash it from us, Lord. God, may we rise as lights in this hour, Lord, of the testimony of how close a Christian can become to the real victorious life. This is the hour for it, Lord. And we pray you'll do it in my life. We pray you'll do it in these people's lives. Do it in the bride around the world. I pray, Father, as we commit these things to you in Jesus name. Amen. Everybody said, "Amen. Well, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is its power. Sweet is its taste. Whenever temptation is smile, I face. Oh, I keep coming back to the well. Well, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is it power. Sweet is it taste. Whenever temptations and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well. Well, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is the power. Sweet is the taste. Whenever temptation and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well. Blessed is the fountain in a barren land that satisfies the thirst of the inner man. No better place could be found to dwell. Amen. Oh, won't you come to the well? Well, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Help us, Lord, to keep coming back to you. Oh, whenever temptation and trials are, oh, I keep coming back to you. The second verse. Jesus made a well at Calvary for healing, cleansing at victory. How it's joy overflows. No tongue can tell. I thank God for the well. I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is his power. Sweet is his. In every temptation and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well. One more time. I keep coming back to the well of grace. The greatest trials I face, I'll keep coming back to the west. [Music] God bless you. Christian love tonight, saints. I know many of you got to get back home. And if you need any special prayer, just come forward. And I just like to ask you who would commit to listening or reading that sermon. He cares. Do you care as we get back into this study a little bit? All right. I appreciate that you lifted your hand. So I trust you to do it when you get time in this busy life. But set that aside. Listen to that. I believe you get some good things in there. Hopefully some more things. Even though what I'm preaching, I believe it. It's a principle. He cares. Do you care? And God's trying to bring that together for us. So we know as Christians how to face every trial of life and the answer is to coming back to the well. That's the answer every time. God bless you Christian friend. God be with you. You're dismissed. I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is it power. Sweet is it taste. No manation and trials I face back to the well. Blessed is the fountain in a barren land who satisfies the thirst of the inner man. No better place can be found to dwell. Oh, won't you come to the well? Well, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is it power, sweet is it taste whenever temptation and trials I f. We go up one. Second verse. Jesus made a well at Calvary for healing, cleansing, and victory. How it's joy overflows. No tongue can tell. I thank God for the well. Oh, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is his power. Sweet is his taste. Never temptation and trials I face. Oh, look the well. Well, Jesus made a well at Calvary. There he defeated our enemy. Joy overflows. No tongue can tell. I thank God for the way. Amen. Keep coming back. Hallelujah. Great is his power, sweet is his taste. Whenever temptation, it trials. Oh, I keep coming back to the web. Oh, I keep coming back. Great is his power. Oh, patience drives our face. Oh, Lord for the well. Well, Jesus made a well at Calvary. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music]
