################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - 2025.07.06 - Bro. Rapp Crook - The Testimony Of Job - Rapp Crook.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   2025.07.06 - Bro. Rapp Crook - The Testimony Of Job
Speaker: Rapp Crook
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a-MG4l5pHE
========================================

Praise every praise to our single sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. [Music] Myior God my God my God my Yes. Yes. Yes. God [Music] might [Music] go my way. Yes, he is. Let's take it up. Take it up. Take it up. Every praise is to my God. Every word, all your praise for him this morning, every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. If he's your savior, God my savior. [Music] God my God my deliver. Yes, he is. Oh, yes. He's God. Hallelujah. He's my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Oh yes he is. [Music] He is. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Let's just sing this one before we sit down. Before we sit down, hold her up. Don't sit on yet. Praise you. Whoa, too high. You ask me why I'm happy, so I'll just tell you why. Because all my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say, "All my sins, my sins are gone." Where are they? There are the blood of cross of Calvary this darkness from God in the sea of God's forgiveness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are second verse. Oh, was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now all my sins are gone possession. The devil are gone. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] My sins are gone. And when Satan comes to temp me and tries to bring me down, I just say all my sins are gone. You got me into trouble. But my Jesus got me out. I'm so glad. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God's for me. Praise God. Next one. Oh, I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day. Why? Because all my sins are gone. Oh, my soul is filled with music. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Praise God. My sins are Give him glory this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated now. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise God. I just love those lyrics this morning. those up lifted my lifted my spirit this morning. So, I'm excited. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let's sing this one this morning. Keep you flat. We'll start there. Maybe not. Go up one. There is a river [Music] that flows from deep [Music] within. It's right here this morning. Just let it flow to you. Oh, there is a fountain. Yes, Lord. That frees the soul. Thank you, Lord. From within. Come this morning. Oh yes. Oh come to these waterers. Thank you Lord. There is a vast supply. [Music] Hallelujah. And there is a river [Music] that never [Music] shall run dry. Oh yeah, there is. Thank you Lord. A river all that flows [Music] from deep within. Yes, Lord. Oh, there is a fountain. Are you thirsty this morning? Oh yes. That frees the soul from all s. Yes, Lord. Oh, I welcome you this morning. Just come to these waterers. [Music] Yes, there is a slight [Applause] [Music] there. There is a richer [Music] that never shall run dry. Hallelujah. The prayer request will come this morning. Now I'm giving my life away. [Music] [Applause] laying it down on the altar. And now I'm giving my life away. [Music] Pain have to offer is my all. So here I stand. So here I stand today. Oh, giving my life away. Take it up one now. I'm giving my life away. Let's all stand and sing that together. Weighing it down at the altar. Lord, I'm giving my life away. Lord, the very least I can offer is my own. [Music] So here I stand today. [Music] giving my life away. First verse. Sing it with me this morning. First verse. Next one. Next one. Oh, we don't have it. Oh, man. Those are good ones. Um, that's okay. Let's just sing the chorus again. I like the chord. I like the verses though. Lord, I'm giving my life away. Hey. Oh, laying it down at the altar. Lord, I gave my life away. Oh, the very least I can offer is my own. So here I stand today. Oh, giving my life away. I've got one verse here. I pulled it up. Oh, I've seen a vision harsh and sweet. One who gave all he had for me. I've seen the passion of his death. Hallelujah. and the forgiveness in his final breath. Hallelujah. Oh, now I can never be the same. Aren't you glad this morning? My heart has been forever changed. I've got to live in love and care. because he [Applause] just now I'm giving my life all the way down. [Music] Bring it down on the altar now. [Applause] my life all the way. Oh, the very peace I can offer is my heart. [Music] Oh, here I stand today. Oh, giving my life. Do we have the verses now? Can we sing the second one? Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, and earthly price could be too great. Thank you, Lord. And your sacriice too much to make. No way too. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. The cost. Yes, Lord. Next to the blood of Calary's cross. for my I live for you. If I die, I can [Music] my own [Music] giving my life away. Oh [Music] my [Music] god. [Music] offer is high. Let all my worship, let all my praise flow to you, flow to you. Oh, let all my worship, let all my praise flow to you. Flow to you. Oh, let all let all my worship let all my praise flow to you. For to you. Let all my worship, let all my worship, let all my praise flow to you. all to you. Oh, let all my worship, let all my praise fl [Music] Let all my worship, let all my praise flow to you, flow to you. You may be seated this morning. Hallelujah. God bless you, brother Sam. Testing, testing, testing. Excellent. Excellent. Good morning. Um, my name is Brother Sam Davis. Uh, those of you guys that don't know me, a few of you guys do. This is a little bit of reunion for me. I've not been up this way in many years. Many years. Uh, so u from, uh, I'm bringing you greetings from uh, Brother Ben Beard in uh, uh, Galina, Missouri. He doesn't know I'm here, but I'm bringing you greetings. You know, because it's what you do. You go visit, you bring greetings. So now you know that I'm bringing greetings, but he doesn't. So, so there you go. You're welcome. Anyway, um so we're just coming up here visiting and we thought, hey, we'll swing by brother Paul Fontaine's church and it's been a lot of years since we got to fellowship with the Fontaine. And so uh and somebody said something about, you know, singing or something and I said, "Well, absolutely I will." And so then my wife said, "Well, if you're going to sing, why don't you do one that you wrote?" And I said, "Well, okay." So this this is a little bit thrown together at the last minute. It's been a bit since I did this. So, we're we're going to do our best and you all pray real hard and then and then it'll it'll be. So, this is just called war song. It's just about uh the time we're living in and uh you know, it's the bride's time and it's a time of war. It's a time of victory and it's a time to follow our chief captain Jesus Christ. So, that's kind of what it's about. So, [Music] this is a war song. It's not for peace. It's a song of violence. Out in the streets, rulers of darkness, they're rising up. This bride is here to meet them. Our time has come and this bride is speaking words of the sun. Revelation's power, sword of our tongue. And this world is fine. And I feel it sweet down in my hands and down in my feet. Let it burn. Let it roll. Let this war rage on. I won't give in. I won't let go. Until I'm breaking up the dawn sword of the spirit. The shield of faith. These weapons I've got. I'm on the front lines marching forward. I am a child of God and I'm maring. [Music] I'm marching home. [Music] Children of sorrow. I hear them weep. Lost in the darkness. Looking for peace. Set me on fire. Just let me burn until the whole world sees. Children's hearts are turn to your bleeding heart. to your broken side that broke my fears and banished all my dark to my source of strength to my source of hope to Jesus Christ the greatest warrior I know and let it burn let it roll let this age home I won't Give in. I won't let go until I'm breaking all the dawn sword of the sphere. This shield of f weapons I've got cuz I'm on the front lines marching forward. I am a child of God and I'm maring. [Music] I'm marching home. I'm marching on and on and on and on and on and on and on. I'm maring on. [Music] I'm maring home. [Music] [Applause] Praise God. Hallelujah. Marching on forward. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's all stand this morning. Praise the Lord. As brother Rap would make his way up here, we sing all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. No turning back. No turning back. I'm going all the way. No turning back. I'm going all the way. Turning back. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. I've made my choice. I've made my choice. I'm going all the way. I made my choice. I'm going all the way. I've made my choice. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. [Music] Bless you this morning. Amen. Privilege to be with you again. While we're standing, we just open our Bibles to the book of James. You can see it's been a very long time. Paul day. I'm sorry. this morning. Testing. 1 2 3 4 5 6. Very good. James chapter 5 and verse 11. Behold, we count them happy which endure. And that's that's true when you see somebody who's uh running a race or trying to to climb a mountaintop or something and they you see they're almost to the very peak and at the last they they give up and go back. Oh man, you were almost there. And what it's what what's um bitterness. You look at somebody who turns back when they're almost to the end. But we count them happy which endure. You have heard of the patience or steadfastness of Job and have seen the end of the Lord that the Lord is very pitiful. He's compassionate and he is of tender mercy. And uh today we're going to take a uh take a a look through the the book of Job looking at uh at Job's testimony. Let's let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your goodness and your grace to us, Lord. Father, I thank you for the songs of praise that have been sung, Lord. The the testimonies of your goodness to our lives, Lord. And Father, I just um Lord, we just ask your your blessing upon the service today, Lord. I pray you'd move and speak to each one of us in a special way, oh God, in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Now it's with uh when whenever we speak about uh trials and uh and suffering and things that go that go tragic in our lives, you always speak about it very very cautiously, very carefully because it's not an not an easy thing. And just this morning like uh when they got up and uh and saw the the notification on WhatsApp about the the Evans who lost their their barn and and the terrible fire that might that's the that's part of Job's story. All of a sudden tragedy strikes and you think what if that were my house? What if that were my family? And you start asking all the questions and you don't know and tragedy strikes every single one of us. There's not a single one of us who hasn't had bad things happen in our lives and you wonder why did this happen and um that's the that's the testimony of Job. And it's been a um it's been a uh it's been it's been a blessing over the last year. I I about this time last year, um our family started our uh our little trial that we've been going through. And I remember taking my wife to the hospital and coming back and gathering things to take back to tour to her. I I'm the kind of guy who who never likes to be somewhere without a book because you'll be in the waiting room. You don't want to lose those precious moments. So I think what book do I want to have? What book do I want to have? Man, and there's this I bought this little book years ago. hadn't read it before on the on on on the book of Job. So, I started reading that and I've been uh I've been going through it ever since. I just want to share some of the things that uh that God's opened up to me. Brother Brandon, he held a series on the book of Job one time. We don't have the recordings of it, but he says uh I remember here a few years ago. I was 2 years one time on Job and I had Job on the ash sheep for about four weeks. Every Sunday and somewhere else is every Sunday, every Wednesday it was Job on the ash sheep. Such a beautiful story. God dealing with his saint. And everybody else who was experiencing Job's story at the time didn't think it was God dealing with a saint. It was God dealing with a sinner. And but brother Brandham's coming clear. This is a beautiful story. God dealing with his saint. How we all get in these places of distress. Don't know where to turn and we don't know why. And I just want to spend a little bit of time going through the uh book of Job. It can be a really hard book to read because um he and his friends, they're having these discussions back and forth and his friends are saying things that sound right half the time, but you know they're not quite right. So what do you really do with it? Um, so that's what we're going to kind of take a look at. But maybe we can start off in Job chapter 1. When we look at Job here, if anyone ever has a perfect life at the beginning of Job's story, it was Job and his family. I mean, they they had all the outward markers of someone who was being blessed by God. But Job 1 verse one. Now there was a man in the land of Oz whose name was Job. And that man was perfect and upright, one that feared God and assued evil. And we can keep on going. Then um there were born unto him seven sons and three daughters. His substance also was 7,000 sheep, 3,000 camels, 500 yolk of oxen, which I take to be a thousand oxen because it takes two oxen and a yolk. 500 chiaes and a very great household. You have to have lots of employees to to run all these things. This man was the greatest of all the men of the east. And his sons went and feasted in their houses, everyone his day, and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and drink with them. And so it was when the days of their feasting were gone about that Job sent and sanctified them and rose up early in the morning, offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all. For Job said, "It may be that my sons have sinned and cursed God in their hearts." Thus did Job continually. Job was the picture of success. You think he has the the perfect testimony. He's got his uh he's got what a beautiful walk with God that he has. He's he has a blameless testimony. And notice you and I are reading the background of the story. We know what is being said about Job in heaven starting off, but no one else in the story knows this. Everybody else is just judging from what they see, making statements based upon the appearance. Nobody else sees this. He's a picture of success in his business and his finances. This guy is prospering. and you look at him and say, "Man, this guy must be paying his tithes, doing lots of offerings because look at all the blessings God's giving him." People can make those statements based on what they're seeing. He's respected in his community, in his home and family. He seems to be leading a perfect life, faultless testimony, all of the outward markers of God's favor. Is there any place in his life that's not being successful? Doesn't seem to be. his uh his sons and daughters. They're a help, happy, and healthy family. There's no sign of dysfunction. I mean, the kids like being together, even as adults, they they hang out together. Everybody enjoys each other's company. This is this is a great family. And he keeps his children covered in prayer each morning making petition for God's mercy. Um he's just a wonderful, wonderful man. Now later on in the book of Job, Job is starting to look back how life was before everything went wrong. And we can kind of look at his what what he says in Job 29 as he looks back. This is at the end of his last speech and you can kind of see that um he might have had a wrong idea about how God worked. We'll look at Job 29 and uh you'll see that he he kind of thought that he he had a certain expectation of how life was going to be and it was not it was not a correct expectation. Job 29:12 he says because because I delivered the poor that cried because I delivered the fatherless and him that had none to help him. I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. He's showing all the different things he did when he was a respected member of the community. He thought, "Because I've done all these good things, this is how I think life is going to end up for me. I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. I was eyes to the blind. I was feet to the lame. I was father to the poor. The cause which I knew not. Someone brings me this situation that seems to be unjust, I know nothing about it, but I'm going to search it out to make sure justice is done here. I broke the jaws of the wicked. I plucked the spoil out of his teeth because I've done all these things. Then I said, "I'm going to live a long fruitful life, live happily ever after. I'm going to die in my nest on my beautiful estate here. I'll multiply my days as the sand." That's what Job's expectation was. And that's what we often can think of, too. Hey, if you just do the right things in life, bad things probably aren't going to happen to you because yeah, why do bad things happen to good people? In Job's day, there was only one question. Sorry, one one answer to that question. They don't. And if bad things happen to good people, then that person probably wasn't as good as you thought they were. So Job has an outstanding testimony before the Lord, upright, blameless. Yet there's a he's something that's not quite right in his in his thinking about God. Kind of like the person Brother Brandham talks about. I'd rather be wrong in my doctrine and right in my heart. Job had a right heart with God. He had a right relationship with God. Yet you know what? Is it possible for any of us to ever be completely right in our doctrine? God is infinite. How could we make any statement about God with human words? Amen. That is not going to be some way lacking. God will always be bigger than our statements about him. And Job, he's from the uprightness of his heart, this expectation has come. I've done all these good things. I'm just looking back. I'm looking forward to getting old, being in my being in my easy chair here on my front porch, watching my kids frolic about the uh about the about the front lawn, playing together. I'm going to enjoy my old age because I have served God so faithfully. He's going to bless me. I'm looking forward to enjoying that. But um Job had a wrong expectation. But he was right in his heart. So when things went different than his expectation, he had a choice. Am I going to hold on to my expectation of how I think God should treat me or am I just going to hold on to God? And that uh that is what we that's a difficulty that all of us will face at some point in our life. Oswald Chambers, he's the author of the devotional, My Utmost for His Highest. He also wrote a book about Job called Baffled to Fight Better. He said, "It must be remembered what Job's creed was." Job believed that God prospered and blessed the upright man who trusted in him and that the man who was not upright was not prospered. And then came calamity after calamity. Everything Job believed about God was contradicted and his creed went to the wind. And at that moment, he has a choice. Am I going to hang on to my belief about God and be I want to be proven right that what I've said and believe about God will be true or do I let go of that and say let God be God. I'm just going to hang on to God. That's the important thing. Do we believe our beliefs about God or do we believe God? They can be close together, but they can also be far apart sometimes. And in the unfolding drama of his trial, everything Job thought about God was going to be ripped away. And he has no idea why. Yet, from the start, Job's heart was right with God. He's a successful man in every way. But unbeknownst to him, Job's life had attracted the attention of Satan. This enemy had long journeyed over the earth. He'd witnessed the worship of Job going up to heaven. And Satan had witnessed the blessings of God raining down on Job. Satan had heard all the prayers and the proclamations of love from Job. He'd observed God's great pleasure with his most faithful son. Okay, try this. Satan has heard all these things. He's seen Job praying, uh, praising God, seen God blessing Job, and Satan scoffed at it all because he thought, I know why this is happening. This was no love between God and Job. This was just a mutual coincidence of wants. Job, he needs blessing, so he praises God. And God, he wants somebody to praise him, so he showers blessings down. And they just call it love. But Satan, no, that's not love. This is a selfdeception of the highest order. Job and Jehovah have no relationship of disinterested love. Satan says, "Satan knows that such relationships don't exist. The greatest love to Satan. The only love he knows is self love. Any relationship between creatures was not built upon love for the other person. It was built upon love for one's self. Self-interested transactions was all that was the base of any relationship. Considering Job, Satan thought, who wouldn't offer worship to a God who blessed so liberally? And considering God, what spirit wouldn't be satisfied and happy with such lavish proclamations of worship? Satan understood self-interest? He admired successful transactional relationships. But Satan couldn't stand the lie that Job and God loved each other. So his purpose is to reveal the farce behind Jehovah's purported love for humanity and expose Jehovah to be no more and no less than an angel who had written of Victor's history of heaven's war. That is the purpose behind Satan's meeting with God in Job chapter 1 verse 6. [Music] Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord. And Satan came also among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, "Which comest thou?" Then Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and from the earth, from what? Walking up and down in it?" And the Lord said to Satan, "Have you considered my servant Job? There's none like him in the earth, a perfect and upright man, one that fears God and chooses evil. And then Satan asked the Lord and said, "Do Job fear God for not for nothing? How could you make a hedge about about his house and everything he has on every side? He blessed the work of his hands, his substance increases the land. But put forth your hand now, touch all that heath, and he will curse you to your face. Does Job fear God for not? And this question to Satan, he's trying to reveal the lie that this is a a relationship of love. All this is is transaction. Job worships, God blesses. It's like the water cycle, the evaporation, precipitates, all that it is. Now when I before I've always read this story, read this question. I thought that Satan was attacking Job's testimony and to a certain extent he is. But if you think about the question deeper, who is Satan really accusing? Yeah. Does Job fear God for not? I'd always thought it was Job who was being attacked, but at its deepest level, it's not Job, right? It's God. If we were to paraphrase this uh this this question, Satan would be saying, "The only reason Job fears you is because you pay him to do it. You two make a contract. You protect and prosper him as long as he obeys and worships you. You're not a god worthy of worship. You're no better than the mafia boss. You have to pay people to honor you." So when Satan asks God, "Is job pure God for nothing?" It's not just the town. Job at its deepest level, it's an attack on God. It's a challenge of God himself that God, you are not worthy of worship. That's what's really going on here. That's right. And the whole time throughout the book of Job, Job thinks that he's the one on trial. He said, "Man, I wish that God would come, that he'd come on the scene and be my witness, and then they came to me that I am righteous." But Job had the wrong picture because he wasn't on trial. Satan puts God on trial. And God is saying, "You're putting me on trial. I want to find a good witness here. If there's any witness who pull the carpet underneath Satan's argument is going to be Job." And God said, "I'm going to put Job on the witness stand." And you can ask him whatever questions you want. You can be the the the most irritating, the the worst prosecuting attorney in a cross examination, ask him the trickiest question. Job will stay true the entire time. It's ultimately God who's on trial in this story. And he's tapping Job to be his witness. No attorney is going to put somebody on the witness stand, be cross-examined by the other side, and he doesn't have confidence. So when God says God has counted you worthy when you have a test he says I am putting my full confidence in this witness sat as whatever questions whatever situations I'm he's going to be he's going to give the the the test is going to win the day in court is counted you worthy test trial that shows the grace of God has found has found you found favor with God God believes you'll stand the test. Well, amen. When it looks like everything has gone wrong, God's giving you a trial. He's got confidence in you. He doesn't have to baby you around. You are a real Christian. So, Satan lays out uh this challenge to God. You're not a God worthy of worship. You just have to pay people to worship you. This is a challenge to God's character. And God says, "Game on." You can do whatever you want to my servant Job within these boundaries. Take whatever he wants away from him and he will still worship. And God does put boundaries upon Satan. He don't he's not supposed to touch Job in this first this first phase of temptation. Um but notice one of the things we'll we'll will will learn from this uh this this story what is really valuable none of the things that Jo that that Satan touches in phase one of the story that that people think are so valuable in life all the worldly possessions the great house everything all those things are taken away from Job yet Job's identity who he is isn't touched you've got all kinds of stories about people who go from rags to riches wow all a sudden they're they're super successful. Then the stock market crashes and they go from riches to rags to one day. And because they've so identified themselves with their career, with their wealth, with their status, they've identified themselves with that and the stock market crashes. They've thrown themselves out of the building because to them they've lost their very identity when they lose their wealth. Well, Job loses everything. But his identity was not based on any of that. His identity was not touched in in this first phase of Job of Satan's attack upon Job. And then in one day, disaster strikes Job's home. First the civilians come and Job's ox and asses are stolen and his servants slay except one who has escaped alone to tell them. Two hours later, the fire from heaven falls. All of his sheep are burned up. All of his servants are slain except one who's escaped alone to tell them. Hour or two later, this job is just reeling from one shock after another. The Calaldanss come carry away all of his camels to slay all of his servants except the one who escapes them to tell them. And then lastly, this great wind comes. The house collapses on Job's children and his servants. And only one servant has escaped alone to tell him. What a day. The worst days of our lives I don't think could compare with this. And why? Why? We've read the first the first part of the story. We know why it was nothing wrong with Job. is God and Satan. They've they've made Job's life their battleground. But if we didn't know the battleground, Job chapter one, what might we be thinking? Man, Lord, I pray for my my brother Job. He's going through a real trial and he's lost everything. Help Lord be listening carefully to what you're trying to tell him here. God, I pray that you would help Job to get things right in his life. and tent for more things come. That's what we would probably all right be saying if we didn't know the backdrop. That's right. We need to be really careful being commentators on other people's trials because we don't know what's going on without the insight of Job 1. We would probably have agreed with Job's friends. Happy is the man of God correcteth. We might have said those very things and encouraged Job to repent as well. Job knew what had happened. Four servants had come to tell him, but he didn't know why. And that's the crux of the matter because if God had sent an angel, the nine of Job tomorrow is going to look like the worst day of Abraham. Job just hold on. keep on worshiping no matter what because we are going to deal the devil of death blow with this. If God had done that, Joel been prepared. He would have been doing it all, going through the motions. But God would have been guilty of witness tampering. The whole trial would have been compromised. Job couldn't know. Job couldn't be told. He just he's flying blind to the trial. He has no idea why all this has happened. thinks in Job think what have I done wrong God? What have I done right? He goes to Cathol I I offered the sacrifices last night. I prayed for my kids last night. What is wrong God? I don't know. He has he's flying blind. The only He can't answer the why question. The only thing that he has to go on is God's character. Amen. He's known God for years and years. He's had a relationship with God. God has always been faith before. I don't know what God's doing now, but I just got to trust him. That's the only thing that Job has to go on. And notice what does Job do after he loses everything. He says in verse 21, he Job falls to the ground and worships. Naked will I out of my mother's womb. Naked shall I return thither. The Lord gave and the Lord take it away. That's right. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. What if his what what did his four servants think? What did his wife think? What is this guy saying? And all this Job sin not or judge God foolishly. Job makes it through phase one of the trial with flying colors. And we always think that trials only have one phase. Job now enters phase two. Satan again is going to come before the throne of God. Again, he's going to go into negotiations with God. Yeah, God. Anybody will continue worshiping you skin for skin and man will give everything for his life. But uh what is he going to do next? Job chapter 2, let's go over there. Let's see here. Back to this again. There was a day when the sons of God came before the sons uh came to present himself before the Lord and Satan came also among them. And uh Satan says in verse four, God says, "Hey, have you considered my servant Job? Everything you've done for done against him. You moved me against him to destroy him without cause." Satan says, "Skin for his skin. All the men half will give for his life. put forth your hand now and touch his bone and his flesh and he will curse thee to thy face. And the Lord said, behold, he's in your hand but save his life. And now in the second part of the trial, God is permitting Satan to touch Job's health. And that's a really hard trial because when we're not feeling good, say, "Oh, it's not her back that hurts or head that hurts or not just the the bad feelings for too long." We start translating those students and not saying, "I'm not feeling good." We say, "I'm not good." That if you're not feeling good for a long enough time, we're going to start thinking there's something wrong with me. And just descend going darker and darker and darker. That's where Satan wants to take Job. That's right. He wants to strike him in his flesh and that's the way to get to his mind. And he's just going to paralyze him with fear, with anxiety, with depression, and he's just going to make Job give up. That is his plan. That's right. That's right. And Satan leaves um God's presence in heaven and he goes forth and he smites Job with sore boils from the sole of his feet to the crown of his head. Job doesn't have a house party. He has nothing. He's he he's he has no friends. He's all by himself. He's on this heap and he's just with a potur scrape trying to make his skin clean from these putrifying boils. He's sitting down among the ashes. His wife comes to him and says, "Do you still retain your integrity? Just curse God and die." And she's thinking thinking rationally almost dare to say because she life is this bad joke. Let's just get out of it. If this is what life is going to look like, we've had a great life so far. If this is how life's going to be, what do we need to do just to end it all? That's the temptation that she's laying out there and it's it's a hard one. But again, Job, he responds with such such certainty of God. He says, "What shall we receive good at the hand of God and shall we not receive evil?" And all this Job did not sin with his lips. And Job's story here is a very special one. He is going to be the answer to the question that go that Satan throws at God's feet. Does Job fear God for not the message Christ is the mystery of God revealed? There are a few places where brother Graham says something like we have the answer to the devil's question. That's right. Remember reading that years ago that's great to have the answer to the devil's question. But what's the question? Because if I have the answer, you know what what it goes with. And I think it goes with this kind of a question. Does Job fear God for not? Do you fear God for nothing? Right? And he says we have Satan's answer. God's vindicated himself to the that he proves himself his promise in this last day. The Lord is here at the same time. There's the devil's answer. He goes on to say, "We are his victory. The church is his victory. We come forth to the last days of this glorious gospel showing his victory. He died for his purpose. We are proof of his victory. Amen. So Job is put on the witness stand to answer Satan's question. And Job doesn't just have the answer. His life is the answer. Job the life he lives. Worshiping God in the worst of times when God is showering no blessings upon him. Job continues to worship God. That life is Satan's answer. He's right. And I just want to speak something for Job's wife. You know, she's the one who says unto him, "Do you still retain integrity? Curse God and die." And you want to notice that God didn't smite your debt. God doesn't do anything to judge her. I think that God has understanding for the frailties of our flesh. She says something. Job says, "You're speaking like a foolish woman right now." In the next chapter, Job could be said, "You're speaking like a foolish man, too." Because Job is starting to talk about, "I wish I were just dead." Now, I wish like I would have been still born. Job is saying the very same things. And God is God that has mercy and grace for each one of them because he understands the frailties of our flesh. And in Job's despair, he is wrestling with the why question. Why in Job chapter 3, why didn't I die for my mother's womb? Why didn't I give up the ghost when I came out of the belly? Verse 12, why did the knees permit me? Why did the breast nation suck? Verse 20. Why is light given to him that's in misery and life to the bitter and soul? Why is light given to a man whose way is hidden God has ended in? Why? Why? Why? This is the very same man who a chapter earlier says the Lord have given or it's taken away. Blessed be the Lord. Very same man. So this is not a weakness in Job's testimony from all of a sudden he's falling on his face before God losing his integrity. No, it's the same man in mortal human flesh. In the book of Job, we find his testimony. Some days he's making strong statements about God. Other days he's he's he's in the molyrs really, really low and other days he's up and down, up and down. But it's the same job through all of his more ups and downs that God says, you consider the man like my servant Job, upright, fears God. Job's testimony was pristine. Yet, that doesn't change that he's human. That's right. In times of testing, Job's first question was why? Why? Why? And as hard as it is, I just want to suggest that that's not the most useful question for us to ask. That's right. Because hidden behind the why question is really a fingered accusation. Right. God, I'm asking why, but really, it's your fault and you're not dealing with me fairly or justly. And in Job chapter 3, he's marinated in his why questions so long that in chapter 4, he starts accusing God and going to the next step. So, our first question really shouldn't be why, but what? What can I get out of this? Not how can I get out of this? That's what Job's wife was asking. How can I get out of this? But the best question is, what can I get out of this? Because God is not wasting pain. He's not wasting. Right. That's right. Job's friends came and I'd say they probably helped him the most when they just sat with him and said nothing. Because explanations rarely help a human heart. Right. Expectations don't help those who hurt. Job's friends, they heard his words throughout the entire book. They hear his words, but they don't hear his pain. Instead, they wrangle with his words and they never minister to his heart. And when they hear they they they come at the end of chapter 2, they hear his why why why they hear him venting his spleen. Chapter 3, they hear his accusations with God. Sometimes in chapter 4, Elephas comes up and he just hammers Job. This job, you need to get right with God. And all they're doing is listening to the words, but they never pause saying, "Why is he saying these things? What's going on in his heart?" That's right. And it's so interesting. His friends deal with Job's words. God never does. That's right. And God never deals with Job according to what Job says. Cuz Job says some pretty rough things about it. At one point he thinks says God is like an archer shooting poison arrows at me and my spirit is sucking up poison from the arrows and I'm dying. God is hunting me. God is trying to kill me. He's that is this picture of God in the midst of this suffering. And God never comes along and says, "Jo, how could you say that about me? I have done so much for you. You are false. God doesn't do that. In fact, at the end of the book, God says that Job's friends did not speak what is right about me, but my servant Job has. That's right. It's like God isn't God is ignoring sometimes Job's words and he's hearing his heart. But I thought when I when I when I read this as of the men, how often as a husband do I respond to the words that my wife has thrown at me? And instead of just listening to what the heart might be said, say the same thing about my kids. I I my kids I'm right on top of that. But maybe better is to slow things down and try to deal with them like we want God to deal with us. We like to deal with people's words. hurt what other people do with our hearts. We need to try to do the same thing. Joe's friends heard the words but not his pain and they argued with him instead of ministering to him. Does reading an X-ray or take the pain of a broken leg away? You go to urgent care. Oh man, this is killing me. They take the X-ray and the doctor shows, man, you got a broken leg. Oh, I feel so much better now. No, no. Explaining the source of the pain doesn't solve the problem. We live on promises, on explanations. So, we shouldn't spend too much time asking God why. And if you notice, God never answers the why question. That's right. He never tells Job why. Because the reason doesn't help us. We need God more than we need any kind of reason. [Music] So now Job's friends, they're going to start talking to him. And Elf, the Temonites, he's the uh he's the first one. And uh one uh one commentator has said what Satan could not do with all the Seans and the Calaldanss and the winds and the and the fires that he does with the debating approaches and controversial assaults of Job's friends. Oh, the curse of controversy. Job's friends, they weren't a super good help to him. So, Elephaz starts out coming. And uh to Elephaz, God always has whatever God has done in the past, he has to do now. I have known God. Do this in my in my past experience. That's how God's going to deal with you now. And we know that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. But we have to give God elbow room. God is going to be God. We can say that God's always done this, this, or this, but God will always be greater than our expectations of him. And we have to give God that room because Elephaz and his friends think they know everything about Job's situation. But the one thing they don't know is the most important thing, and that's the background of chapter one. That God says Job is perfect, upright, fears God, assues evil. The reason he's going through this is because God is putting Job on the witness stand and Job is the battleground between God and Satan. They don't know the background and they're going to draw all the wrong conclusions because of that. So, Elephaz starts out, well, Job, whoever perished being innocent. Elad's going to speak with cold logic here. We're on the wrong screen here. Yeah. He's saying, "Job, the innocent don't perish. You're perishing. Therefore, Job, you must not be innocent." That's how he's dealing with them. But you never you're never going to heal somebody with just cold logic. He says, "Happy is the man whom God correctth." Job, look on the bright side. God's just correcting you. And God's not done with you, so look on the bright side. It'll be fine. And I can remember one time after my wife got out of the hospital, I was reading my Bible there at breakfast. I was there by myself in the kitchen and she comes down and my you reading your Bible this morning. Great. Let me see what you've been reading. I can get a blessing today, too. And I've been reading in Job chapter 5. I have this scripture that's highlighted. And she reads Job 5:17, "Happy is the man whom God correctth." What's that saying about me? That's that's what Elephaz is saying. and his words have a grain of truth to them. If God is correcting you, it can end out well. But if you're speaking that to someone who God's not correcting, that's right. That's just going to be confusing. And then all of Job's friends are going to kind of rehash this line, saying, "Job, you can see things aren't going so well for you." So Job, just confess your sins and God will restore everything that you've lost. Just do this, Job. But if you know what this is really a paraphrase of what Satan had said at the beginning, does Job fear God for nothing? Job just fear God again and you'll get the stuff back and Job's not going to fall for it. So with Elephas and his friends, you'll notice there are times when they say right things, but they're speaking the right things to the wrong person. And brother Brandham says there's three things in the scripture you cannot do. three musts. You must not misinterpret the word, misplace the word, or dislocate the word. If you do any of these three things, you throw the whole thing into a confusion into chaos. And that's what Job's three friends did the entire time. They misinterpreted, dislocated, misplaced the word, and it threw Job into a chaos. They were trying to be helpful, just like people are sending you text messages in their trials sometimes that don't land the way they were intended to. They mean well, but they might be saying the right thing to the wrong person. Billad just continues with it. Billad's going to be saying, "Job, God's justice is perfect. Who are you to fight God's justice?" Well, Job wasn't going through a trial of God's justice. Billad thought he was. And he actually goes goes there. He says in this translation, Job, it's plain that your children sinned against God. Otherwise, why would God have punished them? He says some some really harsh things and he says again, Job, just seek the Lord. If you were pure and right, he'd prosper you. Again, these friends are just rehashing the devil's line. Job, just do right and God will bless you again. But Job isn't going to fall for it. And it gets worse and worse. Zofar just says as he starts speaking, Job, you're a windbag, a liar. That's my paraphrase. Who can stop listen to the the wind of these words? That's what he's calling him. God is actually punishing you less than you deserve. He suggests that in Job 11:6. And you know what? Have we ever said that to our kids before? I'm being nice to you. You deserve a lot worse than I'm giving to you. Um, but that's kind of Zofar is is saying that. Then he says, Job, you should have known better. You were prosperous for a time and the prosperity is gone. That's because you're wicked because the triumphing of the wicked is short. The joy of the hypocrite is for a moment. Job, your experience is proof. You're a wicked person. You're a hypocrite. You're a seeker, a sinner. Repent so the good stuff can come back. That's how his friends keep on approaching him. And we're not going to go through all the arguments cuz really in rounds two and three, they just get louder and louder. But they're saying the very same things again and again and again. If you were Job, what would you say? You're just you're you're feeling bad already. Then you're hearing all these accusations. What do you say is you try to defend yourself? Well, one of his main question is, Lord, how long is this trial going to last? He's going through a really heavy trial. It is a bitter trial. He feels like there is no hope in this. It is just completely hopeless. And if we look in Job chapter 7, Job kind of looks at says, "God, beginning times and ending times are baked into the human condition. There's an appointed time to man on earth. There's a beginning time and ending time. You hire somebody, he's going to have appointed time. It's a servant. You go out to the field in the morning around noon, you see where the sun is. I know about how far I am. Dusk, I'm about done. God, I should have that kind of knowledge in my trial, too. I should be able to see where's the middle point. Where approximately is this going to end? We would feel that if we feel like if we know how if there's we know there's an end point, how much further we have to go, that could be psychologically easier for us. And Job saying, "God, this is how it is in all humanity." But it's not with me. Why not God? I am made to possess months of vanity. Wearyome nights are appointed to me. This is not just a week or two trial with Joel. This is at least months long. When I lie down, I say, "Oh, when am I going to arise?" Just have this whole thing be repeated again. He's he's surviving the night, then he has to go through the day. And it's just it's just a really really hard time. How long God? And then as he keeps being accused by his friends, he keeps asking, "How can anybody be righteous before God?" If you get down to it, I'm sure if you in investigated my life, you could probably find some little failures. He's saying, "How can a man be just compared to God? How can I get God to vindicate my righteousness?" And that's again, Job wants God to be his witness and he's desperately crying out for that. But the whole time he is being God's witness. He doesn't He has no clue about it. But he continues to hold fast to his integrity. He's not going to say, "Okay, maybe I'm going through this trial. Maybe I don't have the baptism of the Holy Spirit like I had, so I'm going to go ahead and confess. I need I need to be prayed for again." He's not going to do that. No, I'm going to hold fast to my integrity. I have been serving God. God has dealt with me. I don't know what what's going on is going on, but I'm going to stand strong before him. I am certain of God. He wants to meet God in court. He says this desperately, and part of it is, man, as soon as he says it, what he almost, what have I just said? What a frightful thought having to meet God in court. What would I even say if I got there? he thinks. And even if I were to declare my innocence, would that help? Because he's still thinking of God sometimes as this great hunter who's after him. And Job chapter 6, the arrows of the Almighty, poisons seeping into my spirit. You hunt me like a fierce lion. If that's your image of God through your trial or sometimes in your trial, it's going to be hard to think if I could go and talk to God, is that going to help anything? that that's that that's part of his uh that's part of his problem. Which leads him to say, "If I only had a mediator, someone who could stand in the gap for me, who could go and speak for me. If I only had this mediator in the east, um this person was called a a daysman." So it' be two two people maybe with a business transaction or maybe they're neighbors and they they're having disputes in the days now would be somebody who gets them both together at the table handing either one of us. Okay guys, we're going to talk this out and we're not going to leave until we're friends again. Job saying, "I wish I had somebody like that who could bring us together in a safe space and we could resolve these differences." But you know what? God isn't a man. That's right. As I am that I should answer him and we come together in judgment. And there isn't a days man betw twix us that might lay his hand upon us both. Job wants that. But he said that's not the way this is. I wish there would be a days. I wish there would be a mediator, someone to stand in the gap for me, but that is not the way life seems to be made here. So that's in a in a nutshell how Job has been trying to answer and uh and and defend himself against the charges of his friends. At the end of the book though, let's turn over to Job chapter 32. And we're going to meet a young man who uh we don't know when he he joined uh uh this discussion group, we'll call it, for lack of a better word. Um but Job has been there on the ice sheep. uh Zofar, Bildad, and Elephaz. They're all there with him. And Elahu, I don't know when he comes, but he perhaps comes up and he he listens to these men going back and forth and just raking Job over the coal, so to speak. He listens to him. And because he's younger than all of them, he waits until they're done before he starts to speak. And once he starts to speak, he has a special message for Job. And that's what we want to take a look at Elu. Who was he? Because uh Ellew the other men have buildad the shoe height. Elfaz the temonite. Elhu is just Elu. That's right. Who is he? Interestingly enough, he's the only character in the story who has God identified in his name. None of the other characters have an attri are expressing an attribute of God in their name. Elahu means he is my God and it is given in Job 32 that it is Elahu um the son of Barakel and Barakel is father means God blesses. There's something interesting about Elohu and Elue has listened to this debate raging and raging. This might have taken weeks. We don't know how long this is going on. He he's he's listening to it. And like we said, each with each round, everybody is raising their voices louder and and sharpening their arguments and and being more hurtful in their use of words. And and really I wonder if sometimes Job's friends don't push him further to to to say things that he probably wouldn't have said if they'd been speaking to him differently. But anger has really ruled the roost here in this in this in this discussion group so far. And anybody can become angry. That's easy. But to be angry with the right person to the right degree at the right time for the right purpose in the right way. That is not easy. And somehow Elohu does that because every time Job's friends have spoken, Elfaz finishes and Job jumps right in there and argues back against him. And then Buildad answers and then Job jumps up and argues back against him. Then Zofar answers. Job jumps back up and argues back against him. And it goes and goes and goes like this. But Elohu, he just starts speaking and Job says nothing. That is a gift to be able to bring some kind of word of correction because Elohim isn't just saying Job, poor guy, you'll be with him. He's not say he's not just saying that. He is he's bringing a word of correction to Job, too. He's different, though. And that's a that's a really special thing. Job is Elu rather is here. He's trying to change the focus because for the entire speech, for the entire book of Job, Job has been talking about himself, how he feels, his trial, how hopeless it is. And then Job's friends are accusing him and he responds back. Job and his misery have been the focus of everything. And Elahu comes back here and he's trying to change the focus is God's we're going to stop stop talking about Job so much and we're going to start talking about God and he's train changing the focus off of Job self and trying to get Job's eyes to God. And I kind of see Eloh here as a forerunner. He's preparing the way because in just a few chapters God's going to come down on the scene and he's going to speak to Job. But while everybody's eyes are right here at Job, God's be speaking from here. They need to be ready. They need to have their hearts turned, their eyes turned. Eloh does this, guys. Start looking to God. Start looking to God. And by the time Eloh is done, Job's no longer the focus. It is God who's the focus. And then God comes down and speaks. And we'll get to that in a minute. Elohu is different. His approach is different. There's something about how he says that no debate or no argument is sparked. His great concern was not to debate what Job said about himself, but to refute what Job said about God. And notice how he does this. Brother Brand says, "After a while, from the east came a little prince by the name of Elahu representing Jesus Christ. And first he began to straighten Job out about where he'd done wrong and things of accusing God. Job says some pretty hard things about God. And then when he began to speak to him not as a sinner, when Elephaz spoke to him or Bildad spoke to him or Zofar spoke to him, they had their minds made up about Job. They knew exactly what the case was. Knew exactly what Job had to do. If he does this, this is exactly what's going to happen. They had their minds made up. They spoke to him as a sinner and all they got was argument and controversy. But Elu comes in here. He doesn't raise any of the crazy things that Job has said about God. He doesn't raise those up. He speaks to Job's heart. He speaks to Job's pain. Notice what Job's friends do. They remind Job each time they speak about the bad things he might have said or something he might have done. But Job is this the same guy who says God is like a a lion trying to hunt me. He's the same God who the same guy who said the Lord giveth, the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. That's right. A real friend would remind you about a positive confession you'd made. Job remember he just said, "Naked came I out of the mother's womb. Naked I would go back to it. Blessed be the name." You could have reminded him about that. Taken him back to when he's saying something good. Every time they speak, they're taking it back to mistakes they think he made or bad things he could have done. Elhu is the opposite. He goes back and reminds Job about some good things that he said. Elohu has listened. It's obvious when he speaks that he's been listening to Job because he one of one of the things that Job is asked about says uh um if you if you plant a seed, that seed's going to rise back up again. and it'll it'll birth into a flower. The dead seed is resurrected in the in in the flower. But what about me? If I die, will a man live again? And he's asking about these things. And Job makes some makes some incredible expressions of resurrection in the book. It's like come what is a we can't say it's the purpose of a trial. What is the good thing that comes out of the trial is God pushes revelation out of us. Sometimes we don't know what's in us. Son of Job is brought to a point. The only thing he can say is my he's faithful though he slay me yet I'll trust him. Those are the things that his friends heard but they didn't respond to. But Elahude does respond to some of these things. He said, "Job, you're watching those flowers. They're in God's way. They haven't sinned. There's nothing about them that sin. But man sinned. That's the reason you don't see him no more." when he goes down, he goes to shield. We don't see him anymore. But Job, there's coming a just one who will stand in the breach. Elu has been listening. He knows that Job's heart is crying for a mediator. And that's a big part of what El is going to speak to him about. He's been listening. If Job's friends had been better listeners, they might have been better friends. Mhm. That's right. Why do bad things happen to good people? Why does tragedy strike like it does sometimes? And Elohu is going to bring new light to this age-old question. First off, suffering is not just about punishment. Now, there can be if you go if you exceed the speed limit by really egregious amounts, you just might get caught by a state trooper and you might have some suffering to do it that you've brought about yourself. Suffering can be a um can be a form of punishment. It can be. But that's not the only way to explain things. And Eloh is going to tell us that God can also preserve us from evil. That's right. or speak to us personally through difficult things that we go through. And we can take a look in our Bibles to Job chapter 33 and uh Job 33 and let's look at verse we'll start at verse 14 says God speaketh once y twice yet man perceives it not. How is God going to speak? Well, first he goes back in 15 and it talks God can speak in a dream or in a vision of the night. He's been listening because that's how Elephas said God spoke. God came to me in a vision of the night and I saw this job. And Ellie says no, God can speak that way when deep sleep fallth upon men and slumberings upon the bed. Why is he doing this? He's opening the ears of men, sealing their instruction that he may withdraw man from his purpose and hide pride from man. God might be speaking us to with to to to change our minds about something to divert our direction a different way. Verse 18, he keepeth back his soul from the pit and his life from perishing by the sword. One of the purposes of pain could be to or one of the purposes of any message from God could be like verse 18 says to keep back his soul from the pit. So a message that God might be speaking through his words, through a dream or a vision could have that purpose. But then he goes on there is God speaks in one way. Yay too. He said in verse 14 and here's the second part. Someone could be chasened also with pain upon his bed and the multitude of his bones with strong pain and he abhores bread. His soul abhores his dainty meat. And the purpose could still be the same. God is trying to keep back his soul from the pit. One purpose of pain, it can be to protect the soul of man from the pit, to preserve us from something worse. And if God is God and we're human beings, God is going to know much more about our situation than we do. So our abil our inability to explain a good reason for this doesn't mean there isn't because God is infinite and he could have a a good reason that we've never even thought of. The apostle Paul expands upon this in the New Testament as the apostle Paul he was uh he he he suffered as well. He was given a thorn in the flesh and uh why was that thorn in the flesh given to prevent him to protect him from temptation. Lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations. There was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure. We don't know what this was, but God allowed Paul to be buffeted by this messenger of Satan, and it had a good purpose in his life. Paul resisted it. He prayed against it multiple times. He besought the Lord three times. God, I pray you'd take this thing away from me. And God didn't. And finally Paul just accepted the situation as it was and God's sovereignty in it. And you can imagine Paul might have been tempted trying to cast that devil out of him. But this is something that God had allowed in him. God could have God could have healed him. That's right. But when it was abundantly clear to Paul that God is something else, Paul accepted what God had and God gave him grace. My grace is sufficient for thee. My strength is made perfect in weakness. More gladly I will glory in your in my infirmities that the power of Christ may rest upon me. I take pleasure in infirmities for Christ's sake. Suffering can preserve us from temptation and it can also draw us closer to God so he can teach us. Now at the beginning of the book of Job, Job was already close to God. So these were still situations that don't explain Job's situation. But Elohu is basically just trying to tell these men who are around Job, your one explanation for every role of suffering is insufficient. There are these other things that can can explain why it is. So Job was already close to God. He would didn't have to go through this to get closer. But we can see but did but did Job get closer to God through it all? He certainly did. And it's easy for it would it was easy for Job or sorry for for the Apostle Paul to try to cast this sword in the flesh out. That's a really easy thing to try to do cuz this is this is spiritual war. I know what I'm supposed to do with this. But it can be harder sometimes to just accept what God's put in their lives for whatever purpose and God may your grace be sufficient for me. And um one one theologian said, "It's a greater thing to pray for pain's conversion than for its removal. God, whatever I'm going through, would you use it to make me stronger?" And I can remember years back, I was going through some uh um mental battles, wasn't wasn't feeling real uh real good about things. And I was uh going for a walk around Breast Reservoir there in Lima. And uh as I'm thinking, as I'm praying, as I am meditating, I'm my mind goes to the book of James. Behold, we count them happy which endure. P let let patience have her perfect work, that he may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. And as I'm thinking of that and meditating on that, the the visual image I get in my mind is of this guy being wheeled on a gurnie to have open heart surgery, which I'm told is not a very pleasant experience. you just get torn open. It doesn't feel good at all. And I'm sure for the person who's in that experience, they they would love not to have to. And if they don't understand it, they think, man, these messengers of Satan are trying to get at my heart. They're trying to torment me. They can try to be wrestling against the doctors. I don't want this. I don't want this. But if God's got this here, I need to stay on the operating table until God's done. And not just jump off the operating table when we're done. Only trouble is we don't know when God's done. That's right. But let patience have a perfect work that we may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. Stay there until God's done working on your heart. It's easier. It's a greater thing to pray for pain's conversion to grace than to pray for its removal. We all want to pray. I pray many times, God, just get me out of this trial. But I need to pray more. God, help me to get something out of this trial. That's what we're meant to be praying for. And then Elohu goes back to Job's great desire for a mediator and he says, "God has provided a mediator." Turn. We're in Job 33 and he's been talking about this person who's being chasened in verse 22. This person is suffering. His soul was drawing near to the grave. And verse 23 says, "If there be a messenger with him," and that word messenger is that means angel of the Lord. If there were a messenger with this person who is suffering so badly, someone who can interpret his situation to him and know the truth about the situation because Satan is putting all kinds of interpretation in your mind about yourself, about God who is supposed to be now your tormentor instead of your provider and helper. If there's someone who could an angel of the Lord can be a messenger from God, be there with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand. This is a really special case to show unto man his uprightness that'll come and stand between the man and him who's the judge and say, "Deliver him from going down to the pit. I have found a ransom." This is the mediator that Job was calling out for this messenger. When God when the Bible talks about an angel of the Lord, this is when Jehovah himself like in the book of Judges, he'll come down and someone's offering a sacrifice and they look back and it's this guy. It's this man says, "Who are you?" And and there's this confusion. Is this a prophet? Who is this? And then all of a sudden, this angel of the Lord steps up into the altar and goes up in the flame and says, "This is this has been God himself. I've looked upon God." This angel of the Lord is God coming down taking skin on himself becoming tangible in our trials. That's what Job have been crying out for. And now he says there's another purpose in suffering because we can have God speaks in our suffering through a mediator who can come and speak on our behalf. And this is what God this is what brother Brandis says Job is crying out for. Job saying, "Oh, if I only knew where he was." But God was dealing with a saint in this case. And there this saint there was there scraping his boils. Some of his church friends had come to him sat with their backs turned to him. Not much consolation. But Job wanted to know, "Oh, if I only knew where his house was. But when a man is hungry and thirsting for God, God will draw nigh to the man always." Then God sent this young man by the name of Elahu down, perfect tribe of Christ. He didn't accuse Job of being a secret sitter. tried to tell them of someone who would come and stand in the breach in the last days. Put his hands upon a sinful man and upon a holy God and bridge the way just like Job was talking about this days. That's what I need in my situation. And that is what Eloh is saying, Job, what you have been crying out for, God has already provided. The Apostle Paul uses very similar language. There's one God, one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, who gave himself a ransom for all to be testified in due time. What what your heart is crying out for, that God has already provided for you. So this messenger, this is the interpreter, the deliverance. I have found the ransom. He's not just saying, I found a ransom. I am the ransom. I will be the ransom for him. And if you follow along in uh verse 25, what happens after this? His flesh will be fresher than a child. He'll return to the days of his youth. It's like after this ransom comes, this deliverance. There's a new birth that happens. He's restored. He shall pray unto God. He will be favorable unto him. He shall see his face with joy. He will render unto every man his righteousness. there's a new relationship with God all because this ransom has been paid. And then verse uh 27, you're going to see God looks upon men. If any man say, "I've sinned and perverted which was right and it profited me not," he'll deliver his soul from going to the pit, and his life shall see the light. There is now forgiveness through grace. Eloh is bringing all of this out in the midst of Job's trial, in the midst of his suffering. God has provided that which Job's heart was crying out for. And the last part of Eloh's message, remember, he's trying to set the stage. He's this forerunner. He says, "Stand still. Let God be God because God's works are marvelous." So, we'll take a look at Job 36. It says he's going to be speaking about uh a storm and the water cycle. And Job 36 and verse 26. Behold, God is great, and we know him not. Neither can the number of his years be searched out. He maketh small the drops of water. They pour down rain according to the vapor thereof. He's talking about the water cycle. And God has organized all of this. He says, "Can any man understand it?" No, but God has ordered it all. And then he goes in chapter 37, "At this also my heart trembles. It's moved out of his place. The it started raining at the thunderheads, the storm. Hear attentively the noise of his voice, the sound that goes out of his mouth. God thunders marvelously. great things doeth he which we cannot comprehend. It's just like being able to sit outside and watch this this this great summer storm from your deck. And it can be it's it's an awesome experience and it can be a little bit scary, but the power of it. It's almost like you're seeing God out there doing things. Great things doeth thee which we can't comprehend. God causes the storm to come. whether for correction, for his land, for mercy. Why do we Why are the storms coming? Maybe a storm's coming to correct something in the area. Maybe God's just sending rain and lightning to get nitrogen fixation going there for carrying taking care of his land. Or maybe God's just showing mercy. Why are storms coming? There's same reasons for the physical storms and then the spiritual storms in our lives. Maybe there is a role of correction. Maybe God's just taking care of things in our life. Maybe there's mercy. The same reasons are there for both. But Job, stand still. Consider the wondrous works of God. Do you know when God disposed them? When you know when he causes the light of his cloud to shine, the lightning flashes. Do you know why? Do you know the balancings of the clouds? Do you know the works of him which is perfect in knowledge? Do you know? And this whole time Ele has been speaking about the storms and the different seasons the storms come in. And as he's speaking, I can just imagine the everybody is silently listening to him and the wind just might pick up a little bit about them. There might be a little bit of a rumble in the distance because Elu is now gotten everybody's attention off of Job. Everybody's attention is on the power and majesty of God. And then Elohu just rests his case. He's silent. And then the Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind. Elohu has set the stage and you will never hear from Eloh again. His name is not mentioned a single time again in the book. He set the stage and he's done. All attention now is on God. And it's really interesting this name for God, the Lord. It is different than any other the on all the other names of God in the book of Job to this point. Throughout the entire book, it's always the Almighty. The Almighty. The Almighty. That's how Job and his friends look at God. The Almighty. God comes down now as Jehovah. The God who reveals himself. And what this tells us, this tells us that it is a it's not just Job, it's not just Job needing an explanation from God. Job needs a revelation of God himself. God never comes down once in the four chapters that God speaks here. He never gives Job a reason. What God does, he asks a bunch of questions. And the questions kind of fall into different categories. Job, where were you when this? Do you know how this works? Do you know how this works? Do you know how this works? Do you know how this works? And the answer to all of those questions was no, but God does. No, but God does. And what these what what what God is hammering away at here is not is that you don't need a reason. You need a person. I am the satisfaction for you. You don't need any reasons for what I've gone through. You just need a revelation of me. That's what God says again and again and again through here. He starts out by going taking Job throughout the cosmos and showing all the the great things. And Job, can you understand any of these things work? Do you? But God says, "I created it." And not only did I create it, I run it so that it still is working. And he starts, God says at the very beginning in the New Living and in the living Bible says, "Job, why are you using your ignorance to deny my providence?" God shows Job everything he's done. And Job can answer none of his questions. Why are we using our ignorance to make all these proclamations about how God works? We know nothing. And Job is brought to the point where he says, "God, I repent. I shouldn't have been speaking like I was. I repent in dust and ashes." We have a hard enough time keeping our machinery running, let alone the whole universe. God has ordered everything, keeps it running. And uh to Job's big question, how long, God? How long? If you look in Job 39, God speaks to this a little bit. He says, "Do you know the time when the wild goats of the rock bring forth Job? Can you mark when the hines are supposed to calave? Can you number the months that they fulfill? Do you know the time when they bring forth? Do you know the gestational periods for all the different animals around the around the world? All of them I've created." And the answer is, "No, you don't. No, you don't." And God is saying, Job, your inability to answer the times of things do not prevent any of the things from happening and running like they should. So, Job, your inability to know the times about your very own trial, that hinders none of the good from coming on that'll happen later. How long, it doesn't matter. You don't know the answer to the time question like the answer to all of God's questions he's asking. Do you know this? Do you? Do you know this? No, I do. God is the answer to every one of the questions. And Job is brought to a point where I know you can do everything. No thought could be withholden from thee. I have uttered things I understood not. Things too wonderful for me which I knew not. I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now mine eye seeth thee. Job thought he knew a lot about God. He had lots of beliefs about God, but it really mo a lot of most of our beliefs only really become ours perhaps by revelation when we purchase it by suffering. When we go through a trial and all of a sudden ah now I really it's quickened to us and Job he heard a lot but when his eyes saw God he experienced God for himself he knew something like he'd never known it before. Uh Job 42 and:e7. Now Job said, "Now we're going to hear God say something that is a little bit ironic." And it was so that after the Lord had spoken these words unto Job, the Lord said to Alfaz, the Temonite, "My wrath is kindled against thee and against thy two friends, for you have not spoken of me the thing that is right as my servant Job hath." And in uh verse verse eight, he's telling his friends to take seven bulocks, seven rams, go to my servant Job, offer up for yourselves a burnt offering, and my servant Job shall pray for you. For him will I accept, lest I deal with you after your folly, and that you have not spoken to me the thing which is right, like my servant Job. And four times in those two verses, God calls Job my servant Job. And the question here is how did Job serve God? And if you were to ask the question of Job, he could look back probably in the years before his trial and think, I know how I served God then. I delivered those who were being unjustly accused. I took care of the widows. I took care of the orphans. I I was eyes to the blind. I was feet to the lame, father to the poor, the help to the helpless. I broke the jaws of the wicked. Before my trial started, I was serving you. But now God is speaking after the trial, after Job's months on the ash sheet, being sick, being being unable to do any of those things that Job had called serving God. God calls him my servant Job. How did Job serve God? What had Job done well on the a sheep? And I'm sure in Job's own eyes, he probably felt useless, felt worthless. His life probably lost meaning because he couldn't do any of the things he'd used to do before. I can remember Sister Paul, a year or two ago, you sang a special after a period of time where you weren't able to sing. your voice been it was gone for whatever reason. How does a singer serve God without a voice? How is Job able to serve God when it seems like he's in checkmate and can't do anything for God? To humanize Job had been doing nothing. But I'd say in the spiritual realm, Job had been a warrior on God's behalf, even though he had never left his sick bed. Because Job's life was a testimony of the goodness of God even in the midst of suffering. Job served God by giving an answer to the devil's question. I will worship him though he slay me yet I will trust him in all things God is good. Job's life was an answer to the devil's question. And I think we should be really careful. We can never underestimate the power of a humble Christian life. And all those months of suffering, Job never preached a sermon. Job never was laying hands, praying for people, getting him healed. He never took a missionary trip. He didn't do anything for the human eye. He didn't He couldn't He was housebound. He was depressed. He couldn't do a single thing. He felt like but a humble Christian life. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Well, you just This is in the questions answers on on the seals. Be a real humble Christian. Try to live for God. Live honest with your fellow man. Love those who don't love you. Don't try to make it a mysterious something and mess the real program of God up. Don't overspiritualize what it means to be a Christian. Because Job could do nothing except just sit there and hear his friends accuse him and praise God. That is all Job could. He didn't move anywhere. And he's called my servant Job. He would have thought this is the most unproductive time of my life. But God says, "No, he's my servant Job. He's doing something for me." Even though he thinks he's doing nothing, he is answering the devil's question. And that was the purpose for this in the trial, it was to silence Satan. And Job gave the answer. We have Satan's answer. Though he slay me, I will trust him. I don't know where God is, but I will keep on holding on being certain of God, praising him nonetheless. He gave this answer. He was the proof of God's victory. He was showing the proof that God was a good God. Even though Job experienced none of the blessings of God, his worship was the same. Nonetheless, he silenced the devil and uh the devil doesn't say a single thing in chapter 42. The devil always wants to have the last word, but he didn't. The devil sits there speechless. Job had accomplished something. And in the very end of the book, Job Job uh Job God tells Job's friends, go to Job, have him pray for you. I think that's important because as soon as Job has met the mediator, he has to become a mediator for his friends. God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself and then now we are in Christstead as ambassadors for Christ reconciling the world to God. That is what Job is called to do here at the end of the book. He's a God of restoration. So in verse 11, sorry verse verse 12. So the Lord blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning. For he had 14,000 sheep instead of 7,000 at the beginning. He had 6,000 camels, a thousand yoke of ox, and a thousand chiaes. Double what he had at the beginning. And you know what? I could think of Job sitting there looking at uh all of his uh his blessings. Man, this trial was the best thing that ever happened for me because look at my balance sheet. It's so much greater than it was before. That's not what he's thinking. That's what his friends were expecting. They were saying, "Job, just uh just uh just uh repent of something and serve God again and he'll all all the good stuff will flow." But that wasn't the purpose. Job sitting back there. It's it's he's he's in it's it's an amazing blessing, but his the blessing was not the regaining of the wealth or the regaining of the health or the rebuilding of his family or a circle of friends. It was he had a closer walk with God than ever before. He had the clear revelation of God than he ever had before. God restored all of that. And in the meantime, Job is responsible for bankrupting Satan's bank. Because how many sheep did Satan steal? Satan stole 7,000 sheep. And God doesn't make Satan give back 7,000 sheep. Satan has to go find another 7,000 sheep and give back 14. He stole 500 yolk of oxen. 1,000 oxen. Satan has to give back a,000 yolk. He has to give back double. God is a God of restoration. Everything that was stolen from him is restored back double. That's right. And he God is fulfilling his own word here in the book of Exodus. If a man steal an ox or a sheep, if the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, the thief is caught red-handed, he has to restore double. And God fulfills his own word here in the life of Job. God is a God of restoration. And Satan not only silence Job not only silences Satan, he also helps to bankrupt Satan's bank. And I'd like to look at the book of Job in just the last few minutes. put ourselves here because just like Job from the very beginning, God has certain thoughts about the bride of Christ. Perfect, upright, fears God, assues evil, no mark on their testimony. That's what that's what the testimony is at the very beginning. But then throughout life accusations come, discussions come and it could be misinterpreting God, misinterpreting uh the promises of God. And we can go through times of chaos and confusion. But like Job, we just keep on going, keep on going worshiping God. No matter how we feel, no matter what the problems are, we just continue worshiping God. And in the end, God comes on the scene and and vindicates who was right. But really, the point is not that's the bride of Christ. The point is God is a God worthy of worship. That is the that is the point. But at the end, Satan stole so much from Job. He can take so much from our own lives. But God is a God of restoration to us just as he was to Job. and I will restore to you. God restored everything to Job. God will restore to us as well. What has the devil stolen from us? Has he stolen peace? Has he stolen joy? Has he stolen love? Has he stolen revelation? Think about John the Baptist who had so certainly proclaimed, "This is the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world." and chapters later says, "Man, are you the one or should we look for another?" Do we go through those kinds of times? We certainly do. Job did. And yet God is a God of restoration. And whatever Satan steals, double is restored. And not just what has been taken, but he says the years that the palmer eaten, the all these different things have eaten, the years that have been stolen, they'll be restored back as well. He says, "My people will never be ashamed, never be disappointed. They will know that I am there among them. I will restore to you." Job went through the ringer and he was never told why. The only answer that he has to go back to is the best answer is God. God. Because we don't need an explanation. We just need a revelation of God. If all those times he's wondering why, why, why? But he says, "If I could only know where God was, if he could be there with me, all what thou would help me with." And that's what we'll rest with as well. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your goodness to us, Lord. We thank you for your grace. Father, Lord, I thank you for this testimony of Job, Lord. Lord, the answer to the devil's question, Lord. Lord, the that simple Christian life that he he lived. He wasn't even he didn't even feel like he was being a spiritual person. He probably felt really upset a lot of the times. He felt his feelings were all over the place. Yet, there were still times every now and then where where the sun seemed to shine and it uh and it just uh he could speak with certainty again. Lord, Father, wherever we are in our trials and our journeys with you, Lord, I pray, oh God, that you would give encouragement, Lord, give grace and strength, Lord. And Father, if in in our in our trials and sufferings, Lord, if there's things that the devil has stolen from us, your word says you are the restorer. Lord, I just pray if you've stolen years of joy and years of love, years of peace. Oh God, I pray, oh father, that you would come on the scene and restore these back. Oh God, I pray. Lord, we just ask your blessing over each life, over each family. Oh Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Sing. I'd rather have Jesus. Perhaps we can stand as we sing. I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I raises untold. I'd rather have Jesus than houses or land. I'd rather rather be led by his nails [Music] than to be the king of a vast and beheld his sins as well. [Applause] I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords to today. Second verse. Oh, I rather have Jesus than men's applause. I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. I'd rather be true to his holy [Music] oh than to be a king of a vast and beheld in sins I'd rather have Jesus than anything [Music] this world afford. Last one. Sing that last few. Oh, he's fairer than the leaves of rare bloom. Sweeter than honey from out the cold is all that my hunger spirit needs. I'd rather have Jesus and let him leave than to be the king of no [Music] and beheld in sin [Music] swear. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords [Music] today. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life, oh, all my life, you have been faithful. Thank you, Lord. All my life you have been so, so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God in every trial. Lord, I love you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Sing. I love your voice. Oh, I love your voice. And you have led me through the fire. In darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend. Oh, and I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. Thank you, Lord. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. [Music] every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Hallelujah. Your goodness, Lord. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrendered now. I give you everything. Oh, your goodness is running after. Last time your good lord, your goodness is running after, running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrender now. I give you everything. Oh, your goodness is running after, running after me. All my life, all my life, you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh I will sing. Oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh yes. Oh I will sing of the goodness of God. God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Thank you, God. Amen. Let this sermon Amen. Let it go with us and everything that we go through. Amen. I was just thinking about the Evans family. um just happened to wake up on Monday morning with all his tools and everything and thinking that in all of our lives we get a taste of that job and probably never what he would go through but um yet we can stay by his grace, God's grace. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. It's all by his grace. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. So, let's uh let's go rejoicing this morning knowing that he's he holds it all together. Amen. and he holds it all together. Let's sing that song as we go. And I believe that I shall see the goodness of the Lord. Sing it beh. And I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. Oh, I'm confident. As seasons change, your faithfulness [Music] remains. Oh, I believe and I believe that I will see. Oh, the goodness of the Lord. Oh, I'm confident. As seasons change, your faithfulness remains. Sing it now. Oh, you come at the right time when I least expected. Oh, never behind. So why would I be surprised? Hallelujah. When you deliver. Oh every time on mountain tops Lord you stay the same in valleys alone Lord you never change and I believe that I will see hallelujah the Goodness serve the Lord. I'm confident as seasons change. Your faithfulness remains. You go, Lord. Oh yes. You go. You go before me to prepare a blessing. You make a way. It's more than I could imagine. More than I can fathom. Oh, comprehend on mountain top on mountain top. Lord, you stay the same in valleyies. Lord God, you never change. And I and I believe that I will see. Hallelujah. the goodness of the Lord. Oh, I'm confident as seasons change. Your faithfulness remain. Cuz you are God of my presence. Yes, Lord. God of my future and you write my story. You hold it all together. God of my presence. God of my future. You write. You write my story. You hold it all. You hold it all. God of God of my present, God of my future. You write my story. Yes, you and you are the alpha. Hallelujah. You're my omega. You're in the middle. Oh, you hold you. hold it all. You are the alpha. Hallelujah. And you're omega. You're in the middle. You hold it all. You hold it all. You are the alpha and my mega. You're in the middle. Oh, you hold it all together. And I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. [Music] I'm comforted as seasons change. Your faithfulness remains. Your faithfulness [Music] remains. Thank you Lord. Your faithfulness remains. Yes Lord Jesus. Thank you God. Amen. Let's sing that song. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands in one accord. Singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So let's lift up holy hands in one accord singing blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. For he has done For great things. Hallelujah. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy [Music] name. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his whole bless his holy [Music] holy name. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me is all [Music] he I may [Music] car. [Music] Oh is more [Music] immortal. [Music] Oh, [Music] he made this more I thank you Lord. I thank you. Oh, I thank you. Great, mighty creator of the world. I thank you. Oh, I thank you my king. [Music] Oh, [Music] oh yeah. I [Music] is first verse. Oh, when I think upon your goodness. Hallelujah. Oh, and your faithfulness each day. I'm convinced it's not because I am worthy to receive the kind of love that you give, but I'm grateful for your mercy. Hallelujah. Oh, and I'm grateful for your grace. And because of how you poured out your sound, I have come to sing this song out in praise. [Music] You are you may Oh you may [Music] second verse. Who am I to sing your praises? Hallelujah. Oh who am I to worship you? Thank you Lord. It's your blood that makes the difference in me. and made a way to enter into your throne. I could not come near your presence. Oh, I could never sing your song. But the sacrifice on Calvar's tree, oh, is the reason I can cry out today. I hallelujah. [Music] Oh, there's a more I thank you. Oh, I thank you. Oh, I thank you. Great and mighty creator of the world. Oh, I thank you. I thank you, my king. I thank you. Oh, I thank you. Oh, I thank you. Oh, great and mighty creator of the world. I thank you. Oh, I thank you. You're my king. [Music] Oh, oh you may Oh God. Oh you car [Applause] is more. Is it more? [Music] desert more. [Music] Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. You give all. You give and take away. You give and take away. My heart will choose to say. Oh, blessed be. You give, you give and take away. You give and take away. My heart will choose to say, Lord, blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Oh, blessed be your name in the land that is plentiful. where your streams are abundant flow. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name when I'm found in the desert clicks. Though I walk through the wildness. Oh, blessed be made. Oh, every blessing you pour out, out, turn back to praise. Oh, when the darkest grows, is it Lord? Still I will say, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Oh, blessed be your name. When the sun shining down on me when the world's all as it should be. Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be your name. on the road marked with suffering. Though there's pain in the offering, oh blessed be your name. Oh, every blessing you pour out, I'll turn back to praise. Hallelujah. When the darkness closes in, Lord, still I will say, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious day. You give, you give and take away. You give and take away. Oh my heart will choose to say. Oh, blessed be. You give and take. You give and take away. You give and take away. My heart will choose to say, Lord, blessed be your name and blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the new glorious name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name.
