################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - 2025.04.30 - Bro. Steven Strooh - Genesis Creation And Formation (Part 1) - Steven Strooh.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-30
Title:   2025.04.30 - Bro. Steven Strooh - Genesis: Creation And Formation (Part 1)
Speaker: Steven Strooh
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbtZ7ZpgKAw
========================================

[Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] in Jesus. He sees each cheer that falls and he hears me when I call. Can we all stand and sing that tonight? I have a I have a maker. Yes, Lord. And he formed my [Music] heart before even time began. Yes, Lord. My life was in his hands. If you know he knows my [Music] name. He knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I come. I have a father. Oh, I have a father. Oh, he calls me his [Music] own. He'll never leave me. Yes, Lord. No matter where I go yes, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. Last time before we pray, he knows. Oh, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that I call and he hears me when I call. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're just so thankful for tonight, this opportunity to come worship you again, God, in spirit and in truth. Lord, we just submit our hearts, our minds, everything to you at the altar, Lord, tonight, God, asking you for a brand new touch from your throne, God. Lord, let your word, Lord Jesus, speak to the individual tonight, Lord Jesus. Lord, nothing less, Lord Jesus. God, more than anything, God, give us revelation tonight from your word, God. Lord, that we could see you clearly more clearly, Lord Jesus. There's so many hidden things, Lord, that we have yet to see, Lord Jesus. But God, we Lord, you said in your word, if we seek, we shall find, Lord. If we knock, we shall we shall open, Lord God. So we just trust that promise tonight, Lord. If anyone has a need on their heart, Lord, Lord, let the word come forth, God, and give them answers to the questions they have, Lord God. Let's just the the ministers, the pastors, Lord, and the pastors getaway, God, as you would give them rest, God, thank you for it. Um, we just give you tonight's service, Lord. Just we give up all of ourselves right now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to be here tonight. Amen. Let's sing God is good tonight. Is he good to you? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Why don't we greet each other in the name of the Lord tonight? Amen. Let's sing it. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Well, God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, Lord. God is good all the time. First verse. If you're walking through the valley and there's shadows all around, do not fear. Do not fear. Our Lord will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Yes, he has promised, hallelujah, to never leave you or nor forsake you. And his word is good. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good, all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh yes, we were sinners so unworthy yet for us he chose. Aren't you thankful tonight? Oh, he filled us with his holy spirit so we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love is everlasting. And his mercies, oh, they will never end. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, he is. God is good all the time. One more time. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Testifies good tonight all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh yes, my God is good. Oh my God is good. Oh my God is good. He's so good. God is good. Oh, God is good all the [Applause] time. Hallelujah. Yes, you are, Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. Hallelujah. He is surely good to us. Thank you, Lord. I give my mind completely to you, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Oh, make it all brand new and change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to think like you. Is that your desire tonight? Oh, I give my mind. Oh, come freely to you, Lord. Just fill me with your thoughts and make it all brand new and change my life. [Music] Oh, let me live in all that's true. I just want to think like you. Take me, Lord. Oh, take me and hold me, Lord. Teach me to be still. will Lord [Music] lead me and guide me. Show me your perfect will. I give my mind. Yes, Lord. Oh, completely to you, Lord. Just fill me with your thoughts, Lord, and make it all brand new and change my life. Let me live in all that's true. I just want to think like last time. Take me, Lord. Oh, take me and hold me. Yes, Lord. Teach me to be still. Oh, lead me and guide me. Show me your perfect will. I give my mind all completely to you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Fill me with your thoughts. Oh, make it all brand new and change my life. Oh, let me live in all that's [Music] true. I just want to think like you. Praise the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. Hallelujah. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. Take it up a half step. Oh, deliverance in the presence. Deliverance in the presence. Deliverance in the presence of the Lord. There's deliverance in the presence. Oh, the deliverance in the presence. Deliverance in the presence of the Lord. Take it up again. Joy. Oh yes. Let's all stand. There's joy in the presence. Oh, joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. There's joy in the bread. Real joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. We go take it up. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Do you believe it? There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. I can testify there's freedom in the presence. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. And I'm free. Oh, and I'm free. Hallelujah. In his [Music] presence and I am healed. Oh, in his presence. Oh, I'm [Laughter] forgi and I'm not the Hallelujah. Oh, I'm changed forever. In his presence, I'm free and I am free. Oh, in his presence. Oh, and I am here. [Music] In his presence I'm forgiven and I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. There's nothing Oh, there's nothing like the presence. [Music] Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Amen. There truly is once you've tasted it one time. Amen. The real Amen. genuine presence of God. Amen. There's no turning back. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just let's just uh have the prayer request come tonight and uh we'll just sing one more song. Amen. Sing um I've went through my list and then anyone any requests tonight? Pipe up. I don't usually do this, but All right. So I I feel like going on. Yes, Lord. Oh, I feel like going on. Your trials come on every hand. I feel like going on. Oh yes. Oh, I feel like going on. Yes, Lord. Oh yes. I feel like going on. Though trials come on every hand. I feel like going on last time. I feel like going on. I feel like going on. Yes, Lord. Oh, I feel like going on. Your trials come on every hand. I feel like going on. Amen. Move the immovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God, we believe for it. From the impossible, we'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. Move the immovable. Break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe forever. They say, Oh, they say this mountain can't be moved. Believe it now. Oh, they say these chains will never break. Oh, but they don't know you like we do. There is power. There is power in your name. We've heard, oh, we've heard that there is no way through. We've heard, we've heard the tide will never change. Oh, they haven't seen what you can do. For there is power in your name. So much power. So much power in your name. Oh, move the immovable. Break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. From the impossible, we'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. I wanted to get to this part before brother Steven comes. You are the way when there seems to be no way. We trust in you, God. You have the final say. You are the way when there seems to be no way. Hallelujah. Oh, we trust in you, God. You have a final. Sing that again. Oh, you are you are the way when there seems to be no way. Oh, we trust in you, God. You have the final say. You are the way. You are the way. When there seems to be no way. We trust in you, God. You have the final say. [Music] Oh, move the immovable, break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. You are the way when there's no way, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing that song. God will make a way. When there seems to be no way, he works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way. Oh, and he will be my God, holding closely to his side. With love and strength for each new day, he will make a way. He will make a way. [Music] Amen. Amen. You're not going to let me sing. All right. Well, God bless you everyone and uh you may uh be excused musicians. We'll let you off for a few minutes and um we'll make sure that we're up and running uh over here. And uh thank you for for standing for just a few seconds. Um if you have want to take your Bibles, we're going to um read uh from Genesis uh chapter 1 and um um um we'll see how far we get. Uh just looking at the words to that song um about um believing for it. Well, I must say I I failed. I'm sorry, but I have to confess because I was going to just use my Bible tonight and surprise everybody instead of the PowerPoint. And at the last minute, my faith dropped. And I decided that I would uh go ahead and um uh just set up a couple of slides and uh um maybe we're going to be back uh on track, but um so yes, got it. That's working. Thank you, brother. He's got such magic hands. Wow. All right. Um, I tell you what, since it's a long reading, let's bow our heads and uh say a word of prayer. Father, we once again just come before your throne. Lord, we thank you that your scepter's indeed reached out to us. Uh that Lord, we have the privilege of of touching your scepter. and Lord receiving and your grace and father I just pray that uh each one this evening made the effort to come out Lord would you reward them uh with your presence this evening as well after the song service we just feel your presence but may you continue with us Lord and may you continue to minister to each and every heart uh here Lord in the sanctuary those online those that might hear this Lord we just pray that superal Naturally, Lord, you would uh you would go into each and every home, each and every heart. And Lord, just let your word find a resting place tonight in our hearts. We ask it all in Jesus' name. Amen. All right. Um Genesis chapter 1. So, are we up? Not yet. Um let's just read um while we're um while we're uh waiting for the crew. And I'll tell you what we'll do. I think we'll just read the first three verses and then you can have your seat. So in the beginning, God, how many of you can quote this by the way from memory? Thank you, brother. How can anybody want to have a have a go at that? Um I love to be able to quote scripture. Um just you know I just tell you very briefly I met somebody um years and years ago who's a radio preacher from California and he came to minister in South Africa and uh he did three services for us. He never once opened his Bible and there was no powerpoints in those days and he was able to quote the most random scriptures um just off the top of his head and then he would go and then that would be Philippians 2:10 you know or something and I was and I asked him afterwards I said how did you do that and he said no he believes it's God's gift that he was able to read it and then um with very little study he was able to remember it and since he had read the Bible many times he was able to quote it, you know, just word for word. And I remember we had our Bibles and we were following along and he was he was right on the uh uh on the word uh word for word. It's just phenomenal. So, all right, back to uh Genesis chapter 1 verse one. I can quote the first few verses, but um I'm not going to attempt that tonight. So Genesis 1 vers1 in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth and the earth was without form and void and darkness was upon the face of the deep and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters and God said let there be light and there was light. May the Lord just add his blessing to the reading of the word. You may have your seats. Okay. Oh, is this not working from here? Oh dear. Well, I was. Yeah. Oh, it seemed to be up. Um, let's just Is that Did it change? Yeah. No, we we're good. Thanks, brother. I No, I just did that. Oh, no, I didn't. All right. Well, we'll make work. No problem. Okay. So, what I want to do is uh this evening um if you'll have some patience with me, [Laughter] It's just apple juice, brother. Help yourself. Thank you, brother. I'll take it off there. Well, this is getting off to a really good start. So, whoever's editing the videos will know what to do. Oh goodness. Okay. So, where were we? And this microphone keeps cutting out, Sister Genie. I don't know if there's anything we can do. I don't mind. Well, but it it must be absolutely first of all, I've got all the scriptures marked, so we're good. Yeah, handheld's good. Yeah, no problem. As long as you hold it. All [Music] right. Having an adventurous evening this evening. Amen. But I like who whoever said it must be a good service because that's uh that's exactly right. I'm going to set my timer for whatever that's worth. Probably nothing. give it a try. All right, folks. So, what we're what I'm trying to do, and brother Paul has allowed me to have a second service if if we need it um in a couple of weeks. So, we're going to get started on the subject. If we could back up the slide one more, let me do it. I can I can run it from here. All right. So, what we're looking at is um Genesis chapter 1. And the reason, one of the reasons I'm doing it is that we did hear brother Steve Brass just casually mention, you know, a little bit about Genesis 1 and then went into um two and three and and then I think brother Paul, you know, made a mention of the fact that uh you know, Genesis 1 shows the creative power of God and and of course that power is now um uh our inheritance because we're made in the image of God. And so there's um a couple so many different thoughts about that and I just wanted to share this one quickly. Um you know uh brother Gideon's very kindly sings a song I like. I've got the power the the love of God in me. I've got his love his nature and his ability. But that's very important to to that we think about that that that is residing within us. Now there's something else that resides in the creative power. Sure we understand that. But there is something else and that's uh the idea that we can be others centered. So we know that God cares for us. That means he is he is other people centered. God is thinking of us. He sent his only begotten son. Right? So guess what resides within us is the ability to be others centered. And by the way, uh that's a that's a very important trait in an entrepreneur. So the reason somebody takes the risk and goes to all the expense of starting a business and all of those things is because they see a need and they want to feel that they've got a solution for that need. And so because they're others centered, they can uh make that step into into a business. So it's not just the creative power but that's of course you know the thing that we're talking about this morning evening. What I want to do is I want to look at some of the things that perhaps haven't been quite clear to us over the years. Um and the reason that I've actually gone this direction again is I was helping uh brother rep and the teachers at the school um to get a little bit of a better handle on the on the creation uh story if you if you like uh because the message has a quite a different um take on it than what you'll get for example um at AIG u answers in Genesis or the the Ark experience um because primarily because of the age of the earth. But there's another thing that um is also quite uh problematic, let's say, and that is uh this idea of uh the gap between Genesis 1 and 1 and Genesis 1:2, which we just read. Now, you may not have seen the gap, but there's a gap, right? So, Genesis 1:1, in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth, and the earth was without form and void. And um a way of understanding that is that it was chaotic. Now would God really is that the way he does things? He he he starts off with chaos and then he figures it out as he goes along like oh I think I can figure this out if I adjust this and I adjust this. Maybe I'll get it to work eventually. It doesn't sound like God right. So the fact that it's chaos uh tells you that there must have been something that happened in between creating the heaven and the earth and the next verse and then there was chaos. Now you might say to yourself, well does it really matter? And what I may get to tonight is to show you how the pattern of Genesis 1, the first few verses up to verse, well, let's say the end of the third day, and how that relates to us. And brother Brandham says there's a direct correlation between the events of those first few days and what happens in our life. Now, there's a few things that need clarity here. One is that the word create is only used three times in Genesis chapter 1. It's used for the first uh creation in the beginning and then it's used again the next time for animals and then the third time for man. So all the other things that are happening in Genesis chapter 1 are not creative works. And if you think about it, there's one that comes to mind immediately, right? The seeds in in on day three that that spring into life, uh those uh those seeds weren't created. They just started to grow. And we'll look at all of that this evening. Let's see if I can make this work. Oh. All right. I think this is the button. All right. So, we read um the first few verses. I'm going to have to do both. That's going to be fun. All right. So, let's carry on then from verse four. So, verse three, God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. You know what I think I'm going to do? I think I'm going to um do this like we were doing it in in the scripture instead of reading all these slides and then going back. Uh I think I'm going to do that in interest of time. So, you'll notice in verse two it says, "And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters." There's some other things that we could talk about there. But here's the important thing. Nothing happened until God said, "So the spirit moved on the face of the waters." And you would say, "Oh, so the spirit must have must have done something." I mean, you know, we think of the spirit in our lives. I mean, the Holy Spirit moves in a service and and and and suddenly the drummers are going and hitting themselves outside the head with the drumsticks, you No, I mean they're getting all carried away in the service because the spirit is moving. So, we're used to thinking of an action associated with the spirit of God. Nothing wrong with that. But in this case, the spirit moves on the face of the waters and does nothing until God said until the spoken word goes out and then something happens. And I've got something else to add to that. So God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. So what was the interpretation of let there be light? What did that mean? Who interpreted that? God interpreted it by bringing it to pass. So when God speaks, he has the obligation to make it happen. Otherwise, he's speaking in vain. You understand? I mean, why would God say anything if he didn't intend it to happen? A virgin shall conceive. it it wouldn't make any sense for God to be, you know, making statements that have no intention of ever being manifested. And that's exactly how we believe um the the the whole concept of the godhead with the logos coming out and then uh Jesus being uh born uh on earth and the word becomes flesh and dwells among us. And so that's the manifestation of the spoken word. And here's the wonderful thing. So, we're manifestations of the spoken word. If Jesus was the word for his day, guess who the word for our day is? It has to be us because we were spoken in the scriptures. And therefore, we have to uh be willing, this is difficult to step into that revelation of the word that we must take it and appropriate it for ourselves and say, "God said it. I believe it that settles and those aren't just words. They can become just a slogan. Heaven forbid, but it means that we can actually step into that vision that God had in the in the back of his mind from the foundation of the world. Now, why am I talking about that in Genesis chapter 1? Because that's actually what it's all about. This is a story about creation, but there's another creation that God's much more interested in, and that's you and I. Now, I want you to think about this when we're going through this. This is talking about the earth, the big old planet that we live on. But guess what? Dust to dust, ashes to ashes, we're lumps of earth. We're just a little smaller, but we're no less significant in the mind of God. In fact, I would put it to you, we are more significant than this big old planet because guess what? He's going to rip it all apart. Put it back together again. All right? After sin has been annihilated. So, here's the thing. When we read this passage, we have to read it in the context of how God works with us. So, I'm going to jump ahead here again. In fact, I could probably close the computer because so off my slides. But here's the thing. The spirit of God moves on the waters. And what is the remember brother Paul mentioned this? What is the condition of the earth at that stage? Chaos. Now, I don't know what kind of life you had, but I think of the chaos I was raised in. You remember I talked about that last time. I mean just absolutely unbelievable until I got adopted by my new family. And then when brother Steve was talking on Sunday actually reminded me of something and I mentioned it to him. So my first father kind of gave up on us and sent me and my two brothers to an orphanage and uh then uh by God's grace I got adopted into a family and they heard the message and and that's that's how I'm here today. Uh but then my dad passed away. my adopted dad in when he was 51 years old. And I think about where I'm 15 years past that and he passed away when I was uh probably late teens, early early 20 maybe 20, 21. And so I was thinking about what brother Steve was saying about that relationship with with the f with a father and that what he could have taught me. And I've often thought to myself if I could just pick up the phone and call my dad was a very wise guy and I not in the sense of Italians brother um but um he had tremendous wisdom and uh I would have so much appreciated his advice in in the years you know that I was I was growing up and raising a family and so forth and so I missed out on all that but um that's really interesting uh to hear brother Steve talk about that because it's it's true when my father my my my adopted father when he passed away something switched in me because I so much looked up to him and I was having a secondary experience with God via my father because I so admired him and he was such a good believer and and and so it was like I never had to step up. And then after he passed away, it was within the the next year that the Lord really got hold of my life. And and I've and it's it's it's been it's been amazing since then what God has been able to do uh in my life. And I'm not sure that would have happened if my dad had lived for another 20 or 30 or 40 or 50 years. You see what I'm saying? So this is very interesting. So how does God like in my case how does he become our father? It's because the spirit of God is going to move over that chaos that is our lives. And if you don't have a chaotic life then this service is not for you because it's it's predicated on chaos because whatever happened in verse one is gone. Now if you think about that in terms of us, verse one is our theophony. It's our existence in the mind of God. It's what God was doing in our in in our um uh preexistence. You remember Job, the morning star sang together, and the sons of God shouted for joy. Whenever that was taking place, all right, that's verse one. But now we're in verse two. So now this is coming right back to our home address. Now we can say all right I'm here. Chaos, darkness, emptiness. This is all about me. I'm I'm sure some of you think it's about you, but it's really it's about me. All right. And darkness is on the face of the deep. But then the spirit of God moves on the face of the waters. So how does God get our attention? How does he interact with us? How does he bring us to back to himself? It's by the Holy Spirit. That's how conviction happens. That's that's where that process starts that first Thessalonians talks about where it says um that uh we should um here we go quoting um but that it the the order in Thessalonians seems to be spirit uh soul body which m body soul spirit excuse me which makes people think that the soul is in the middle and we know it isn't. The soul's in the inside of the inside, but it looks like it's in the middle, you know, body on the outside, then the soul, then the spirit because it says body, soul, spirit. But that's not the way it is. That's the way it works. It starts in the spirit and then it goes to the soul where we accept what we've heard from the spirit. And that's when the spoken word is quickened or quickens within us. his seed. That's kind of odd because the seed and the word are the same, but it gets quickened and then it starts its outward journey. So now that soul's quickened and now the soul starts to bump into the spirit and say, "How about this? What about this idea? How about loving that person? How about forgiving that person?" And you're like, "Whoa, what are you talking about?" All right. And in our spirit realm, there's a this little battle going on. It's called the mind. But eventually, at least in my case, a little bit of it leaks through into the body and I start to act on those things that are being prompted from the Holy Spirit that is being prompted by the soul, by the word. Do you see the picture? So, the spirit's hovering over the waters. Then God says something must happen. God's word speaks. And isn't that a song? His word speaks, I think. Anyway, and so once we start reading the scripture and we start seeing ourselves in this word, this word starts to bring about what the Holy Spirit promised. And I love that that brother Steve talked about the the promise. And so here we go. So he said, "Let there be light." And there was light. And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. And God called the light day and the darkness he called night. And the evening and the morning were the first day. We'll get to that. I want you to notice I highlighted the word good. Is it readable for everybody? Big enough. Okay. Just not for me. Um so God saw that light that it was good. Now, if you if you have your Bibles, not tonight, but when you get home, little homework, you should go through and see where the word good appears in Genesis chapter 1. I learned something today. I know that's hard to believe. I actually learned something today. I learned that on the second day, God did not say it was good. Anybody else have that revelation? I hadn't I couldn't believe it because if you count the number of goods which I've done many times there seems to be the right number but unfortunately the third day has two goods or or it could even yeah the third day and so this is this is interesting because why is that important that the second day doesn't have the word good? So the light was good and it divided the light from the darkness. So, can you see in our own lives, even if you don't know the Hank Williams song, I saw the light. All right, that's what he's talking about. It was right. Our life was shrouded in darkness. And then when the Holy Spirit moved on our lives and we accepted the word that Jesus is my savior, I shall not be moved. I'm in the song thing tonight. And so that uh that experience that we have with him is exactly what's being described here, the light and the darkness. Now, if you're if you're if you're in that uh mode, and I pray that the Lord would just have us in that to bring scriptures to our remembrance, you you'll remember how many times we read about the separation of light and darkness, light and darkness, and the darkness comprehended it not from John chapter 1. Right? So, there's so many scriptures and I might even get to some. And then he called the light day and the darkness he called night. Uh, I haven't got time to go into that. There's some really interesting things there. Oh, this is not working. All right. Um, it's going to take some getting used to. So, let's keep reading. And God said, "Let the uh let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters." So, we've seen this word divide twice already. Why is that? Because the first thing that happens when God gets hold of us is he starts to divide. He wants to separate. He wants to move us from this position that we've occupied our lives born in sin shaped in iniquity. And he wants to drive a wedge in between that and move us towards his will, his word, his way. And so the first step is to get rid of the darkness. The second step is to divide the waters from the waters. Now physically speaking, this is most likely ice that is under uh on the face of the earth and under those deep waters because the sunlight couldn't penetrate and so it's quite possibly an ice age as they say. Um but who knows? But nevertheless, he's dividing waters from the waters. And then it says from the waters which were above the firmament and the waters which were under the firmament. So if you're thinking about this, what he's creating is the atmosphere. So the first thing he does when he says let there be light, we'll look at this in some detail. He removes the darkness. Okay? That's how the light penetrates. He takes away the veil. Then the light strikes the earth and we go, "Oh, I'm a child of God." And we'll read later, "I'm a child of the light." Remember that scripture two twice that I know of. It says we're children of the light. I love that. And so here is the dividing process that's actually setting up the atmosphere. And verse uh 8, and God called their firmament heaven, and the evening and the morning were the second day. And did you notice the word good was missing? I kind of gave you a heads up. But it's not good yet. Why not? My opinion, and maybe Mr. Scoffield's as well, Dr. Scoffield I think he might mention is that the atmosphere is also inhabited by those other creatures that shall go unnamed or at the powers and principalities of the air. And so in this condition just at this stage in our lives guess who's active as we start to pull away from the things of our old life. I'll give you wonderful analogy I've used for hundred years. Um, when we're born, we get into a taxi and that taxi gets given a name, Steven. Well, in my case, it was null. But I changed that. I made it Steven. When they wanted to adopt me, I said, "No, no, I don't like null. I'm going to be Steven." Uh, with a V, by the way. I was four years old. So anyway, so you get a name and there you are proudly driving your car now. It's become yours. It's not just uh like another taxi. It's actually your taxi that you drive around in. Anybody remember their first driving experience knows what a proud moment that is. And so at some point we, you know, we get our accountability and we start to be in charge of our destiny. So, here we go. We see a couple of people along the roadside. I hope I don't take too long of this story. A few people along the roadside, hitchhikers that are looking for a ride. And these people look quite interesting. Uh they seem to have um some interesting personalities and so forth. And we say can have some company on the road. Hey, jump on in. And eventually the back seat is all crowded with all these demons that we've picked up along the road. And guess what? They're all yelling at us, me, where to go. Hey, there's a bar, there's a pub, there's a cigarette, there's whatever. My case, gambling. Anyway, and so we're like, oh, that sounds like a neat idea. Let me try that. And so here we are taking these detours. Now remember, God wants us to go to a certain destination. But these demons have other ideas and they're influencing us this way and that. We life gets rough after a while. Man, this is not working. This gambling habit of mine is just the pits. I am I am so embarrassed that I never even played cards when I was growing up and I suddenly got to university and suddenly I'm a card shock I thought. So I was more the the the shock food. So the thing is eventually we're getting fed up with this lifestyle by God's grace. And we see another person hitchhiking and he looks like just what I need, some calming influence. He looks so serene and so calm. And so we think, I want to stop and pick this guy up. So the Lord Jesus gets in our vehicle. He doesn't throw out all the demons. I hate to say it. the atmosphere. It's still the same atmosphere. It's just there's another influence in our vehicle and he's in the front seat and every now and then you'll hear some chirping from the back seat and he'll say, "No, Stephen, I want you to go to that church. I want you to do this. I want you to be kind. I want you to read your Bible. I want you to do these things." and he keeps giving me directions. He's like my little helper in the car. Can't get anywhere on my own. So, got to have somebody in the passenger seat telling me where to go. And so, I'm starting to follow his directions. Eventually, it doesn't take long before I think to myself, you know what? It would be a lot more efficient if I just handed the steering wheel over to him. otherwise known as the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And now he's driving and I'm the passenger. And guess what? When he starts driving, guess what happens to all the fellows in the back seat? They're like, "This is my stop. I'm getting out here. This is no, this isn't fun anymore. He's not doing anything we want him to do. So, we're going to we're just going to we're going to, you know, just exit right here." And so slowly but surely, those habits fall away and and we and we start to have a closer relationship with Christ. And and that's the that's the picture that's going on here with this separation in the firmament. Because as we serve the Lord, we start to separate have a division from those things that are not pleasing to him. All right. So we we're you're we're we're together. Then verse 9. Oh, sorry. Let's go to eight. And God called the firmament heaven, and the evening and the morning were the second day. And God said, "Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together into one place, and let the dry land appear." And it was so. And God called the dry land earth, and the gathering together of waters called he sees. And God said, I like it. He said, "This is good." Why? What does the dry land represent? Now, I don't have time to show you all the scriptures, but what does the dry land represent? Abraham's seed was like the sand of the seashore. That's one reference. We'll have another one later. So dry land would represent believers because we know from Revelation 17 that the seas represents the multitudes of people. So the multitudes of people obviously are not the ones that are doing it right. That's never been God's plan. So the the amount of uh dry land on Earth is about 30 33%. So a third of the earth's surface is dry land, 2/3 is water. So that tells you where we stand, right? We have we have our work cut out for us, right? But he said, "This is good because now the separation is continuing now." And and guess what? What does dry land represent compared to being on a boat? All right, firm foundation. So now we're able to stand for what we believe in. And God says, "This is good. This is really good. This this is what I was working towards." And we'll read that scripture in a minute. Verse 11. And God said, "Let the earth who who yeah, you and I, the little lumps of earth, remember I set this up. So the little lumps of earth, you and I, bring forth grass, and the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit, whose seed is in itself after his kind, whose seed is in itself upon the earth, and it was so. So when you become a believer, that's not the end. Now you're actually have a job to do. Now you've got that seed and your job is to make sure that seed multiplies. And we may read that later, multiply and replenish. So right in different ways. So if we're thinking spiritually now, how do we multiply and replenish? Remember replenish means to like redeem. It's to bring it back to something that was there previously. So what's our job in this process is for us to be part of God's process of bringing back the lost. That we're co-working with Jesus who came to seek and to save that which is lost. And so we're actually stepping into that role now that we've seen the light. We've had some separation and now the light has struck that seed. So why were those intermediate days important? What happened the first day? The darkness was dispelled and the light of the sun that was already there. Remember from verse one, the heaven and the earth, the sunlight struck the earth. Then God starts to separate sanctification and he allows us to go through this process which isn't always good and then he gets to the point where he says now that seed has got the right atmosphere the right environment you remember atmosphere from Sunday it's now got the right atmosphere in which it can grow it has the ingredients for growth which is First of all, there has to be a seed. Then light has to strike the seed. Then there has to be dry land like a church in which those seeds can grow. And then life comes into that seed which is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And what day is that? The third day. Justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Spirit. But we're not finished. And that may be for next time. So let's keep reading because I think there's some other scriptures that we should look at. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, the fruit tree, yielding fruit after his kind whose seed is in itself." So when we share the gospel, we're not just sharing words on a page. We're actually sharing a fruit that looks very attractive. You know, fruits look attractive. And the reason they look attractive is because there's a seed inside that when somebody takes the attractive fruit and they say, "Man, I want what you've got. I I admire your life. I I'm I've been watching you and your life is attractive." And guess what happens when they take the fruit? They get the seed. The seed is the word of God. And now it starts to multiply and starts to propagate. Right? So this is obviously exactly what we see in the book of acts and it was so right. So God interprets his word by bringing it to pass even here. All right this is I need another hand. So the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding seed after his kind and the tree yielding fruit whose seed was in itself after his kind. Haha. And God saw that it was good. Evening and the morning were the third day. You may be curious as I was once. Wasn't there a bad tree as well? Now, how can it all be good if there's a bad tree? Makes you think it might not be sort of an ordinary tree, right? So God saw that it was good. Verse 20 for verse 14. And God said, "Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night. And let them be for signs and for seasons and for days and years. And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven, excuse me, to give light upon the earth." And it was so. And God made two great lights. The greater light to rule the day, the lesser light to rule the night. He made the stars also. And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth and to rule over the day and over the night and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good. So this theme doesn't stop because we have the baptism of the Holy Spirit. There's more divisions that need to happen. there's more separation from darkness that needs to take place. And that's why this is so important, this Genesis chapter 1 passage. Uh and then what does it say in verse 18 and to rule over the day and over the night and to divide the light from the darkness and God saw that it was good. So we chafe under the stresses of life and the pain and the difficulties and the circumstances and the you know failed expectations perhaps and the the things that we wish could have been different and but guess what? This is good in God's eyes. I'm with you. It doesn't always seem so good. But this is good because this is continuing his sanctification process. Now it's not the stage of sanctification but it's the continuing washing by the waters of the word which does never stops until the redemption of the body and the evening and the morning were the fourth day. So, I'm going to uh jump ahead uh or back if you like to go back to that um those first few words in in Genesis. And you may and you may notice um that there's some highlighted words. So, I will spend a few minutes. I got a couple of minutes left. Uh in the beginning. So, beginning um implies I wonder if you can if you can agree with me. Beginning implies something time because before this there was no time. It was just eternity. So this is in the beginning and this is now God initiating his entire plan out of his mind and bringing it to pass. And it was in the beginning. What happens next? God. See, this could take forever, right? So, what's so important about the word God? It's because the word is L or L. We know we sing that lovely song L. But here in this case it's elohim or as the Israelis would say elohim. Now there's something about Hebrew is if you add him to the end of a word it means plural. So the trinitarians love this because they go oh there we go three go three three in one elohim plural. The only trouble is if you read your Scoffield Bible and you read the Jewish commentators, it's not a plural word. It's a uni plural word. Anybody know an example of a uni plural word? One that's means one and many at the same time. Sheep. So, how do you know how many sheep I'm talking about? The sheep run. Shout it out. How many sheep is that? The sheep run. Many or one? H many. Thank you, Sister J. The sheep runs. How many sheep is that? It's just one sheep. So, you see how the word sheep doesn't mean you plural or singular until you look at the verb. So, the word for God is Elohim. The word for create is bar. So in the beginning, I'm not going to try and read all the Hebrew. Elohim bar, God created. And all the Jewish people go, the Lord our God, he is one because they know bar means that the noun in this case is singular, not plural. So what happens when we get down to let us create man in our image? Because now they love to jump from oh this Elohim means plural and here we see the plural us. Well, there's one problem with that and I won't go into too much detail because there's some scriptures we could look at. But if you've got three people creating in their image and only two pop out, that doesn't look like an image of three. But if it's one God and he's making the spirit of mankind, male and female, now it all makes sense because God also has feminine qualities which we could get into another time. So in the beginning time begins God Elohim the heaven and the earth. So it's all done. So when we talk about the days of creation, how many days did this take in verse one? But the Brennham says we don't know. No idea because this is a misnomer. I took a picture. I was going to put it in. I forgot. When you look at the creation story in children's books and and any any just about anywhere, especially if it's coming out of AIG, they always talk about the earth was created in six days. We're going to test that theory from scripture. But anyway, I'm sorry. So, we've gone through without form and void. So, we're kind of skipping along uh at least on my computer. We'll get there. There we go. Okay. So, I'll just uh zoom ahead here or whoever is running the slides can jump ahead to the quote. Obviously, this was designed to go as I was talking. So, apologies. Right. So, question and answers on Genesis. Brother Ram says, "And when he did create in verse one, and atom bursted, I love that. and the sun came into existence. So when brother Brandham's in 1953 is referring to the big bang that was not a very popular theory back in 1953. In fact was a very unpopular idea. All right. It was it was mocked by people like Sir Fred Hy. And that's where the phrase uh what do you call it um big bang came from is he goes oh you mean there was a big bang and it's very mocking. Unfortunately, it stuck. And yes, there was a big bang because in the beginning, God created heavens and earth. The whole lot. There was nothing and then there was everything. That's the way God works. She whirled for hundreds of millions of years, not six days, forming clinkers and burning and forming like it is today. So, it's very interesting. But here's the verse that always comes up in the last few minutes. For in six days the Lord, please read it carefully with me. For in six days the Lord created heaven and earth and the sea and all that in them is and rested the seventh day. Wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it. Did I read that right? Thank you. He didn't create in six days. He made in six days. Now do you remember remember the title slide creation and formation. Do you remember brother Steve talking about the difference? So Adam was formed from the dust. He was created a spirit being but then his body was formed from the ground. The word is yatsa in the Hebrew and it's a completely different word from create. So let's look at uh Strongs. Um, you can sort of see that how Strongs defines the word made. And I'll just highlight a couple. Do, make, rot, deal, commit, offer, execute, keep, show, prepare, work, do so, perform, get, dress, make, maintain, and 154 other variations. Not one of them says create. So create means to make out of nothing. Exhilo is the Latin. Since we've got a conclave going on, we might as well get in the spirit of it. Have a few Latin phrases to throw out. So, you can see this word made is misinterpreted if you want the earth to be created in six days because it was created on day one. Not day one, before day one. And what was happening after that? That's the question. Now in Genesis chapter 2 verse4, we get another view of this. These are the generations. Notice the highlighted plural of the heavens. You remember in Genesis 1, it's heaven, the heavens, and of the earth. when they were created in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens. So, the creation was heaven and earth as we understand it, except there's a little plural in there we won't get into now because I'm down to 37 seconds. But you can notice that he says created in the day that the Lord God made earth and heavens. So what did he make earth and heaven? Remember the p the the the remember the order creates heaven and earth. All right. Then what happens next? Let the light strike the earth. So where's the focus? It's on the earth. The viewpoint in actual fact we read other scriptures is from the earth looking up and the clouds pull apart and here's the light shining through the light of the sun. And so he says made the earth and then he says the heavens. So what's the order in Genesis chapter one? He's doing stuff with the earth first. Then life comes into the seed when the earth's in a good place to produce life, you and I. And then something happens on the fourth day. And where are those objects located? heaven, the sun, moon, and stars. We'll get to that hopefully, Lord willing. I'm going to give myself a few extra seconds if that's not too Is that okay with you all? So, I was, and even if it isn't, I was talking to a person not long ago who was trying to discuss with me saying, "Aren't you ashamed to say that God created the heavens and the earth in six days?" Now notice he's not quoting it right. I said, "Well, that's what the Bible said." Brother Brandon's going to give him the rope. He's going to give him the benefit of the doubt. Not everyone's a Bible scholar. He said, "Well, we've got evidence and can prove that the world is millions of years old." And brother Michael was so gracious to make a little video for us to explain how that's how that's determined. Thanks, brother Michael again. So he says, "We've got evidence millions of years old." And I said, "That doesn't have anything to do with it." Genesis 1:1 says, "In the beginning, I'm going to get to something that maybe you haven't heard before. Uh, beginning God created the heaven and the earth." Period. That's all. Now the world was without form and void. And I said I believe every seed was laying right there from some other civilization or something. By the way, I've always focused on civilization and I kind of got mixed up there because I it could didn't compute. But he says or something. So I'm going to go with the or something. And as soon as the water lifted off and I've just put in a note that is the water became water vapor and when you can see through water vapor it's invisible and the light struck up came the Oh, I'm so sorry. Is it Are are you guys following? Oh, the blessing. All right. So, as soon as the water lifted off, it becomes water vapor and the light shines through that water vapor. up came the trees and everything. And the same thing with a human being as a type. Now, Brother Brennham has a bit of a word salad here, which you'll have to forgive me because I couldn't I couldn't clean it up till it actually, you know, became readable. So, I wrote it. I rewrote it, but using his words. So when the mist clears that real seed is germinated by the light of the gospel that the revealed truth and it'll live when struck by a true vindication of the word. So brother Brennhams has now explained what I was trying to explain and took me 40 minutes and he does it in one sentence which is pretty good. So we're going to go to the next slide. If it's got life in it, it'll believe. Outside of that, it can't live. It has no life in it. Those names that were put in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world will come forth just as certainly as anything. And that's why Jesus sits right there and waits with his mediatorial work until that last seed. And he'll know exactly when it strikes. So what is our role? How important is our role in this process? Jesus is waiting for something and it's for that last seed for this gospel of the kingdom will be preached to the ends of the earth. And then shall the end come by who? The other guy. Somebody else. Somebody else going to have the vision. But it's not. It's every one of us. Even your neighbor. even your child, even your coworker, even anybody that comes across your path where you have the opportunity to let them see the fruit that the Holy Spirit has developed in your life and they will take that fruit if they have that in them. Now, we're nearly done. So, I mentioned without form and void. So here's the picture as we close. The chaotic state is not the way God made it. That's what happened after that previous something where those seeds came from. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. So in Job 38, we read that when I made the cloud, he's he's questioning Job, where were you? the cloud, the garment thereof, the thick darkness, a swaddling band for it. Now, there's many scriptures that we could go into, but God made it. God allowed it. God wanted an example of what our lives are like when we're shrouded in unbelief. And we've got this beautiful word picture that we can go, "Oh, if I just let the Holy Spirit, convict me. God's going to speak and the clouds are going to roll back and light is going to strike that seed that's in me." Oh, now he says, "I believe every seed was laying right there from some other civilization or something. And as soon as the water lifted off and the light struck it, up come the trees and everything. So, how do you know the light struck? Oh my goodness, there's fruit. Where did that come from? I didn't have that fruit before. I wasn't able to turn the other cheek. I wasn't able to bless somebody who's cursing me. I wasn't able to pray for those who despitefully use you, use me, and say all manner of evil against me falsely for his name's sake. Wasn't able to do that. But suddenly, there it is. Fruit. All right. So, oh, you're following up there. That that picture is important, but we'll we'll see it again. All right. So, why does he talk about a previous civilization? Because we have physical evidence of it. There's geological features. Brother Michael, you agree? Brother Michael's a geologist. fossils. You've all seen fossils and their seeds. And brother Random says the seeds were from the previous civilization or whatever. And then we have the verse and you can look this up later on in this chapter, multiply and replenish. And then if you go to first second Peter, I think it's the earth that then was was covered in water. All right. Now, what does brother Brennham say about fossils? Some crushed rock was on the road in there with a there was a little fossil of some sea animal or something that lived many many years ago. I said, "Look at this thing here." And brother Cox said, "Brother Brennan, I wonder how old that really is." I'm going to shake Brother Cox's hand. It's the only reference to this anywhere in the message that I could find because Brother Cox asked the question. So, if you ever have the thought to ask a question, please ask the question. You never know what may be found. Oh, did you? Okay, it's following. So I said, 'Well, brother Cox, it's perhaps chronologists, people that, you know, look at the time of the earth would say up into the millions of years, way back before this earth was ever inhabited by human beings. So, one of the big problems with the gap theory as it's called, the gap between Genesis 1 and Gen 1 and Genesis 1 2 is how does death, all those dead animals occur on the earth before sin. It was a question I had for years and I only found this quote when I was doing the Bible doing the preparation for rap and I'm so pleased I did he because there were no humans. Now there were there was some something right there was even record of cities and whatever there was something but brother Random says they weren't humans which then makes perfect sense. So animals don't sin. Animals don't need repentance. Animals don't have a soul. So all of the things that we associate with the fall does not apply to animals directly. Animals are going to live and die because they're animals. And so he says those animals perhaps lived many many many millions of years ago. Isn't that wonderful? So now we I'm going to jump ahead. So then God said, "Let there be lights." And this is the picture. Sorry. Okay. And that's the the picture that Lan has where he he shows like the the the shroud, the swaddling band rolling back and light striking the earth. And where are those little lumps of earth? So this picture makes perfect sense. So when the light strikes, all right, we are now in a different era. We're no longer subject to the chaos. Now we allowing, we can allow ourselves to be subject to the word. And God said, "Let there be light." And that's what he had to do for us. He had to tell us, "Let there be light." Now I'm going to close I promise but maybe another 10 or so slides. So Isaiah 45:7 I form remember formation and creation I form the light and create darkness. When we have trouble it's allowed. I make peace and I create evil. Not sin. Evil. I the Lord do these things. What is what is the evil here? The word in the in the Hebrew is sorrow, adversity, calamities. So it's not sin, but it can sometimes be the fruit of sin. So you can see how forming the life. Oh yeah, I never finished that thought. I'm going to stop because I'm I'm kind of getting carried away. So when I talk about forming versus creating or making versus creating, what am I talking about? Creating is out of nothing. Forming is starting with something. So he starts with the dust. He forms man from the dust of the ground. But what about the firmament and moving things around? And by the way, when the waters and the dry land separates, what moved? The waters moved. It's not the dry land's job to push the water back. Gravity pulls the water away from the dry land. And that's a lovely comfort to us. Anyway, another another service sometime. But the the the thing that I'm trying to get to is all of this that he said in six days he made the earth and the heaven is he was ordering the creation. He was making it do something. And I wish I could find that verse for you tonight. Oh, maybe this is it. Hold on. Praise God. Uh let me uh advance here. It's also in Isaiah. A lot of these verses are actually in Isaiah. Oh, there it is. Let's read it together because then we're going to close. Isaiah 45:18. For thus saith the Lord that created the heavens, God himself that formed the earth and made it has established it. He created it not in vain. He formed it to be inhabited. That's what happened in the first chapter of Genesis. It created on day one. Then he has to create the animals and man. But in between, he's forming it. He's organizing it. He's ordering the creation. He's separating the waters. He's letting the dry land appear. He's giving light water and dry land to the plants. And they start to grow. And then he says he made the sun the greater light to rule the day and he made the lesser light to rule the night and he made the stars also and for signs and for seasons and days and years. Did he create the sun, the moon, the stars? If so, where did the light come from on day two or day one? Verse two and three. Big problem. It's because they were already there in verse one. So all he's doing is he's positioning the sun, moon, and stars. He's putting them where they can shine their light on the earth so that those who are interested can take their direction from our lives as long as we're in position. But if we get out of position and Orion's three stars suddenly start flying off and the southern cross becomes the northern cross and the great bear becomes the great wolf or know the great cheetah in South Africa everything's going to go ary but if we find our correct place our correct position and what's that called in the message adoption so justification sanctification, baptism of the Holy Spirit. The fourth day, he's placing, positioning each of us, himself included, the sun, the moon, and the stars to tell his story. You see how that worked? And what was it for? It was to be inhabited. So, it had to have all those steps in Genesis 1 in order to be habitable. And so for the Holy Spirit to find a habitation in our hearts, we need to go through these steps. And if we do, he will be able to direct our paths. Steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. Sons of God are led by the spirit of God. And now we find our position in the body. We find our position with him. And now we start to grow in maturity. And others can now benefit from our experience. Isn't that incredible? So that's what he means by made the earth and the heavens is to make them for his purpose. Does it make sense? I hope so. Well, God bless you. Let's stand. Musicians, you can come. Um, that includes you, brother. How many of us appreciate? Absolutely appreciate. God bless you. Take cause trouble. Grace of the Lord. Sing that. Amazing grace shall always be. Amazing grace shall be my song of praise. For it was grace that bought my liberties. Yes, Lord. Oh, I do not know just why he came to love me so. But he looked beyond my fault and saw my need. Amazing grace. Sing it again. Oh, amazing grace. [Music] It shall always be my song of praise. Oh, for it was grace that bought my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me so. Oh, he looked [Music] beyond my faults and saw my need. Let it be your song. Oh, I shall forever lift mine eyes to Calary to you. The cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous, how [Music] marvelous the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond my faults and saw my need. [Music] Hallelujah. Just bow our heads before we grow. Dear heavenly father, thank you for Lord painting this beautiful picture tonight. Lord Jesus God, this uh this formation in creation, Lord Jesus, God, that Lord, you had us in your mind before the foundation of the world, God. if we can just find our position, Lord Jesus, in you, Lord Jesus. There'd be nothing to stand in our way, Lord God. So Lord, we just want to take your words tonight, God, and apply them, Lord Jesus. God, as we, Lord, just uh walk in our position, Lord Jesus, in you, God, we love you, Lord. We just ask for traveling mercies going home, Lord, tonight. Give the service to you and all it said in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sing I I know my redeemer lives. So just continuity with the [Music] service. I know my redeemer [Music] lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify this life within me. Cries, I know. My redeemer lives. Who taught the son? Who taught the son where to stand in the morning? Yes, Lord. Oh, and who told the ocean, "You can only come this [Music] far." Oh, and who showed the moon where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star? For I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testify this life within me. Christ I know that my redeemer lives. Very same God that spins things in orbit. Yes, Lord. Oh, he runs to the weary, the wor and the weak. [Music] Oh, and the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. They conquer death to bring me full victory. And I know my redeemer. Oh, I know. My redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify this life within me. Christ, I know my [Music] redeemer lives. Oh, it [Music] heals to take away my shame. Yes, Lord. It heals forever I'll proclaim. Oh, that the payment for my sin. Yes, Lord, was the precious life he gave. But now he's alive. And there's an empty grave. For I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify there's a life within me. Christ I know my [Music] redeemer lives. Amen. Praise the Lord. Key of F. Go down one. Go down one. We'll sing this as we go tonight. I've got the life of God in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got his life, his nature, and his ability. I've got the life of God in me. Oh, I've got the life of God in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got his life, his nature, and his ability. I've got the life of God in me. I've got the love, I've got the love of God in me. I've got the love of God in me. I've got his love, his nature, and his ability. I've got the love of God in me. Oh, I've got the joy of God in me. I've got the joy of God in me. I've got his life, his nature, and his ability. I've got the joy of God in
