################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - 2025.06.29 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - He Shall Hide Me (Part 3) - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    2025.06.29 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - He Shall Hide Me (Part 3)
Speaker:  Paul LaFontaine
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY-SjHEhOpM
========================================

Description:
0:00 Preservice Worship
4:22 Opening Prayer
4:48 Preservice Worship
27:53 Special - For Granted
31:59 Preservice
32:32 Sermon
1:45:31 Postservice Worship
1:51:01 Closing Prayer
1:54:39 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, he's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Let's all stand and sing it. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. [Music] Oh, he's all I need. He's all I need. Thank you, Lord. Jesus is all I need. Amen. Give you flowers. My hallelujah belongs to you. Oh my hallelujah belongs to you. Oh, just lift your hands and sing it this morning. Sing my hallelujah belongs to you. Oh, to you. Oh, my hallelujah belongs to Sing. All of the glory. Oh, all of the glory belongs to you. Yes, Lord. Oh, all of the glory belongs to you. All of the glory belongs to you. All of the glory belongs to you. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes. All of the glory belongs to you. Shout it out this morning. Sing you deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. Oh my hallelujah. Hallelujah. Belongs to you. Yes, Lord. Oh my hallelujah belongs to you. All of the glory, Lord. All of the glory belongs to you. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] It deserve it. You deserve it. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Our brother Ian Sprin, would you come up and lead us in a word of prayer this morning? Thank you, brother. [Music] And let's pray. Lord, thank you so much for another Sunday to enter into worshiping you and hearing from you. I just ask that you would accept our worship to you as a pleasing pleasing smell to you and a fragrance. Lord, bless bless brother Paul as he prepares to bring your word and may it just speak to each of us and settle in our hearts. We thank you, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. It's good to be in the house of the Lord again this morning. Amen. I just don't feel like I can reach you guys. You guys are too far back. Can't Are you guys out there? It's all right. That's okay. Maybe I'll come up. That's what I usually do on Wednesday nights. I'll be like I'll just come up right here. Let's sing that song this morning. I was glad when they said unto me, "Let us go in the house of the Lord." But I do need my song list. One sec. I was glad when they said unto me. Let's go around and greet each other. Glad when they said unto me, I was glad when they said unto me, "Let us go to the house of the Lord." Oh, I was glad when they said unto me, I was glad when they said unto me. Oh, I was glad when they said unto me, let us go to the house of the Lord. There was joy. There was joy when they said unto me. There was joy when they said unto me. There was joy when they said unto me, "Let us go to the house of the Lord." There was peace. There was peace when they said unto me. There was peace when they said unto me, oh, there was peace when they said unto me, let us go to the house of the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. Well, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, angels bow before me. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty, what a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God. Oh, Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Oh, Jesus is the God we serve. All angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. What a mighty God. Last time. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. He's so mighty. Hallelujah. Praise God. I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. I'm holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. And when the enemy comes in like a flood, I will raise I will raise up my standard and overcome. Sing it again. I'm going to turn up my face and drown out the doubt. I'm holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes, oh in like flood, I will raise up my standard and oh sing that verse with me. Oh Satan, can you hear me? This line is for you. Oh, you have no power over what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus. Victory is in me, too. Oh, so I will turn up my praise and show you what faith can do. I'm going to turn up my praise and round out the doubt. I'm holding my shield of faith and I feel no alone. When the enemy comes, falling like a flood, I will raise up my standard. Last time, oh, I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. I'm holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes in like a flood, I will raise up my standard and overcome. Yes. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Kia. B flat this morning. B flat. Praise the Lord. B flat. Yeah. Amen. These are the days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. Oh, and these are the days of your servant Moses. Righteousness being restored. Thank you, Lord. And though these are days of great trials, of famine and darkness and sore, still we are the voice in the desert, crying, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes. He's riding on the cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpet's call. So lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee and out of Zion until salvation comes. These are the days. These are the days of Ezekiel. Testify this morning. the dry bones becoming as flesh. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and these are the days of your servant, David, rebuilding the temple of praise. Oh, and these are the days of the harvest. Oh, the fields are as in the world. Lord, we are the laborers in your vineyard declaring the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpets call. So your voice, it's a year of jubilee. out of eyes into salvation come. Testify. There's no God this morning like our God. God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds. Oh, shining like the sun at the trumpets call. So your voice is the year of Jubilee. Out of Zion's salvation come. Can we sing? There's no God. Sing it again. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold he comes riding on the clouds. Oh, shining like the sun and the trumpets call. So lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee. Out of Zion's will salvation come. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Some of you guys know, some of you saints know where you God brought you. And you can testify there's no God like Jehovah. Amen. Because he's the one who did it. He did the work. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. That song got me excited this morning. I don't know about you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Key of B flat this morning. Amen. I am here, Lord, to present myself to you. Yes, Lord. And I know there's nothing more that I can do. Will you wash me and dress me in your rightousness until you're finally through? I'll still come and present myself. Can we take it up one key? Oh yes. I am here Lord. Tell them this morning. Oh, I am here Lord to present myself to you. And I know there's nothing more that I can do. This is my prayer this morning. Will you wash me and dress me in your rightousness until you find me through? I'll still come and present myself to you. Let's all stand and sing that verse. Here I am. Here I am again, empty deep within, sitting at the table of your word. [Music] The hunger pain I feel bring me for another meal. I know that I'll be changed by what I've heard. So I am here, Lord. Oh, I am here, Lord, to present myself to you. Is that you this morning? Oh, and I know there's nothing more that I can do. Wash me, Lord. Oh, will you wash me and dress me in your rightousness until you're finally through? I'll still come and present myself. Second verse. Oh yes. Oh, it seems your heart would grow weary. Sing me here again. Thank you, Lord. But your purpose to complete the work I know. So in your presence I'll abide. I will never run and hide cuz there's no other place I want to go. I am here Lord. I am here Lord to present myself to you. Just let go right now. And I know there's nothing more that I can do. Wash me completely, Lord. Will you wash me and dress me in your rightousness? [Music] Until you're finally through, I'll still come and present myself to you. Will you wash me, Lord? Will you wash me and dress me in your rightousness? Until you're finally through, I'll still come and present myself to you. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Amen. KF. Amen. As the prayer request would come ready this morning. Amen. Jesus, I love you because you care. I couldn't imagine if you weren't there. Tell them this morning, "Oh Jesus, I love you because you care." I couldn't imagine. I couldn't imagine, Lord. Oh, if you weren't there. Not because I've been so faithful. Not because I've been so faithful. Not because I've been so good. You've always been there for me to provide my every need. You were there when I was lonely. You were there in all my pain, guiding my footsteps, my shelter from the rain. Oh, and it was you who made my life complete. You are. You are to me my everything and that is why I sing with all your heart this morning. Oh Jesus, I love you. Oh, because you care. I couldn't imagine. No, if you were in there. Oh Jesus, I love you. Thank you, Lord. Oh, because you care. I couldn't imagine. Oh, can we take it off? Next verse. Oh, you're the joy of my salvation. You're the peace in every soul. Hallelujah. Your loving arms protect me. You shelter me from the heart. You are alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. My very strong tower, my dearest and my best friend. Oh, if it was you who made my life complete. Oh, you are to be my everything and that is why I sing. Oh yes Jesus, I love you. Yes Lord. All because you care. I couldn't imagine no you were there. Cuz Jesus, Jesus, I love you. Oh, because you care. I couldn't imagine. Hallelujah. if you were in there. Cuz Jesus, Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh, because you care. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh, because you care. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. prayer press would come. Amen. There's a song I was listening to the other day. I'm not going to sing it, but there's a line in it. It's the start of the song, but if I shout this morning, know I'm shouting from a heart that's been redeemed. Amen. Praise the Lord. I just wanted to testify this morning. I just feel so much liberty in his presence this morning. So, just know we have a special, but let's stay standing. We'll just sing this one as they come. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you is my desire. Just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you is my is my desire. Oh, just to be close to you. Yes, Lord. Oh, just to be close to you. Thank you, Lord. Oh, just to be close to you is my is my desire. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you is my desire. We might have to sing it a few more times here. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh yes. Just to be close to you. Thank you, Lord. Oh, just to be close to you is my is my desire. Oh, just to be close to you. Thank you, Lord. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you is my desire. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Is it you and Ashley? Oh, there she is. [Music] [Music] When we come together with our licks of fire, two or three gathered or more, all in your name, in one accord, you're gracious to meet us here, Lord. And then as I leave, I take you with me. I know what awaits past those doors. And I'll not take your presence for granted anymore. It's not just about the feeling, but I love to feel you. So many souls are seeking. They lack what matters most. Your mercy and grace has followed my days. I'm blessed just to be near you, Lord. And I'll not take your presence for granted anymore. [Music] Without a strong power to run to the hide. In my own strength, I'd fall prey to darkness and harm, fear over faith. But in you, I know I am safe. I can't imagine. I don't want to know what a life without you would afford. And I'll not take your presence for granted anymore. It's not just about a feeling, but I love to feel you close. So many souls are seeking. They lack what matters most. Your mercy and grace has followed my days. I'm blessed just to be near you, Lord. And I'll not take your presence for granted anymore. [Music] On the wings of the morning, to the depths of the sea. Wherever I go, you are with me. Should I rise to the heavens, make my bed down in hell, still you are there, still with me. You dwell. It's not just about a feeling, but Lord, I love to feel you close. So many souls are seeking. They learn what matters most. Your mercy and grace has followed my days. I'm blessed just to be near you, Lord. And I'll not take your presence for granted. No, I'll not take your presence for granted. No, I'll not take your presence for granted [Music] anymore. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] What a tremendous approach that Sherry and Wesley and Ashley has given us this morning to have that mindset why we come to church and that we don't take it for granted, his presence for granted. Can you say amen? I think that's the first brand new song and we're the first to hear it. Thank you, Sher. I appreciate it. Wonderful song. Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning in Christian love. This is I'm reading this morning from Psalm 71. And we'll read the blessed word together. In thee, oh Lord, do I put my trust. Let me never be put to confusion. You know, when we're trusting the Lord completely, then we won't live in confusion. How many know the Bible says God is not the author of confusion? If you're confused, it comes from the enemy's side. It comes from the devil. God's not the author of confusion. And so when we put our trust in him, he said, "Let me never be put to confusion. Deliver me in thy righteousness, and cause me to escape. Incline thine ear unto me, and save me. Be thou my strong habitation wherein to I may continually. Everybody say continually. Continually resort. We'll talk about that in a minute. But David said, "You're my habitation. You're that place that I want to go to. You're the place I want to default to, and I don't want to just go there every uh few months when I need it. I want to continually resort to this habitation. I want to continually to default into this secret place. That's the way we want to live continually. May I continually resort, thou hast given commandment to save me, for thou art my rock and my fortress. Can you imagine? God has given a commandment to save you from whatever you need to be saved from. It's not you go saving yourself. It's not you run into something you don't get no help. He's already got a commandment. He's got a word over your life. He's got a covenant over your life. And God's covenants cannot be broken that he makes himself. You remember the covenant he made with Abraham. He says, "I will do this. I will do this. I will do this." First one he made with man. It was like a deal. If I do this, will you do this, Adam? If I do this, and man always fails. When he come to Abraham and says, "I'm going to bless you. I'm going to give you a land. I'm going to do this." And that's the covenant. It's not it's not contingent upon your mistakes. God will hold his covenant over you your whole life and God will fulfill his covenant. God has a commandment over your life to save you. And if we have that assurance, then we ought to just rest in that rock and that fortress that he has given us. Can you say amen? Lord, bless your word today. Father, these souls are have been purchased at the great price at Calvary. They're not my people. They're your people, Lord. And so you know them and you know what to do, Father, to be able to give them the word that's in season to be able to bless their lives. We pray, Father, that you meet us today and you fill this house with your glory in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated, friends. We're going to pick up where we left off in talking a little bit about he shall hide me. He shall hide me. And this will be part three. And we want to talk a little bit about these different scriptures. And we David is the one in the Bible we said that wrote so much about this mystery of a hiding place in Christ. Even though he didn't fully have access to it in mystery, he began to write about it. He began to know about it. And and uh the reason that he wrote about it is some of the reason he wrote about it is God allowed experiences in David's life to teach him that there is really at the end of the day there's really only one place to run into where we are safe. And David was allowed to go through many experiences in his story that taught them. He he learned a lot, but he really learned and that's why David kept referring to a rock, a fortress, a hiding place, a secret place, a secret place of his tabernacle. That's just some of the terms he used. And he mentioned those terms more than anybody in the Bible because God allowed him to go through experiences that he learned. There is a place to go to. There is a place of safety. There is a place that is a default place that today especially friends we need to know that every time something comes up in life there's one place that we run to it's not something of the world but we run it back into this place with Christ and so but there was a lot of things that taught David that run to that place but the fact is we learn too in our lives and we learn by seeing all the places that we run to. One of the things I'd like to us to learn and and to ponder in this is that we begin to see in our life especially as we go down the road the places that we develop that we run into uh that we escape into that we go into we run and we learn all those places fail us all those places are not assur assuring all those places aren't the protection that God gives and so then a lot of times it really funny on Friday night we had a really nice conversation with the young people nice youth meeting here at the church and our subject was tattoos. And we only have one scripture to go on, but I wanted the young people to not only know that there is a scripture that God proclaims it's wrong to do your body that way, but also not just that lesson, but are you willing to take one scripture in the Bible that speaks the mind of Christ about it? Are you willing to take that one scripture and say, "If God says it and it's important to him, I'll take that one scripture. It's good enough for me." There's a lot of people today who say that's Old Testament or you know that I need 10 scriptures in order to believe it. Uh I think we should value what God says. Can you say amen that there's a meaning to it and there's a purpose and incidentally in that case we realize it is significant today. Sometimes God says something and then the prophet reaches here in this modern age and he reaches back and grabs a scripture and brings it forward. Why? Because we need it in this society. We need it in this culture and something that looks irrelevant to the world and sometimes to denominations they've wrote it off becomes significant for our lives. Why? Because God knows exactly what we need in the time we leave live in. And so, you know, we run to places that fail sometimes. And we were talking about how uh people, you know, they they do that all the reasons. And the young people were so great at bringing up all the reasons if we've asked people, if we haven't asked, what's the purpose in this? Why do you want to do your body this way? And the reason I talked about it, I'm seeing more and more of this all the time. I've never seen so many people putting on more tattoos. And it's kind of like men are craving something to be approved, to be accepted. They look on the internet, say to be uh to get that satisfaction of being accepted, then I'm going to do this. and that it didn't bring the satisfaction because now they got to go get another tattoo. Now they got to do something else that makes them weird. I was telling the young people about a man in the restaurant the other day that I see they had three horns sticking out of his chin. And uh I said, "All right, you know, I don't know what's happening there." Uh but I can tell you the young people helped me and I believe I helped them to be able to understand the meaning behind this. I would never criticize somebody like that. I have to preach the gospel. I have to remind them of the word. But there's definitely something wrong and they're tapping into another dimension that's not the dimension of God that's leading them to this will bring you satisfaction. And guess what? Every time, even in the things that we choose to run to, it fails. And that's a good thing because every time we learn, there's only one place that we can come and get true satisfaction. That's right. And when we're running from something, then we want to choose the place that that's really safe, that's really protected. There there are two things that I want to probe at this morning a little bit is that we all run from things. We are all prone to run from things. We all tend to in our human nature to run from stuff. But then we all choose things to run to something that we run to. So, how many would all agree that's the way we are in our human nature? When trouble come, when people treat us wrong, we have a nature about us that we mostly will run. They have a thing called fight or flight. We either fight for ourselves or we'll run away. A lot of times we run away. We don't want the the the confrontation. We don't want to do that, but we run. We run in our nature and we all run to something that we think probably will be our escape. David says here in Psalm 71, "Lord, I want you to be my ultimate escape. I want you to become my escape. I want you to be the one that I run to." Is he the one you run to when you want to go hide? I love when Brother Homer was preaching Sunday morning. You know, I love when people get old and they just say things cuz they don't care anymore. And he watched Saturday night. Brother Diggs running all over this place. Matter of fact, this platform and everything actually when we were designing it, it was with Brother Diggs in mind and it's still not enough room for him. But brother Homer, you know, he's just saying that guy runs. He says, "I'm just letting you know." I just loved how he said it. He says, "I ain't going to be running like that like brother Diggs." And he says, "If you do see me running," he said, "I'm running from something from somebody." That's what he said. I thought that was funny. He said, "Unless something is chasing me, I'm not going to be running from that." But we run from and we avoid a lot of things in life. And even Christians sometimes are running from something. They're avoiding talking about something. They're avoiding things. And they'll go for years running from something. And and then we have to bring up the prophet Jonah. Here's uh one thing that he said about Jonah. Brother Bram said about Jonah. And and notice that he some he noticed something he was running from. And that was and I want you to notice what it was. Jonah, he was not a back, he was not backslid as we would think he was, but he was running from the responsibility and the presence of the Lord. I want you to remember that he was running from the presence of the Lord. And brother Brandon preached that running from the presence of the Lord. And then you remember he says Jonah is a type of us all. So don't be so critical of Jonah because we know he's a type of us all. He's a He reflects how we are sometimes and we tend to run. I'm going to read what he says here in the quote, but I want you to remember what did he run from? It's interesting. Brother Brandham called it the presence of the Lord. He received a commission, a calling. Go tell the Ninevites and get them to repent and preach the the message to them. But what was he running from? The presence of the Lord. When you run from the responsibility of what the word is being presented to you even today, then it's not you're running from Paul Fontaine. It's not that you're running from some religion, but you're running from the presence of the Lord because in the word is the presence of the Lord. And as Sher Song said, we never want to take it for granted. Can you say amen? We don't want to do that anymore because we could be a Jonah that's running from the presence of the Lord. In the presence of the Lord is where we need to be and where we need to live. And Jonah, you know, think about, you know, I try to be nice to him, but and I've said before that I need to apologize to him because some of the sermons I've been pretty critical. Jon Jonah only has four chapters on his life, but sure has provided a lot of sermons for me in that short four chapters. I'll tell you, there's a lot of sermons it's provided. Praise the Lord. Some of you have provided a lot of sermons as well. Amen. I just leave it there. You know, my family provides me sermons as well, but I'll just leave that there. But brother Bram said, Jonah here was called on this as this one of the minor prophets of the Bible to go down into this city. And here we find an example of us all. Every one of us, we we always are running for something. Every one of us, we run from trouble. We run from responsibilities. We're all prone to do that. Now, he's talking about our human nature. And if we let our human nature rule, we tend to run from things. We run from trouble. He says uh we we uh we run uh how does he say here? We're we're all prone we run from responsibilities. We're all prone to do that. We are more prone to run than we are to stand and face it out. And we find ourselves running. Sometimes we uh find ourselves prone to run from work. We don't want to. We don't want to work. Some people just think they can make a living without working. But I think Solomon it was said that we could find the answer in watching the ant. You know a little ant they tell me if that ant doesn't work and lay in that ant doesn't eat that winter either. So so everybody has to work. We got so many things that we have to do. So much responsibility that we have to face. Everybody has got to face a certain responsibility. And when you come to choose your wife to get married or choose your husband you've got to take a responsibility. And then you must remember maybe you build a home. It's a nice pretty home. And then remember as a married woman you got to think of the responsibility of raising children. Can I get an amen this morning? You're going to get married. You're going to have children. Well, you take the responsibility of those ch children. Becomes a priority. And you can't run from that. A lot of people run from it. They'll send it to somebody else to take care of it. Whatever it is. But you see, the responsibility falls back on the parents to be able to raise the child, but also raise them in the admonition of the Lord. It's a responsibility God gives us. It's not a bondage. It's a responsibility God's given us. And actually, you should look at it this way. You can affect the future by training your kids in the Lord. That even with your failures, you can point them to the word of God and the next generation can be better than this one. That's that's pretty powerful. He said, ' Maybe you build a home. It's a nice pretty home. And then remember, as a married woman, you got to think of the responsibility of raising children. You got to think of them pretty slick walls is going to have little dirty handprints all over them. I got a couple grandkids living with me, so I could say amen to that. Then you got the responsibility of educating your children. You got the responsibility of clothing and feeding. Everything is a responsibility. And it's so easy when the responsibilities face us to sherk from them. And we find out that marriage is a responsibility in all manners. Even many times, this is hard to say, but it's God when they're, excuse me, this is hard to say, but that ministers many times sherk a responsibility for standing for the true word of God when they're confronted with it. They'll sherk their responsibility. When the truth of the word of God is brought face to face with we human beings, we are prone to sherk back until the last resort. But to face up the responsibility. Sometime it takes sometimes it takes the very height off of us to do that. And a and as a father to face the responsibility to give your children a whipping them little fellas, you don't want to do that. But as a father or mother, you've got to face the responsibility of raising that child because the Bible said, "Spare the rod and you'll or you'll spoil your son." And that still stands good in the sight of every psychologist there is in the world. That still remains God's truth. I I ought to hear amens out of everybody who believes the Bible right now. It's still the truth. Raise them in the admonition of the Lord. And if you spare the rod, you'll spoil the child. Praise the Lord. Well, my some of you still ain't going to say amen to that. That's all right. And so, it still stands good in the sight of every psychologist in the world. That still remains God's truth. If there has been more of that practice, we wouldn't have so much juvenile delinquency and stuff and the rot that we got in the world today. But the old golden rule of the home has been broken long time ago and they let the kids do whatever they want to. But even as I said, ministers, they'll come face to face with truth and then walk away from it. They're just there seems to be this that something that they don't want to face up to it. Many times I've had people come and say, "I know that's right, Brother Brandham, but if I did that, they would kick me out of my church. What of it? If you don't, you're going to be kicked out anyhow there. So, you got to be kicked out of something. Uh, I think he's referring to heaven. Kicked out up there. So, you got to be kicked out somewhere. So, you might as well face up to it instead of what? Running from it. So, he's addressing the problem in human nature to run from something, to run from responsibility. But when the word comes with with the word comes a responsibility and that's one thing we never want to run from. We are prone he says we are bent towards running from things. It's human nature. But then it it's it's you know if we're going to run sometimes it's it's what we run to that counts. It's what we run to. Sometimes we run into something else that's not Christ and then it turns out worse. How many has ever experienced that you run to something thinking that's the answer and you find out it everything turns out worse than what it was at the beginning because you ran to the wrong thing. Why does it turn out we didn't run to Christ but why did it turn out we ran to the wrong thing? We escape, but we escape into the wrong thing or things. If we run, we should run into something that God has provided. I trust you're listening to me this morning because we live in Leodysia. We live in the closing seconds of time. And I have never seen so many things offered to us, even believers, that are escapes, that are things to run into. There are things to relieve our nerves. There are things that we got away because the trouble is too much. I know there's some out there they're turn they'll turn to drinking to relieve their nerves. They'll turn to smoking to relieve their nerves. Christians, they they don't want to do that. They want to put that aside. But even Christians that don't smoke or drink, you better be aware of all of Satan's devices that we're running to something where we should be running to that secret place. I could take another sermon on all the things that we run to. I can name them. All the things that we run to that are our satisfaction. And many times we run because we're having trouble. Someone doesn't like us. Something happened. Some people are still running from their past. They're still running from it. They're not facing it. They're not bring it to the Lord. They're not finding deliverance over it. They're still running from their past. So, we tend to run to the wrong thing. We escape but we escape into the wrong thing or things. And if we run, then we should run into something God has provided a place of strength that the next time if we run into Christ's place of strength in that secret place that that habitation of a a a rock in in a weary land, a place of strength that the next we should run into a place of strength from the Lord so that the next time we face things, we face it better. Amen. This is what David found. This is what he learned. People will treat you a certain way. You will have ups and downs in life. And when that happens, it creates emotional instability. You don't feel stable. You don't feel you feel the ground is shaking a little bit. You feel uh not not physically, but your emotions are are instable because we are emotional people. God knew that. God understood that we are an emotional people and so Satan abuses that to like life will happen. Satan will do things. But even life itself and the way people treat you and the way things people say about you and the unrealistic expectations of people all can create emotional instability in our lives. And when we begin to run from that instability to something else instead of Christ, then we find we can find we we we can realize even more emotional instability and it doesn't get any better. But we should run into a quiet place with him because we know that that is going to bring stability emotionally. Couple years ago, I preached on where we find emotional stability. And I read the scriptures to show that there's a place there's a place that I'm preaching that you can run to stabilize things to make things more consistent to just to to to rest. The Christian life is based solidly upon rest. Rest in what God does. rest in the word that he said from the beginning. He he said, brother uh Stephen said it uh Wednesday night is that even God rested from his own works. He spoke it. Once the word was spoken, he had such confidence in what was spoken. He rested the seventh day. All the works were finished before before the foundation of the world. But when he spoke it, it was really settled. He could rest completely in his own word. And now we can rest in God's word and find a place of rest when ships are tossed. When our life is tossed, when people have persecuted you and spoken wrong things against you, when you have done wrong things to other people, you can feel unsettled about it. But there's a place of repentance and there's a place of rest that brings emotional stability. A secret quiet place. The seventh seal is symbolized by silence. And when he opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heavens for about the space of a half hour. The seventh seal is symbolized by silence. And in that silence, the mysteries are revealed. In that silence, all the mysteries are revealed. In that silence, God whispers his secrets to the bride. In this place, in this silence, in this seventh seal of the coming of the Lord, it's a place that the bride has spoken to secrets from her groom, Christ. And it's not to everybody else. It's for the bride herself. The way the prophet said, that's what God Christ is doing to the church right now. He is letting her know the secrets. When the word was open 1963 until today, the seventh seal was open to us. The word is open to bring us to a rapture. But what opened to us? A place, a place where the secrets are whispered to his bride. And when we're in there and he whispers those secret, it's stability. It's peace. I'm going in a rapture. I don't know if it's to today or 10 years from now, but I know I'm going cuz he has spoken my peace into my life by the word. He spoke peace to the bride. He spoke stability. I've said it before. Husbands can create stability in their family or they can create instability by their doubts, by their fears, by their inconsistency. You don't have the family in church once a month, whatever it is. And the whole family feels unstable because daddy is not creating stability. Our great daddy, our great Christ, our husband, when he went to Calvary, he created the greatest stability for the bride ever before. that we rest not in our own works, but we rest in a finished work of Calvary. He's already done it. He's already paid the price. Tell the devil, "It's as good as done. I'm not looking at my mistakes today. I'm bringing them under the blood. But as far as where I'm going, I know where I came from and I know where I'm going." Didn't Jesus say that? Didn't he say, "I come from God. I go to God. I know where I come from and so I know where I'm going. If Jesus had that revelation, the bride has that revelation. I've been told where I came from and knowing where I come from, I know where I'm going. It creates stability. Our groom Jesus Christ creates stability and peace, consistency. The Christian life is based upon rest in that secret place. The work's already done. And there isn't any turbulence in this life no matter what happens. I've preached to people here for 36 years and I never seen such things hits their life that you go oh no you one thing you say they don't they didn't deserve that. It seemed like somebody else deserved that. Some rotten person, you know, that that's lived. Here's a faithful Christian to the Lord and something strikes their life or those that family, those kids' life they never expected. We're living in that hour. And that's why I create keep preaching. Are you listening? There's a place that you can run to. I can't change situations. I can't change what's happened to you, but I can point you to a secret place. I can point you to a place that has rapturing faith. This was amazing. Smith Smith Wigglesworth, a great preacher. He said, "It is in the secret place." Smith Wigglesworth said, "It is in the secret place where God begins to unfold his mysteries to your spirit. It is in the secret place where you get to discover. These are wonderful words. It is in the secret place where you get to discover who you are in Christ. People will wonder where you get your boldness, your understanding, your peace of your heart. The secret place is the place where you get to study the word, meditate on the word, pray it through into your spirit man. It is a place of honor. It is a place of glory, a place where things are created. Can you say amen? What a place. A place where things are created and called forth. Many of us today have forsaken the secret place and are busy chasing after the shadow, leaving the real substance behind. We need to get back to the secret place and build ourselves in the most holy faith through the word and prayers. Let Smith Wigglesworth correct us and set us on the right course. We get so busy we'll choose something shallow or choose a shadow. Listen, you don't have to choose a shadow. You can choose the realities of God. With David, what he learned is he didn't, you know, David, he didn't run from the enemy. He didn't run from Goliath. He ran towards Goliath. So, we were talking about when David, it was uh He it what David was running from many times is not the enemy, but it was running in the first case with from a backsliden believer that turned against him. A man in authority, a man who was God's anointed, a man who was in the king of Israel. It was him who turned against David. There's not too many things that cut to the core of hurtful situation. than someone within the body of Christ or some preacher that says the kind of words to be a Saul to you and to hurt you and actually to try to kill your influence as Saul tried to kill David. And all this time David's learning, I need a place to run to. I need to get away with it because I can't really come against God's anointed. And so he was in there playing music and anointed in music actually relieved Saul of his evil spirits that had got actually from the Lord because he had been rebellious. God sent that. He allowed evil spirits to come to him. Then they bring in David. He plays anointed music. It refreshes him. He gets re relieved temporarily. But in those moments, he comes around the corner throwing javelins. Throwing javelins at the new anointed. The the David David didn't do anything wrong, but he's throwing javelins. And it's coming from somebody within the body of Christ. I'm calling it that to bring it up to date. It's coming from God's anointed king before. It's coming from a preacher. Do I have your ear this morning? These things are more trying sometimes than receiving persecution from the world. When I receive the criticism of lies that are told about me, it hurts more when it comes within our own ranks. It I'm just being honest with you. It hurts. I don't understand some of it. I thought Brother Bram says elect was not supposed to persecute elect. True. I'll never put them out of the kingdom. But that's what he said. Elect does not persecute elect. And yet a Saul rises up and he rebelss against God. Takes a wrong spirit. You know what he turns his javelin towards? He turns it to some somebody God is beginning to work with and anoint and be refreshed until the Goliath. And Saul gets jealous of that. And instead of saying, "I submit. I'm going to come to your church and I'm going to say David is the God's man and I'm going to submit myself to it." He turns his javelin and starts throwing pot shots at David. True. That's what David dealt with. Could speak a lot more about it, but a man who wanted to kill him and kill his influence. It was an internal pressure that affected David most. Not the Goliaths of life. Listen now. God gives us strength many times to defeat the Goliath of life. You should never be afraid of a Goliath. Can you say amen? God has called you against the Goliath of life. I tell young people, listen now. David was on the back side of the desert and he was training when there was a bear, when there was a lion, and he took him. He was gaining testimonies cuz someday he didn't know he was going to meet a Goliath. God was teaching that man as he was young as he teaches young young people how to get a hold of God. How to get in the presence of God, how to get into my Bible. What are you doing young people? Are you in your phone all day? Get into their Bible. Get into the word of God. Why you got time? Because if you get married, your time's cut in half. With each kid, the pie's cut even more. You don't have time hardly at all to have those moments to be alone with God. And when you were single, you got them all. Don't waste those moments with God. And David spent time with God. He learned about the anointing. He learned how to sing under the anointing. He learned how to drive away evil spirits. You don't think God's doing something in your life right now, young people, and the trials you're going through. He's training you. How do I get in the spirit? How do I learn how to defeat the enemy? How do I kill this lion? He's preparing you for the Goliaths that are coming in your life. Praise be to God. He's preparing you for the Goliaths. And God gives the strength. But there's nothing ever more so confusing. Seems like not a Goliath, but fighting being falsely accused, fighting jealousy from others, cruelty from others, unfair conclusions about oursel. It was a a bitter, unsatisfied king. It's bitter, unsatisfied people that was the challenge. It's bitter people in their life. They've always been bitter and they haven't overcome it. It's those bitter people that'll take shots at you. And you know what it is? They want to make you bitter, too. And David said, "Lord, help me. Hide me. Let me run from this spirit because I may not be perfect, but I don't want to become a Saul. Can I get an amen this morning? God, help me in my character. I don't want to become a Saul. David had his mistakes. David was young. David wasn't perfect by any means, but he fought against becoming. He ran from I don't want to hang around that because I don't want to become a Saul. In the message, we have Sauls. In the message ranks, we have David's. We have Saul's. We have two different types of leadership. I trust you'll choose the Davids in your life because the under the leadership of David's, you will come into the character for a kingdom age. Can you say amen? If you're under the ministry of a Saul who has become bitter, you'll become that yourself. Thank you, Jesus. David wanted to run. I read the scriptures to you if you guys want to put them up in the back there. The scriptures what David had wanted to be delivered from. Psalm 64:2, "Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked, from the insurrection of workers of iniquity." In the amplified, it says, "Hide me from the secret counsel and conspiracy of the ungodly, from the scheming of those who do wrong." These are the things David asked, "Hide me from that." Psalms 31:15, "Deld deliver me from the hand of mine enemies and from them that persecute me." Psalms 43:1, "Oh, deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man," which means dishonest people who tell lies. Psalms 51:14, "Deliver me from blood guiltiness." What does that mean? It means guilt. In other words, deliver me from guilt. Uh David had guilt from the sin that he did. Can you say amen? David had guilt. And so if you put guilt on yourself or the devil puts guilt on you or other people in your life become professionals at laying guilt trips on you. I don't know. Maybe I need to slow down here. I I I listen. We're not supposed to live under any guilt. Calvar's delivered us from guilt. Can I get an amen? You bring it underneath the blood of God. But one thing the devil does is when something's underneath the blood of God, Satan still uses condemnation and guilt to keep a Christian defeated. Once you put it under the blood, you believe it's under the blood. It's in the sea of forgetfulness, and I will not allow a residual guilt and condemnation to hang over my life. Satan, you won't do it. That's one of the things David needed deliverance from. He said, "Deliver me from blood guiltiness." He experienced what guilt was and he asked God to deliver him. Psalms 59:1, deliver me from my enemies. Oh my God, defend me from them that rise up against me. Psalms 59:2, deliver me from the workers of iniquity and save me from bloody men. Psalms 119:134, deliver me from the oppression of man. Isn't that amazing that men other men can bring oppression? I wonder if a lot of our depression is comparing ourselves with others and other people are being allowed in our lives to make us depressed. If you struggle with depression, it might be guilt in your own life. I don't know what it is, but many times it's comparing yourself. I'm I'm a failure. I'm not doing as well as them. And it's comparisons. And David says, "Deliver me from this oppression of other men. Deliver me with comparing myself on social media with other men and other teenagers. Deliver me because what it does is it makes me oppressed. It makes me under a spirit of depression. You're not called to be under depression. Deliver me from the oppression of man, so will I keep thy precepts. Psalms 142:6, "Deliver me from my persecutors, for they are stronger than I." I don't believe in any of these scriptures. So when he says deliver me that he's saying I'm never going to have somebody persecute me again. What he's saying is God put me in that secret place that I'm not affected by the persecutors. Deliver me from my persecution. What's that mean? I never want to have anybody persecute me ever again. Lord, please. The Listen now. You in this you on you on this earth. You in this life and you want you're praying God. I never want to be persecuted again. I never want anybody to say anything bad about me again. I don't think that's what David's saying. That's not realistic. He's saying, "Deliver me from it. Deliver me from being affected by it. Put me in the secret place that I'm insulated, not isolated, but insulated from this stuff affecting my spirit." Can you give me an amen this morning? Deliverance. Sometimes deliverance. And we know for for God can deliver and deliver shared from cancer the tumor's gone. It's a physical deliverance. But in our spirit, in our emotions can sometimes we realize God taking something away. We say, "Well, God, take that away. Take that person out of my life." And sometimes it is good to distance yourself. But you'll never get out of trials and people acting like they do. You're always going to have a Saul around somewhere. So, it's not that Saul goes away, but it's Lord, I'm going to run into your secret place, and that's how I'll be delivered from it affecting me. Such a place of confidence. Such a place of peace. Such a I will not allow these emotions to go up and down by what people have said about me. Deliver me from my persecutors, for they are stronger than I. Psalms 144:11, "Rid me and deliver me from the hand of strange children whose mouth speaketh vanity and their right hand is the hand of falsehood, lies being told." Most of it, as I said last time I spoke on this, most of this is people. Some of it is his own guilt, but most of it, deliver me, and he says, "Deliver me my spirit to a secret place that my spirit will not be affected by these." David was interested in his spirit and his emotions being in a protected place all the time. Thank you. Let me say it again. David was interested in his spirit and his emotions and his soul being in a protected place all the time. When David repented after his great sin, you know what his great sin was? Adultery with Basheba. When he come back and and God said, "You're the man." And he come to full repentance. He's bringing that thing. And when he repented, you know, purge me with hissup. Let build the walls of Jerusalem. This is all in Psalms 51. And his his repentance. It wasn't just a God, I'm sorry for doing that. No, it's a full convicting repentance. purge me with hissup. God build the walls of Jerusalem and protections around my life. I would never commit adultery like that again. God so deliver me. I'd never look at that pornography again. Can I get an amen? People keep resorting back to stuff. What you need to go is to a deeper sincerity and a deeper heart that says, "God, I'm waiting on you to deal with this thing with your holy fire and that it is finished. However long it takes, I'm staying here with the altar in my heart until you see this to an end. I'll listen to every word. I'll listen to every help I can get. I'll garner all I can. But at the end of the day, Lord Jesus, you're going to have to step in and purge this. And when he repented, it was a repentance that says, "Build the walls of Jerusalem that the enemy will never come into my tower again." But one of the things he said in his repentance too, he said, "Lord, restore unto me the joy of my salvation." And it's been said, I think our prophet said it, he didn't say, "Restore my salvation." He didn't lose his salvation. He lost the joy of it. Can I get an amen? He didn't say, "I lost my" No, he didn't lose his salvation. He lost the joy of it. He's saying, "I don't want to live in these mlly grubs and under guilt. I'm asking you and repent. I've repented. I've brought it before you. Purge me with hissup. Cleanse me. Cleanse my heart, oh God. Oh God, cleanse my heart. But Lord, do something extra for me if you would." And that's restore to me the joy of my salvation. Bring me out of this cloud of guilt. Let me be happy again. Amen. Why is he praying that way? because he's not just praying that God would forgive him in his soul, but God would restore his emotions and his spirit. Yes, I love David in the Bible. I I relate my life, my life more to him than any other man. And I love his honesty. I love his truthfulness. You read the book of the book of Psalms and you read his life. He doesn't hold anything back. He's He's a worshshiper. He lifts his hands and worships and praises and shouts and dances if he has to. Even in hard times, he's a worshshiper. He's not going to let what's that song say? I never lost my I never lost my worship. I never lost my praise. I lost a lot of things, but I'm never going to lose my praise. David never lost his praise. The devil can steal a lot, but he's not going to steal my praise. And in the worst times, he praised the Lord. Anyhow, praise the Lord. I lost a lot of things, but I never lost that. And David was a worshshiper. But he was honest along with the worship, along with the praise. He was honest about the what the enemy was doing to his spirit. He was honest. I need to run somewhere. I need a safe place. I need a place that he would protect me from being affected by what people are saying, what people by the javelins being thrown at me. I need to live in that secret place. Psalms 27, our rapture scripture says that I could dwell in the house of the Lord. One thing have I desired to dwell in that house of the Lord every day of my life. Every day of my life. Can I get an amen? Every day of my life. Not just at camp meeting every year. Brother Ram says we got camp meeting people that go from camp to camp and they get built up then they go down built up. We don't want to be camp meeting people every day. We want to stay built up and live in that secret place. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He was honest and that's why I love it so much. But he restore unto me not the my salvation with the joy but and then he says renew a right spirit within me. That's what he said in his repentance. Renew a right spirit. Don't let my spirit stay under Satan's guilt. Don't let me let people defeat me and go into depression for weeks and I'm on the couch with my three gallons of ice cream vegging because somebody's done it again and you just plunge to the depths. Lord Jesus, put me in a place that my spirit is not affected, but I'm in constant fellowship with you. And it doesn't matter what goes on in this world outside. I'm living within the inner veil. Praise the Lord. David was interested in his spirit and his emotions be in a protected place. You can't change things in life. You can't change people. But we can run into his presence and stay refreshed in our soul and in our spirit facing another day with love for everyone. I would want somebody to sing that song. There is a quiet place free from the rapid pace of the world and the last lyrics says to face a new day coming out of that place face a new day with love for all mankind that's the result that you get is a greater divine love for people instead of hatred instead of being afraid instead of them affecting you and making you depressed you walk out of that inner court with more love of God, even if they have a tattoo, I don't condemn those people. I pray for them. Says in our text, be my strong habitation where I continually resort. Well, the first meaning to resort is a place that is a popular destination for vacations or recreation or which is frequented for a particular purpose. So that's resort. Us Americans are familiar with that word term for resort. We go to resorts sometimes and uh we're we're familiar with that term. And I just want to make a note about Jonah again. Uh when he went he was supposed to go to Nineveh. He went to Tarsus. I was kind of wondering if that was a why did he go to Tarsus? Well, one reason is it's one of the farthest points that he could be away from Nineveh. And it reminds me of our lives when we're running from the presence of the Lord or running from what we need to face. We position ourselves just as far away as we can from the body of Christ, from the presence of the Lord, from preachers who are preaching us truth, whether we like it or not. When we run, we position ourselves quite a ways away. It says about Tarsus, it was a far away and exotic place for the ancient Israelites. At least they thought it was exotic. It was out the Mediterranean. And uh Kirstston, is your mom and dad back yet from the Med Mediterranean cruise? They're not, man. They going to stay there for life or five more days. Okay. You were there too, weren't you? Wow. Nice. Nice cruise. Hopefully I can go someday. But when you're in Israel and you're looking over at this Mediterranean area, it was a bit to Israelites who had never been there, they heard about it. It was an exotic place. And Jonah's thinking, first of all, I'm not going to the Nvites. I don't like them. I don't think they'll repent. I don't even want them to repent. Talk about an attitude. They're Gentiles. I'm a Jew and I don't even have a care for it. And that's interesting that God gave him the commission to go to the Ninevites. God can send us where we don't want to go to test our character. This guy, he chose the farthest point. It's that the location of Tarsus was the farthest point imaginable from Jonah's homeland. He chose the farthest location. Boy, I think of situations after 30 years of people choosing as far away from the message as they can choose. You're running from something. But you didn't run from yourself. When you move there, you took yourself with you. Oh, come on now. I I know some of you don't like me, but I'm going to say it. People think that a move is going to solve their problems. People think that moving somewhere geographically all their problems will go away, and then they discover, no, they're all still here. Because why? The the baggage that you need to unload for a trip is the baggage within you. But I'm a message believer. I've loved the prophet. I loved him for years. I'm not talking about a love for the prophet or a love for Jesus Christ. I'm talking about the baggage that's within you. You take it with you. And Jonah even took it with him to Tarsus. It says the contrast between Nineveh and Tarsus was vast. Nineveh was located east of the Tigress River in a modern-day Iraq. It was more than 500 miles east of Jonah's hometown. So that's Nineveh. It was only 500 miles east. So if you're here, uh where am I at here? I'm in Okay, I'm in Petersburg, Michigan. So that's west and this is east. So now if he were to go to Na, it was only Nineveh was only 500 miles away. So Tarsus stood west 2500 miles from Israel in the opposite direction of Nineveh and Jonah paid his fair on that cruise. The farthest way he could get from the responsibility of coming to an altar say I surrender. Let me tell you something. If you are a son of God, I don't care what you've done. I don't care where you've been. I don't care how many years of trash that's been in your life. You may think you're a good person, but at the end of the day, our righteousness as filthy rags, but if you're a son and daughter of God, you'll either come hard or you come easy. But all the father hath given me in my hand, they're going to come. You can run 2500 miles away. And what Jonah found, I guess it was this way, 2500 miles. And what Jonah found is when he was in the boat, God was in the boat. God was on the cruise with him. When he was in the fish, God was in the fish. Why? Because he was a son of God. You can't go 5,000 miles away. God's got your number. He's going to draw you back. He's going to get a hold of you. He's got a fish. Can you say amen? He's got a boat and guys are going to kick you out of the boat and you're going, "What's wrong? My career's not working here." Because you're running from God. You're running from something. Is anybody getting things out of this this morning? We are prone to run, but God's got our number. He'll find where we're at. And Jonah chose, I never knew this before till I studied it last night, 2500 miles west, the furthest city that he had heard is kind of exotic, could be a vacation area, could have a pool. He chose the furthest. It was the most remote destination available to Jonah. Jonah was trying to put as much distance as he could between himself and the Ninevites. Praise the Lord. Like I said about Jonah, he sure gives us a lot of sermons, but Bram says he's a type of us all. The other meaning to resort is, listen to this. Now, this is what I really want to get to. Even though I had a lot of fun with the first meaning to resort. Here's another meaning to resort. The action of turning to or adopting a strategy, especially a disagreeable or undesirable one, so as to resolve a difficult situation. So resort means is that you adopt a strategy or a place or a course of action. You found the answer what you need to do and all of it is to try to resolve a difficult situation. You're resolving it your own way like Jonah tried to do. I it's the action of turning to adopting a strategy of course of action especially a disagreeable or undesirable one as to resolve a difficult situation. I think that's amazing. I think in our human nature, we do that. We turn to the wrong thing. We choose our escapes to a difficult situation or we choose our escapes from our past. We run from our past. But David said, "Let your habitation be my continual resort." Lord, let your habitation of the rock and the the rock and the and the strong place and the secret place, let me continually continually resort to there. It's my default place that I go to. I go to prayer. I go to quiet with the Lord. I commune with the Lord. I talk with him. He talks to me. This secret place isn't a geographical place. It's not even just at this church. In the secret of his dwelling place, we go there to run from. If we're going to run, this is where we run. The world, you see, the world, they're the ones to resort to everything other than the Lord. Why do you want to be that way? The world in their trouble, when they run, they run to every other answer than the Lord. That should not be true with us. Can you say amen? That should not be true with believers. We We shouldn't run to the same things they do. We shouldn't spend countless hours swinging up and down in our phone because we're emotionally unstable. That's what they do. We shouldn't spend countless hours and veging on movies and everything else. Most of them not even appropriate for a Christian to watch. But it's an escape. It calms my nerves, does it? When we're choosing, even Jesus said, he said, "If I love only my the people that I like and my friends, aren't we like the publicans? They love and invite the people over that they just want to invite and ignore the other ones." He said, "Aren't we just acting like we're not supposed to act like the world? We're not like the world." So in this way, we shouldn't be choosing our default things that we run from trouble. We run from things. We shouldn't be choosing the same things. And if you're 25, 30, 35 years old and you've been choosing that for years, I'm here as a gospel minister to say, "I love you." But you can keep choosing it until you're 60. You can go back into that thing you think is relieving your nerves, but I think it's time to look at where you're running to. Well, I'm a believer. I'm in this message. I I look and and I talk spiritual things and all that. No, no, no, no, no. You yourself keep running to something that might be weakening you and that. But you see, our default place needs to be the Lord. I'm not against a decent movie. You know that. I teach that as a pastor. But the problem in our generation, it becomes the escape. Oh, I watch only good stuff. Well, if you're watching 50 hours a week, something's wrong. That's true. Maybe even 10 hours a week, maybe 5 hours a week. Something's definitely off in your life. There's a there's a Christian uh man named CJ Williams, and I'm going to wrap it up with this. I tell you, there's been such a I I don't know if everybody's tired, but I I should have asked for that sign from Brother Diggs that says, "Amen." I've never resorted to that in my whole life. But pastors learn after many years, if you're listening, if you're taking it in, I've had people that are allowed to say ameners, but they didn't get it. Hopefully, some of you are getting it this morning. I don't want this to be a just a sermon. I laid at this altar last night. I said, "Oh, God, we don't need any more sermons. We need the glory of God to come down into the temples. We need people's lives changed." I stayed here an hour and prayed. I said, "God, change me if you have to. Whatever needs to be done, this is a late hour. People's lives. We don't need to waste time." What's it what's the name of your song, Sister Sherry? That ministered to us as well. We never want to let it become common to us. His presence and what he's speaking to you, right? Our Lord Jesus, I believe, is speaking right now. Don't make me the enemy. I'm just the messenger. CJ Williams has really narrowed this down that a way that I like to three things. He summarized this well. Three things. And he made the point. He said unbelievers and the world when they run into this these type of three types of trouble, he said they run a certain way. But we Christians, we're to run and flee to Christ. But the pro the trouble is the same. And he narrows it down to three basic things. He said, "Here are three things that unbelievers want to get away from it all. And they they'll get vacations and they all these other things and and they want to run from it all into their alcohol, into this, into social media. They're they're running from what? Three things here." But the things that we should these are things that should move us to flee to Christ and find our hiding place in him. That's how we should react to this. And the first thing is worry. The first trouble is worry. This includes all of the whatifs. Now, I want you to listen closely because I'm closing, but don't miss these parts. This includes all the whatifs that we entertain all the time. What if the bad possibilities we play out in our minds and all the variables of life that we cannot control fear is a powerful force of the enemy. Fear of the future. Fear of things that haven't even happened yet. And guess what? Probably 95% of them don't ever happen. But you played it out in your mind as if it was going to happen. I got some of your number. I got my number this morning. I hope you're going to say, "Amen." Listen, Satan uses worry and fear of things that's never even happened yet. It's the devil and the world has it. And this is how they react. I thought I would I've only got these up. Don't tell anybody in the message I'm using these emojis, but I know I got the children's attention. I got the teenagers attention. I got all your attention through this. This relates worry isn't it? He says this is all the whatifs that we entertain, the bad possibilities we play out our minds and all the variables of life that we cannot control. If you feel overcome by worry, hide yourself in the Lord. He said hide yourself in the Lord. Be still in his presence. Find comfort in the truth of his word and recognize that your life is hidden with Christ in God. Where are we running to? We're running to that secret place with what our worry. We don't react like this. I should have had a happy emoji. I tried to find one with a roof over it because you're in that pavilion with God with a happy content face. This how the world reacts. That's not how we should react. The next thing, I hope you're writing these down in your mind or in your notes. Three things. Worry. The next thing is conflict. If you are at odds with someone and you find yourself angry and fed up, I know none of you people in literal live church every has felt this way about someone. So, just try to act like you understand this. If you are at odds with someone and you find yourself angry and fed up, you don't need to stew over the situation and plot your next move. You need the guidance of the Lord and the spiritual composure to re-engage the problem with the grace and love that comes from the Holy Ghost. Before you go back to that person, first go hide yourself in the Lord. Because if you don't run and hide yourself in the Lord, you're putting on the boxing gloves. I need Brother Diggs here. We get mad at conflict in life and we put the boxing gloves on. Take the gloves off. Take the gloves off. You say, "Well, I did, but you sure got a sharp tongue speaking against people." So, you got the boxing glove still on. You're just using your tongue to do it. You're sending something back. They sent missiles and you sent missiles back on social media. Oh Lord, I pray you'd deliver me from this position someday and let somebody else do it because it's not fun to tell it like it is. It's not fun. But you put on your boxing gloves when conflict comes the world I watched it in the in the store the other day. There's no Holy Ghost there. There's not even any courtesy for people. Someone crosses them and there's a conflict, they they're ready to go at it. It escalates pretty quickly. If you're at odds with someone, you find yourself angry and fed up. You don't need to stew over the situation. Plot your next move. You need the guidance of the Lord and the spiritual composure to re-engage the problem with grace and love that comes from the Holy Ghost. Before you go back to that person, first go hide yourself in the Lord. You got to address a situation. You better hide yourself in the Lord. And brother Brandham says before you go talk to the people about God, talk to God about the people. The last one is weariness. What do we have as an emoji for weariness? Do you have that one? This may be another pandemic around us. People are busy and people are too busy which makes them weary in body, weary in spirit, weary in emotion, on edge, burning their candle at both end, on edge, ready to bite back. You'll find this under the messages five times preach letting off the pressure. And brother Bram in the 1960s is identifying a problem in our society. People are under so much pressure. They boil over and they start reacting. And he said this pressure makes unbelievers act this way, can make believers act this way. No one is exempt from it because why? The pressure don't change. The pressure is there. But what changes is how we deal with the pressure. And he's in that letting off the pressure. And he's saying talking about running today. There was cities of refuge that when the hounds of hell were running after, they could run into the city of refuge. Run to a place to let off the pressure. He's once again he's pointing to that place. This may be another pandemic. People are busy, too busy, and too tired from being too busy. We need to do better at focusing on what is really truly important. But the fact is that if you seek to be faithful and diligent in your calling, you will have a busy life. God designed it that way, but also gave us himself as a hiding place. If you ever find yourself feeling just plain tired, hide yourself in Christ. This might be as just as basic as you can get this morning. But these are three main things he's narrowed it down to. And everyone, the answer is that hiding place in Christ. Go there first. You know what you're going to find? He's going to relieve the worry. He's going to relieve the conflict. He's going to relieve the weariness in your spirit. Can you say amen? Where do we run? Where do you run to? Where do you resort to? Is it the rock? Is it the fortress? Is it the secret place of his tabernacle? Are we hiding oursel in him? Brother Bram says, "And the man who lives in the presence of God under the veil lives in the shikana glory. I don't care if the storms are raging, whether the clouds or the moon don't shine or the stars don't shine, whether the candlesticks goes out, that doesn't matter. He's living in the shakana glory, the glory of God under the power of the Holy Ghost. Later he says he had not a worry in the world. Everything was taken care of. God was over him, listening to him praise and answering his prayer. Not only that, but he's living right in the presence of the king. God in the shikana glory. Every time anything would start up like that. It couldn't get to him. He wouldn't listen to it. He couldn't. The wines of the world was on the outside. If you ever come into Christ, my friend, ever to into a place where the world is dead, where the whole whether your children are this, whether your mother is this way, your daddy said this, whether your pastor said that, whether the doctor said this or that, you don't even hear it. You live only in the shakana glory. Walking and living in the presence of the king. Every day is sweet in your soul. My all is well. All is well. others. Nothing can harm you. Oh, what a place. Later he says, "Let my neighbors gossip. Let me this, that, or the other be gone." I go to church for one thing. That's to stay in your presence. Isn't it amazing? The song this morning is right in line with this. I'm not going to take his presence for granted. I go to church. He says, I go to church for one thing. That's to stay in your presence. I am moved in there, Lord. I never desire to leave again. I'll trust your word, what you say. There is where I want to be. Drop the veils around me, Lord, that I could only see Jesus alone and live and walk and die in him. Oh God, hide me in that place. Hide me over in that place where all the veils will drop and I'll see nothing but Jesus himself. I don't want to hear I don't want to hear the fantastics of the world. Can you imagine somebody saying that to the Lord in his prayer? I don't even want to hear the fantastics of the world. What's big to the world? I don't care anymore. Numb my ears. May my ears deaf. Put me in such a place that I don't even want to hear that anymore. I don't want to hear the fantastics of the world. I don't care whether they got atomic bombs, whether they got a jet plane, whether the new Chevrolets look better than the Buicks. Isn't it amazing? Or what year are we in here? 1956. And isn't it amazing? He's saying the stuff that attracts Americans and worries Americans and attracts Americans. Is it the Buick or the Ford? If I asked for a vote, would we be had a bunch of Ford hands here even today? If I asked between Ohio State and Michigan, I'm not going to do that right now. But, you know, we we have all of our stuff. And he's pegging it back in 1956. And it's worse today. This is the stuff that we let our minds be on all the time. And he's saying, "When I'm in that place, I don't care about the fantastics of the world." Somebody told me the other day, we need to stop listening to the news. Now, I don't mind keeping up, but if you stay on there all the time, I'm not making a new rule here. I can't find this in black and white. Don't listen to the news in the Bible. I'm talking to people who want to live in that secret place. So, they make a decision. If I listen to that all the time, my heart's gripped with fear. He said, "I don't want to hear about the atomic bombs." And we're there again. You know, there was a retired couple, and this a true story I read last night. There was a retired couple many years ago. Can't remember the year now, but they they started to get fearful at the end of their life of the atomic bombs and the wars. So they did their research and they were going to find all the habited places in the whole world and find the best place they could be in the case of an atomic. They did all their research, sold their home, f found the the um Falcon Islands was the place to go and sold everything and their church. They went to a church and they went and moved there. And that's right when the Argentina went to war with somebody and the main place of the war was on those islands after they moved there and there was a threat of nuclear there. We can come up with all the plans we want. And guess what I was thinking about? Because they wrote a letter back postcard from before it happened to the pastor say, "God bless you. We enjoyed all your years of ministry. We've retired down here because we feel this is a safer place. God bless you. Maybe you can come and visit sometime. Thank you for all your years of preaching. You know what I thought of? They ran away and their safe place was preached to them every Sunday. Amen. And they sold all their stuff to move somewhere they thought was going to be safe. And I'm preaching to you and the gospel ministers are preaching to you a place that's safe from nuclear war. Praise the Lord. Whether his new Chevrolets look better than the Buicks, it doesn't matter. The thing of it is I'm walking and living with Christ daily. And I've died to self and the veils are dropped around and I am in he in he and he in me. Let the storms rage. My anchor holds within the veil. Can't tell you why I have a lot of storms on these seas of of this day. But thankful for an anchor that holds steadfast within the veil. When she's rocking and looks like every move would send her to the bottom, yet my anchor is in the veil. I've anchored in the veil. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I'll fear no wind or wave. I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock of ages. Amen. God, help us this morning to enter into that inner life. Quit staying out here where you're tossed about by every wind of doctrine, everything that comes along. Quit staying out there. I'm inviting you to a secret place in Jesus Christ. And in that place, we can sing. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. Fear no wind or way. I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to say. I've anchored in the rock of aes. [Music] I've anchored the storm. Let's stand together. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind, no way. Well, I've anchored in Jesus, for he hath power to save. I've anchored in the rock of Just raise the key a little bit. First verse upon lies boundless ocean where mighty billows row I fix my hope in Jesus. Bless anchor of my soul. When trials fierces him, as storms are gathering on, I rest upon his mercy and trust him more. Oh, I anchor in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored. I feel no wind. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I've anchored in the rock. That's where I want you to be this morning, all of us. Who keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice has still the one and their toes. my pilot and deliverer to him I all can find for always when I need he's at amen where I make in Jesus the storms of life [Music] no way I've anchored in Jesus For he has power to say, "Well, I've anchored in the rock of aes." He is my friend and savior. In him, my anchor. He drives away my sorrows and shields me from. Hallelujah. By faith, I'm looking upward beyond life's trouble. See, and there I behold prepare for me. [Music] Oh Jesus. [Music] Yes, I've anchored for he has found. I've anchored in the rock of aes. Hallelujah. John Wesley said one time, he says, "I go alone to a quiet place and pray to the Lord by myself." And he says, "God sets me on fire. I catch on fire." He says, "Then I come out of that place and everybody comes and watches me burn. for the Lord. That's what we get out of that. And that's where that song came from. I've been touched by a fire, so let the world come and watch me burn. That's where it came from. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it to everyone. I've been touched by a fire. I've been touched by your fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it to everyone. [Music] I don't know what the first verse is. So give me the first verse and before we pray, we're dismissed. A little bit higher. Jesus blinded all my darkness. You sparked my heart within. His grace and mercy let a passion consume my sin. Now like a city on a hill. I'll shine through the night. I am a lamp made for his glory. I will not hide. Amen. Oh, I've been touched by fire to let the world. Oh, shout. Shouting to everyone who this love will never be extinguished. Live and wild and free. I'm taken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit. Oh, his spirit in me. Oh, I've been touched by the fire to let the world. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's give our Lord praise. Lord Jesus, set us on fire, Lord. Next of glory. Praise be to God. God bless you. Let's pray together. If you have a need, just lift your hand and you want to come forward. We'll be glad to lay hands on you. My heart is to be in this secret place. My heart is to live there all the time. I trust that's your desire this morning. Think about, pray about the things that have been said today as we just live in the closing seconds of time. This is the place in Christ that he's called us to live from. Thank you, Lord. Heavenly Father, we close this service, Lord. We put what has been said in your hands. If it's your word, it can't return void. It'll bring forth fruit. It'll whisper secrets just to a bride. Not the flirters, not just the people are flirting with the Lord Jesus, but your wife, the bride, you're whispering secrets to her. Lord, if that's the case, and we've heard some of those things today, and you're drawing us away as the Song of Solomon, it says there, "Come away, my love. Come away." You're drawing us. you're calling us because the bride is your loved one. Lord, your the bride is your wife, your the one that you've called, the one you've chosen to be your little elect lady. And Lord, when Solomon said, "Come away, my love," we hear that voice. Come away from the busyiness. Come away from the trouble. come away from your past and be alone with me so that you could receive the strength that you need to face the coming days. Grant it for Father we pray and let all things Lord that are in our lives that we can't figure out. I have many of them now Lord I I do not understand some things. We put them in your hands today. We cast all of our cares and burdens on you. We cast our worries on you. Not going to try to figure it out. Lord, we're going to live in a place by your grace that we be stabilized. We only have one answer to every situation and that's divine love. Grant it my Lord. May you continue to minister to your precious people. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Let's shake hands with one another in Christian love. Feel such a good presence of the Lord here. Do hardly want to leave. Hardly want to leave. There is a quiet place. There is a secret place. Blessed be his name. God bless you all. I've been touched by your fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. [Music] Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till he Oh, I've been touched by the fire that the world Oh, shadow the rock and what have I been touched by the fire? I need help world come and watch me burn. [Music] Shout it from the roof. I want to do the anchor holes. Everyone has heard the anchor hold though the ship is battered. All the anor [Music] I have fallen on my knees as I face the Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. [Music] Though the ship was matter an [Music] I for on my knees. As I face the raging seas, the anchor hold in spite of the storm the anchor hold [Music] the shame. is better. The aer home [Music] though the sails are torn. I have fallen on my knees. As I face the raging seas, the anor hold [Music] of the stor. [Music] And I never lost my hope. Oh, I never lost my joy. [Music] I never lost my faith. But most of all, [Music] I never lost my praise. Oh, I never lost my hope. Oh no, I never lost my joy. I never lost my faith. But most of all, [Music] most of all, I never lost my praise. My praise still. My praise still. I've lost I've lost some good friends a long life way some love ones departed in heaven to stay but thank God I did lose everything. Oh, I've lost faith in people who said they care. In the time of my crisis, they were never there. But in my disappointments, in my season of pain, one thing never waver, one thing never change. Oh, I never lost my hope. Hallelujah. Oh, I never lost my joy. My joy I never lost my faith. But most of all, most of all, I never lost my praise, my praise, and my praise. still be my praise still here. I've let some blessings Oh, I've let some blessings just slip away. Oh, I've lost my focus and went astray. But thank God I didn't lose everything. Oh, and I've lost possessions that were so dear. Oh, I've lost some battles by walking in fear. But in the midst of my struggle, in my season of pain, one thing never wavered, one thing never changed. [Music] I never lost my home. No, I never lost I never lost my joy. Oh, I never lost my faith. But most of all, [Music] I never lost my friend. See, I never lost I never lost my hope. No, no, no. Oh, I never lost my joy. [Music] I never lost my faith. But most of all, [Music] I never lost my praise. My praise and my praise still here. My praise is still here. Oh my still my praise still. Oh, I never lost my hope. Oh. Oh. I never lost my joy. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I never lost my faith. But most of all, [Music] I never lost my bra. Oh. [Music]
