################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - 2025.05.11 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Final Forming Of The Image Of The Beast - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   2025.05.11 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Final Forming Of The Image Of The Beast
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtrZMd3gpDk
========================================

Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] A man of sorrows tears. in. Oh, how I love you. How I my friend, my [Music] son, my only [Music] The great [Music] creator he came my [Music] savior dwelling in Amen. Praise the Lord. You may stand to your feet this morning now worship the Lord. Jason, you want to say prayer this morning before we start? Gracious heavenly father, thank you for this day that you have made for bringing us all here today on this beautiful day that you've made. Lord, thank you for all that you've done. Amen. Amen. If can get the first verse of that song, can sing it together. [Music] became my savior now from his glory and all God's fullness dwelling in nothing's [Music] glory from his glory. [Music] Glory ever leaving [Music] story. My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. [Music] Morning a [Music] manger to exone a [Music] strange a man of sorrows, tears, pain and this worship together this morning. [Music] Oh, [Music] how [Music] I break my soul to my Lord. [Music] The great [Music] creative in all [Music] gospel dwelling. in me. Second verse. [Music] Verse. What [Music] kind bringing us redemption that in the dead of night? [Music] Not one faint holding sound. Oh God gracious a tender spirit. Oh, laid [Music] aside came down to a level to bring to save my [Music] soul. Oh, how I Oh, how I have [Music] glory my [Music] friend. These are [Music] all the [Music] great myior your in all God's [Music] holiness dwelling in all God's fullness. Oh god. Oh, dwell in him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hey, amen. To give you a round hand clap of praise to the Lord Jesus this morning. Amen. Amen. All God's goodness dwelleth in us. Amen. He He's leaving us right now. Amen. Praise the Lord. Go ahead and and welcome somebody to the house of Lord this morning and tell them you're welcome to ask the Lord this morning. One, two, three people. [Music] Amen. Woke me up this morning, gave me a testimony. I've got a reason so many more. Done so much for me. He gave me a victory to have a reason to praise the Lord. Oh, w me up this morning. Gave me a test. Let me head this morning. I have got a reason so many more. Oh so much for me to have a reason to praise the Lord. I thank the Lord for my blessing. He blesses all all the earth for all the ways he has kept me. I can't forget how you save my soul. Praise the Lord. You want me just [Music] so [Music] much to praise the [Music] Lord. I thank the Lord. He's faithful. [Music] And [Music] when [Applause] you said this We [Music] [Applause] [Music] want the victory [Music] Oh, I have a reason so many so much for me. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. I have a reason to praise my Lord. Even I don't feel like giving a reason, but I have a reason. Cuz I know he's always working on the behind the scene. Always. Even when I'm I'm tired and I don't see anything now and the future looks fleek, I have a reason to praise the Lord. But Abraham said, "Even if he puts me to hell, I'll still praise him." Amen. I have arisen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me leave my voice. Tears will pass home at last. ever to rejoice as I journey through the land singing has I go souls to Calary to the king many hours my soul from without my lord [Music] me to see his They sing forever. I'll sing their praise on the streets of pouring. Let me lift my voice. All my kids are pass to rejoice. When the surface my dark may be the night, but I couldn't walk close to him. He won't give my light. my turn to follow my [Music] please [Music] forever on the streets of glory my voice all my years of At last heaven to rejoice when in balance I look towards the mountain high and behold my savior there leading he's always in the right hand I streng the valley low and he's me I can see I go oh what to Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] feel I want to see the street to sing forever on the streets of my voice. All my fears of past at last ever to [Music] rejoice. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's always leading in the fight. Amen. He's the Lord of hosts, the captain of the host, and that gives me assurance. Amen. You may be seated, everybody. We'll sing this song and then the Lightning Sisters should prepare for this special. The Lightning Sisters. Yeah. After this song will happen. My life is in your hands. I think you have [Music] F. You don't have to [Music] worry. And don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles don't last always. For there is a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I [Music] know. I know that I can stand. [Music] No matter what they call my way, my life is in your hands. So when you [Music] test, they seem to get you down. And all your friends and lovers, they're nowhere to be found. Remember there's a friend in Jesus who will watch. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what become my own with Jesus I can make it this morning. Oh Jesus with him alone I can say no matter will come my [Applause] way my life. One more time with Jesus. Oh Jesus with him all I can [Music] see. No matter what may come. No music clown. I know I can make it. I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand no matter what may come my way. My life is in the earth. With Jesus, I can make it. Oh, with Jesus I can make. I can take it. Oh, with him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Before the special um this morning, we come to church this morning and then we were having a good time and then we just remembered my brother-in-law and it was it was a very sad situation this morning. Well, you know what? Jesus is there for us. I told my wife, I said, "You went to rest." And I know some of us have different situations and loved ones you've lost and people who you what they in hard and they are not here anymore. And once in a while you have that grief. But you know in all the situations that we go through, Jesus is with us. And I want to tell you this morning, we can make it. Amen. God bless [Music] you. There's torn up pages in this book. Words that tell me I'm no good. chapters that defined me for so long. But the hands of grace and endless love dusted off and picked me up told my heart that hope is never gone. God is in this story. And God is in the details. Even in the broken parts, he holds my heart. He never fails. When I'm at my weakest, I will trust in Jesus. Always in the highs and lows, the one who moves before me. God is in this [Music] [Applause] story. So if the storm you're walking through feels like it's too much, you wonder if he even cares at all. Well, hold on tight to what you know. He's promised he won't let you go. Your song of feelings written in his scars. God is in this story. God is in the details. Even in the broken parts, he holds. He never fails. When I'm at my weakest, I will trust in Jesus. Always in the highest, the one who rose before me. God is in this story. and he carries like addiction. He carries like disease. He's the one who fears a prisoner. He's the healer of all things. There is oppression. There is broken home. He's the one who holds your sorrow. He won't leave you here alone. Oh, God is in this story. God is in the details. Even in the broken parts, he holds my heart. He never fails. When I'm at my weakest, I will trust in Jesus. Always in the highs and lows. The one who goes before me. God is in this story. Oh, God is in my story. In this story, God is in this story. God is in this story. God is in your story. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. How many you raise your hands? I've lived that out. God is in my story. You know, I'd appreciate about these girls singing it, too. It's not just a song. They're living that out and they know it to be true. Praise be to God. There's nothing like that to have it truly being lived out. God bless you as you give in your tithes and offerings this morning. Well, praise the Lord. God bless you all. And just before we go into the word, I want to say how much I appreciate all the mothers this morning. all that you do and all of us husbands and fathers and children want to honor you for all that you do today. There's not enough that we could do. We have a gift for you. So, make sure after church you go into the the fellowship hall and pick that up. Just a little gift of token of our appreciation. But I wonder if you'd all stand all the moms. And uh I'm going to let the scripture say it because it says it best um in honor and how much the worth is of these precious sisters. So we want to do that out of Proverbs 31 today. And we'll just read it and let the scripture speak for itself how much we should honor a woman of virtue. Amen. Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies. So all you can remind the husbands of your worth and maybe there'll be some rubies there for you. The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her so that he shall have no need of spoil. She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life. She seeketh wool and flax and workketh willingly with her hands. She is like the merchant ships. She bringeth her food from afar. She riseth also while it is yet night and giveth meat to her household and a portion to her maidens. She considerth a field and buyth it with the fruit of her hands. She she planteth a vineyard. She girthth her loins with strength and strengthen her ar strengtheth her arms. She perceiveth that her merchandise is good. Her candle goeth not out by night. She layeth her hands to the spindle and her hands hold the the staff. I'm getting tired just reading all of this. The scripture expresses it. You know, this is just a window in all that these sisters do. She stretcheth out her out her hand to the poor. Yay, she reacheth forth her hands to the needy. She's not afraid of the snow for her household, for all her household are clothed with scarlet. She maketh herself coverings of tapestry. Her clothing is silk and purple. For her husband is known in the gates, when he siteth among the elders of the land. She maketh fine linen, and sellth it, and deliverth girdles from the uh unto the merchant. Strength and honor are her clothing, and she shall rejoice in time to come. She openeth her mouth with wisdom, and her tongue is the law of kindness. She lookth well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness. Her children arise up and call her blessed. Her husband also, and he praiseth her. Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excelst them all. Favor is deceitful, and beauty is vain, but a woman that fearth the Lord, she shall be praised. Amen. Give her the fruit of her hands, and let her own works praise her in the gates. Mamas, thank you for all that you have done, all that you're doing. Thank you. Praise God. There's not enough praise given in this generation, in this culture to the moms and what they do. The fifth gospel, Brother Brandham said, teaching those children the wisdom of God and all that you do. Thank you once again and make sure you get your gift. Heavenly Father, bless these precious women today. Lord, in a world where we know that there's many forsaking their children and many don't want to have children. But Lord, here we have some moms that have given u countless hours, Lord. And I know that most of her reward as a godly mom will be on the other side. I know you'll reward them. But today, we just want to say thank you. We want to say we how much we appreciate these women in our lives and how they have touched our lives. And Lord, those of us had a godly mom who taught us the principles. Lord, my mother's here today. I'm thankful to have her. And Lord, much that I am is because of her molding of the character and her the things that she taught us in her life and her words. So Lord, we appreciate them. We pray you'll give them an extra special blessing today and in the year coming. We give them to you Lord and for their protection, their health and their strength. Lord, may they feel appreciated from you today as well. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Uh husbands and fathers remember give her the fruits of her hands. Give her something. Give her something. Amen. Let's give them one more hand. Appreciate these pictures. Praise the Lord. I thought I was so special this morning. I brought my wife's card into her while she was still in bed and she woke up and I gave her the card and I thought I picked out such a neat card because you open it and there's certain doors you open and the first one says, "You're a great wife. I love you. You're a great mom." And you keep opening the doors until finally it says, "I love you." I thought, "This is perfect." Well, there was another door that I didn't see. And when you open that last door, it's a rock song. Yes. Sorry, I didn't notice that was there, hun. I don't know. Something like, "Baby, I love you. You're my girl." or something like that. Maybe I should check the Christian section for cards a little bit better than that. We got a good laugh out of it, though, for sure. Would you stand with me and we'll go to the word this morning. And God bless you each one. Once again, we appreciate all of you, Brother Michael, and uh Brother John, Sister Laura, for your labors in the gospel, spreading the gospel. God bless you for it. Amen. Let's turn, if you would, to Revelations chapter 13. And uh knowing the time and knowing some of you taking your moms to lunch today or however you have plans, we'll be mindful of that today. And uh we're just going to read Revelations 13 here and talk a little bit about the final forming of the image of the beast. Now, just wanted to welcome all of our visitors. I know we have quite a few. Um my friend Lisa Freriedman is in town. It's good to have you, Lisa. And uh God bless you. And all the other ones that are visiting, God bless you. I know looks like Kelly's uh Yeah, he's What was his name again? Greg. Nice to have you, Greg. God bless you. We welcome all of you to the house of the Lord this morning. We trust you'll feel um included and feel safe and feel that you can come into the presence of the Lord and whatever need that you have, you can say, "Lord, here's here's where I'm at." And I believe the Lord can take you where you're at and take you where you need to be. Revelations 13, I'm not going to read the whole chapter, but the first part of chapter 13 is deals with a beast coming out of the sea. And I trust by the help of the Lord I can break this down a little bit this morning. The book of Revelations is in symbols and we don't understand it unless the Lord reveals it um particularly through prophets and and opens the word to us. So we trust that even the children will be able to understand these important things in the times we live in. Revelations chapter 13 until about verse 10 speaks of the beast that rises out of the sea which is a power. But uh significant to us is when it picks it up in uh chapter 13 and verse 11, it is speaking about our country, the United States. And the reason is is because this beast comes out of the earth. So I'm going to begin reading and and I won't comment too much now. We'll get into breaking it down in a little bit. Verse 11, I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth. And he had two horns like a lamb and he spake as a dragon. So it rises as a lamb. Our country rose in its innocence and two horns of the civil and ecclesiastical power that it had. It was in simplicity. We came to America. We actually came here for freedom of worship to get away from systems of religion that were so overpowering. And we traveled over here. And so this was a young thing. But you notice now the the quick transitions in the scripture that it it was a lamb and then then it begins to speak as a dragon. And he exercisth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth, and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the uh dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell in the earth, that they should make an image to the beast which had the wound by a sword and did live. So now what plays out is that there's an encouragement to form an image to that first beast back there uh in another country and we'll get into that but this is to form an image to that beast within our own country and he had power to give life under the image of the beast that the image of the beast should both speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. Whoa, wait a minute. This is not just an innocent thing. It has such power to it that it actually wants to kill those who don't agree with it. Verse 16, it causes all small and great, rich and poor, free and bond to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name. Wow. Here comes a a force and a pressure to join this thing that you can't buy or sell unless you join this thing. So, it's not just an innocent thing. It has a spirit of force behind it and a system. And unless you become a part of that system, you can't buy or sell and you could be killed. Here is wisdom. Let him have understanding. Count the number of the beast for it is the number of a man and his number is 6003 score and six. May the Lord add his blessings to the word this morning. Heavenly Father, we pray that you would anoint us, Father, to speak of the some of the current events and some of the things that are taking place in before our eyes. And we pray you'll encourage each one including the children, every age group, Lord, that we would receive something out of your word and eyesight today to be able to look into those things, Father, that we've been blessed, our eyesight to see, that we could know how to stand as Christians in this hour. That we could know our stability is in the word of God, Lord. that we would not be swayed by the nervousness of the instability of the times we live in, but to know that prophecy is being fulfilled and the coming of the Lord is at hand. We rest in that, Father, and we pray that you'll help us to understand it better. We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless. You may be seated. A couple of the events this week have uh raised high alert. And if you're on a little bit of social media, I'm not. I'm a part of some ministers chats and things, but uh the events this week have certainly raised some high alerts in the hearts of believers. And uh it it sure seems like another step towards prophecy. And that's why this morning I'd like to take this time. I know it seems a little strange to speak on these things, but it's relevant right now of what's taking place in the news. And so, I want to address and post the church on some things. And every believer uh should have an interest in knowing where we're at, uh knowing the time we live in. And that when we take small movements closer to things being fulfilled, every believer should have an interest in that. Not not to put us in a scare because when I heard some of these things this week and heard how they fit some of the uh the things that the prophet has said, when I heard it, it didn't make me afraid at all. It made me rejoice. Can you say amen? How many felt the same way? I'm not afraid of it at all. I say, even so, come quickly, Lord Jesus. That's what I said. said that's what one of my sons said as well. And so these things are when we see another step towards prophecy being fulfilled. Uh you know I think it's a great thing to believers and and God you know I want to say this first today I'm not here to interpret anything because God has not left us here as interpreters of the word. Uh we we always say these things could this be because we are not interpreters of the word. Uh the the message has taught us that God interprets his word by bringing it to pass. And that's the greatest vindication is when you see something in the scripture and then you see it actually come to pass. There's no doubting that. There's no fighting with that. There's no arguing with that. God interprets his word by bringing it to pass. And so we have those uh boundaries that we live by. We have been taught that God interprets it by bringing it to pass. And when God speaks and when he brings it to pass, there's no questions. It's not fuzzy. Uh and I personally believe that the greatest vindication of this message is just around the corner. I believe the great, it's been vindicated, but the greatest vindication is just ahead of us. And so we should be careful not to draw final conclusions when we see something happening in the news when it sure seems right. We don't have the right to make final conclusions. And yet we are looking at these things through the eyes of the word. And when we look at it through the eyes of the word, uh I believe that we can see things slowly transpiring and sometimes they speed up a bit. And uh you know, I'm thankful once again to know that we're close to the coming of the Lord. We see these things. So it's not a fear, it's a rejoicing that the Lord is close to us and his coming is near. And that coming should rejoice our heart as it says that he comes and appears to those that are looking for him. There's a scripture says he'll appear to those that are looking for him. Not all the world is looking for him, but believers are looking for him. They're looking for his appearing. They're looking for him coming. And when they see things line up, it rejoices their heart because that's what they're looking for. Above making more money in this life, above a better house, all that's fine. But what we're really looking for is the coming of the Lord. Can you say amen? And we got our eyes on it. And not everybody has their eyes on. Matter of fact, there's a lot of fear in the world when these happen. Brandon, brother Brandon was telling me in the office about a man, he's not even a believer, but he's from uh Honduras. Said he he looked at this thing with the pope and he looked at these things and the earthquake said he's not even a believer, but it's it's creating kind of a nervousness in his heart because even they know things are taking place. They just don't know what's taking place. Can you imagine not knowing the fear that it brings to your heart and not knowing where you stand? Not knowing that you're ready to go. I believe this morning if I can accomplish anything, all of us need to be know where we're going. Know where we stand. Know that we're filled with the spirit of God. Young person, if you don't know that, then you can just go before God this morning and say, "God, let me know where I stand. Let me be filled with your spirit." Because that's the one question that has to be answered is that, "Do I know where I'm going? Do I know where I stand? Praise the Lord. So now, uh, it's not a fear, but it's a rejoicing to see these things. And I remember in 1995 when they sent out a left behind, uh, series of novels, left the left behind series. And I guess it was just to alert and some people have said it's very good. And if you've read it, that's fine. But they came and then they came out as movies. And I guess it was to alert them of the times and maybe missing the rapture and then going into tribulation. And it was called Left Behind. And they even uh put out movies. I never read any of that. And I never seen the movies because I don't have much interest because I'm not called to be left behind. The title kind of scared me. I don't want to be left behind. I'm not called to Can you say, "Man, I'm not called to be left behind." Uh, I'm still reading uh some good things about uh sermon titles like the secret catching away and the rapture and uh things that are to be and events made clear by prophecy. Not fuzzy, but events made clear by prophecy. That's what that's what I'm reading. That's the series that I've been reading. I'm still reading them. And they're not novels. They are announcements by the seventh angel messenger of the time that we live in. Can you say amen? And it's not to bring us fear, but it's to give us the Holy Ghost and rapturing faith that we can say, I'm a part of the rapture. I'm not here to be left behind. Can you say amen? I'm called to something different. Praise the Lord. And there's no movie on this particular rapture. Actually, I am the movie. I'm not looking for an event. I am the event. Can you say amen? Uh, I'm acting out this last part of the drama that's uh rapture material and God's making me rapture material. He's making the bride. He's giving her rapturing faith. It's not an event. If it is an event, I am the event. And you can read about something coming. You know, people read about something coming and oh, something and you can come to church this morning and hear about, oh, this is coming. This is coming. But there's a difference in reading about what's coming and actually being a part of what's coming. I don't want to read about it. I don't want to have just a sermon. I want to be a part of the drama of the last days. I want to be a character in this play. Can you say amen? There's a symphony playing out. And I'm not in the audience watching the symphony. I'm playing an instrument in this symphony. Can I get an amen this morning? Hallelujah. I'm not going to a concert watching the symphony. I've got the sheet music for the last days. I've got the final sheet music. I'm in the spirit of the composer. Can you say amen? I'm watching the director every day. I'm watching the events. I'm going to play and strike the final chords of this rapture music. Like it's like I look back there at brother Tom, you know, and he's been friends for years and he's the one that taught 35 years gym class to True School and then he had, you know, all teaching all of us how to play sports and how to exercise, but he taught a lot more than that. And from the very beginning when I met him and I tried to take him to a football game or take him to a baseball game, he says, he said, "Don't don't go watch a football game. get outside and play football. He didn't want to go. I don't want to go to a baseball game. Let's go out and play baseball. So, he taught us something. And listen, it's true in the spiritual, too. Don't go watch what's going on. Don't go into a message church and nod your head. Say, "I want to be a part of this. I want rapturing faith in my heart." We can talk about events all day long and read quotes all day long, but this isn't just an event, a thing that we read about. This is something that we are. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We're not. I'm so tired of spectators in the message. I don't want to be a spectator. People come to even my church and they sit back and they're just spectators of what's going on and then they get a little offended and they're up and down. We don't need to be up and down. We don't need to be offended. We don't need to go through all these emotions. We need to just find out where we stand. Is anybody listening to me this morning? This is not an hour to be a spectator. This is an hour to get full of the Holy Ghost, know where we stand, know this is rapture time. That's right. Praise the Lord. So, there's a couple things that I want to read uh from the message and they're related to this subject this morning of the final forming of the image of the beast. The final final forming of this image. And uh I want to make some foundational statements here that something that is forming of course can take years. Prophecy will take years to form until it completely materializes. And we all the children even have to know that because sometimes it can take years. I think it was 4 or 500 years after the prophet and many of these things are spoken by prophets. But it doesn't happen right away. 400 years before it happened, there was a prophet that said, "A virgin shall conceive." 400 years later, all of a sudden it materializes. But there are events that take place that start forming that. And one thing brother Lonnie said one time, I was in Africa with him and he said something. He was witnessing to uh this uh this man that was Christian man and he was witnessing and so he recognized brother Lonnie as a teacher and had a lot of knowledge and so he was probing him questions. I was privileged to just being a fly on the wall listening to all this because I'm learning how to witness to somebody of this word. And uh brother Lonnie he just began to go and he says he says back in Jesus day there was an accumulation of prophecy being fulfilled where for years it delayed and then all of a sudden bang bang bang bang it happened very quickly at the end. He said that's happening in the last days where there's prophecy laying there and he said you hit a certain point and things start to happen really quickly and you got to catch what's going on because it's going to be a wrap- up pretty quick. There's a forming of the prophecy and political and world events and all these things start to form everything. All political governments, all nations, you know who they're being formed by? They're being formed by prophecy being fulfilled. And all of them think they're doing their own thing. Even Trump thinks he's doing his own thing. But I can tell you, he's working by the hand of God so this word can be fulfilled. Can you say amen? But the wheels of prophecy can go slow sometimes. And brother Lonnie shared some more things with him. And that man actually invited us to we were at a uh what do they call those place like a someone had purchased while we were ministering there a a jungle a um what do they call that where you go see the lions and everything? Safari. Someone had purchased a nice one uh for brother Lonnie as a gift. And I just happened to be there to tag along. Worked out real good. I never seen one since. never seen one before that, but it was great. They had a little small Pentecostal group going on in that actual camp of all the workers and they asked Brother Lonnie to speak that night at their service and we went and I sang and he spoke and just being a blessing to them because the the fella's eyes was opening up a little bit through the word. So, but you see now what he said is true. There's a there's a there's a forming and there's a there's an accumulation of prophecy that begins to take place and then it it speeds up a bit. And uh so the I want to talk about how something is formed that this image of the beast that is in Revelations 13. It takes a long time to form into something like that especially in the United States because when we look at it then we realize that that beast and power system that was Rome started with Rome. It's still Rome but it changed its front. You'd have to go to Revelation 17 to see the front that that beast system has. It's always been that Rome system. That's the beast. That's the power. But then it had a front to it. You'd have to go to Revelation 17 and see that it has a religious front to it. But I'm sticking just with the beast and the power in the system. That was a cruel system. And it was actually a an organized system. And the purpose of it was back in pagan Rome is how do we get everybody to agree and come into the same system and be on the same page? Well, they formed a system, an organized system to accomplish that. And then they even formed with it a force after that that if you wouldn't become a part of the system, then you were killed. Then you were snuffed out, then you were, you know, all these things happened. That was a cruel, brutal system of this beast of Rome. Then it takes on, it was wounded. The Bible says you can read it. And then the wound was healed. So there was a period of time it looked like Rome was gone. That beast is gone. It's not gone. It got healed. Its wound got healed. And it rose up again under a religious front. Still the same power, still the same cruelty, still the same system to try to bring people together. And then all of a sudden now you see out of the United States rises this. Let's make an image to that beast. So it's going to be similar. And what's it going to be? It's going to be a system. It's going to be a form system that everybody needs to become a part of it for the good of mankind and then it becomes a force because you can't buy or sell. So all the attributes of that beast system now come in this image of the beast. But it's an amazing thing that it comes from the United States. That's the paradox because we're the nation that come to get away from all of that. And some two or three hundred years later, now we're inviting the same thing. Very true. Why? You think people would say, "Do you want that same thing that was that cruelty to come back into our country?" No, we're Americans. We don't want that. But you see, they'll be deceived because it comes in such a deceptive way. It comes in such a way to sell it. It's easily sellable because I and I believe CO was a test to get the people's hearts ready because CO and doing all the things they asked us to do six feet apart and mask and some people couldn't go to church and all this stuff. I think it was a tester to get the people ready for everybody coming on board to do the same things to keep this disease out of our country. That's an easy cell. Amen. That's true. All right. Well, just join in with it. We'll join in with it because because it's helping all of mankind. Come to find out now, science and everything else is being exposed to realize we didn't need to do as many of those things as we thought. But see, it's part of a deception. And I'm I'm not being political today. I'm just saying in the big picture of prophecy, men's hearts have to be prepared for what's coming. And when you have the United States slowly over uh the last since Kennedy was president, how did we get a Catholic president? How did that happen? When we come to get away from that system, then we actually have a Catholic president. And since that time, the growing and the forming of the people's minds and the forming of religious systems and the forming of everything to get it to the place that we'd actually form an image to that same power and people can't buy or sell unless they join into that system. How do we get there? That's the paradox. How does it happen? And why is it happening? Because prophecy must be fulfilled. What God said in his word, can you say amen? What God said will come to pass. God has a perfect track record that what he has said, it may take a thousand years, but it always comes to pass. You can't count on too many things today, but you can count on that word. It's going to come to pass. But my subject today is how it forms and and and and and uh you know it's when you have an image of something like we have uh statues and it takes the sculptor years to form. I don't know how long Michelangelo took on some of his when he did Moses. I don't know how many years he took for it. But but it's not something overnight. An image to something is formed over time. Everybody listen it. Right. So, it's in the forming of it. You don't present it right away. And you certainly couldn't take the power of that first beast and bring it right over to the United States. But when there's a forming of the image and so it's going to be an image. It's going to be the same spirit. It's going to be invited the same thing. But it's an image unto the beast. It's going to be a system, a religious system that forms that it's so similar to that religious system that it actually joins together. So now it's formed over time. A sculptor forms this over time and it comes from something original. Moses, whoever they're doing, there was an original, but this is an image unto it. And the image unto it is a slow formation bringing it into that image that we can look at it and say it's the same thing. It's a it's like a shadow on the wall of your hand. It's imaging the reality of your hand, but it's a shadow of it. So an image is something, but this image will have just as much power because the power that's behind that first beast, they're inviting that power to energize this image of the beast. And when you have that, it's the dragon who is Satan. It's the it's the power. It's the beast system. A beast in the Bible in book of Revelations is a power. And then you have uh the dragon speaking behind it. Who is the devil? The revelation says that's the devil. So he's the one that's speaking and so now you have this image that's formed. Sometimes it's exciting to see things forming towards the fulfillment. I'm going to give you an example. Read with me a scripture. Revelation 16:12. Revelation 16:12. And this is the seven vials that pour out during the tribulation period. Seven vials. Seven angels bringing seven vials. is the it's the punishment or the judgment that's coming in the church in in the um tribulation. I'm just going to read the what the in verse 12 the sixth vial and the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates and the water thereof was dried up that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared. Now you can read that and you know that it's prophecy to be fulfilled, right? It's coming someday. It's not today. It's going to be in uh the tribulation period because that's when the vials are poured out. When the bride goes up, the devil comes down. When the bride's gone, tribulation and judgment hit this earth. And all of a sudden, you wouldn't want to be here because all the judgments of God that's been building up are going to be poured out upon this earth. Seven vials is the proof of that. And each vial is different. This one is particular to the Euphrates River, which feeds many nations in that time. One of the vials and judgments is going to be it's going to be dried up. Look what come out last year. The Euphrates River is facing a critical threat of drying up due this is 19. This is 2024 last year. The Euphrates River is facing a critical threat of drying up due to a combin Oh, okay. They got it up here. Due to a combination of factors including climate change, reduced rainfall and human activities like dam construction and water usage. According to multiple sources, a government uh report warned that the river could be completely dry by 2040. This poses significant challenges for the region, particularly in Syria, Iraq, and Turkey, where millions rely on the river for water, agriculture, and hydroelectric power. Isn't that interesting? Isn't it interesting? Now, you know, here's here's a scripture. You might read over it. It's not necessarily for the bride's day, but for later on, but it's a scripture. And now now they report last year it's starting to slowly dry up. Might dry up before then. But what does it do? Young people, I hope you're listening. It shows us that in the word of God, things will begin to form. And you'll see them in the news that are forming to that prophecy being fulfilled. That river is going to dry up someday. It is going to affect a lot of nations and it'll be part of the judgments of God, but it's already forming in prophecy, right? Amen. It seems like a fulfillment forming. It may take years, but I wanted to give that example. And that's a wonderful rejoicing thing to see so many of these things working towards prophecy being fulfilled even coming in the tribulation. So now when we go back to re Revelations 13. I'm not going to be long today. So, I hope you listen quick and I hope you say amen. Of course, if you really get into it and say amen, then I'll get into it some more and we might be longer here on Mother's Day. See, if I say that, you'll stop saying amen now. Get me a sign like brother Diggs. Oh, say amen. Praise the Lord. You love him. So, you know, this and this is different for a Mother's Day message. I understand. But I had to obey the Lord. I'm not as bad as my dad who went to a church when I was a kid and he forgot it was Mother's Day and he preached on the mother of harlots. He did, didn't he? Sharon, Sherry. Yes, he did. I'm not that extreme this morning. I'm not going there. I know that it's Mother's Day, but the Lord told me to talk about this. Praise the Lord. So, Revelations 13, there's a power that rose out of the earth, which was a young, tender, new country of the United States. Even the number 13 is tied to the United States. There was a beast power in the first part of the chapter that come out of the sea. And when the Bible, Revelation says when something comes out of the sea, it represents peoples and tongues and nations. That's where that beast system come out of the first one. The d and then the dragon Satan gave that beast its power. It was Rome. And so I've already mentioned that. So so we see that first beast was out of the sea. But this one didn't rise out of the sea. It rose out of the earth. This innocent young new country and then later on it's not innocent anymore because it begins to rise in arrogance and speak like a dragon. And that's a shame that things have to change that way that all of a sudden you have this tender innocent thing and we we come here to get a get freedom of religion that we can worship according to the dictates of our heart and here we are. We got and we can follow the word the the way that God's leading us and then look what our nation does now. It crosses over to speaking like that dragon speaking uh as a dragon. So it changes from this innocence to something of power. It looks like it was the first base was wounded to death. It looks like that Rome was over. But the wound was healed when papagan Rome changed to pap Rome. That wound was healed and it's still in power today just as much as when the Caesars ruled in Rome. The the deadly wound was healed. It's still just as much in power. It still dominates every nation in this country. What power dominates in every nation in this country? Think about it. Think about it. That power is still in power today. It means it's still going today. But this second one was a this and and and this was a strange power. It says no one was able to make war with it. So it's it's got to be a very interesting type of power because normal nations that want to go to war one with one another, they have armies and they have things and so now they'll create create a war and they'll go to war, but nobody can make war with this system. And yet it's a powerful beast, but no one could make war with it. You just think about it and you'll come up with the right conclusions. There's a power that dominates in that Roman system that nobody can make war with it. If not, they don't make war with it. They actually cater to it, invite it, get excited when there's a pope from the United from America. All the world wandered after this power. It's integrated in the whole world. Verse seven says, "And it made war with the saints." Well, this power makes war with true Holy Ghostfilled people, and it's been doing it for generations. If you're exposing this beast power, you must read all of its attributes. And one of the main attributes is to come against and to kill the true saints of every hour. It hates the ones that truly have the Holy Ghost. That's right. It don't it don't hate nominal Christians. It don't hate modern Christians who kind of make up their own rules on modesty and everything else. No, no. It hates the ones that hold to the word of God through the Holy Ghost. That's the one it'll turn against. And it m it just it it it it it uh comes against those Holy Ghost people of every generation. It did it since the very beginning. You say, "Where do you get that history?" Look at the Roman power tried to even kill Jesus when he was born. Who was in charge? Rome. And then who was one killing Christians in the early church? Who was instrumental to do it? Rome. Killing Christians. Then the dark ages. They're killing even more of them. The ones who would hold true to the light of God's word. And those who wouldn't join the systems are the ones that got killed by this power. It's still there today. It still has the same force to it. The only thing is something's got to rise up of that pressure within our own innocent country. That's right. Amen. That's the reality of it. So now it switches to speaking the power of rising out of earth. And when it's young and innocent as a nation, it was a lamb with two horns, civil and ecclesiastical powers. Then it begins to speak like a dragon. And so you see, I hope you're catching my simple point. You see this all forming up into something over 200 years now. It's forming into an image unto the beast. So now we have political systems and I I mean it respectfully because every good thing that a man does to try to help us Americans financially and to be more safe, I I I thank the Lord for it. But that becomes the prominent thing now is that this is the final agenda to have a president who's going to bring a golden age. To have a president that's going to make our nation safe again, get rid of all the bad people. Although I don't understand why they're only getting rid of the illegals that are bad because if you get rid of all them, we still got a lot of bad people here. Are we going to send them off as well? We're going to make America safe again. It's going to be a golden age. We're going to make America great again. And you got all these thrusts that we're coming to something. And yet, when you get your Bible, the Bible says it's forming into an image unto the beast. I don't mean to be a doubter this morning. I'm here to tell you the truth. Don't be duped into what they say the final end of America is because it's what the Bible says is the final end. Okay. I believe we can rejoice and live as Christians every day. I don't we believe we need to be scared. I believe we can rejoice in the coming of the Lord. What if we hit financial trouble? Brother Paul, we're already hitting it. All I can tell you, I've I got a word for that. I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging for bread. I've got a word that's going to carry me through. And I've got a word that says in rapture time, in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. He'll protect me from all this stuff. He'll protect my children from the homosexual agenda. He'll protect because he's put protections in place. Somebody ought to say, "Praise the Lord." We better be in the word and not our own reasoning of things. We better not have a religion or part of that system. We better be wordbased. Can you say amen? Cuz that's where our protections are. So it's it's going to make great America great. It's going to do this again. It's going to make America save again. Why Why don't they have Why didn't Trump had let's make America moral again? I never heard that in the campaign. But they can't do it without God. That's right. Maybe that's why they didn't pursue it. They're trying to make everything religious and bring it all all everything together. But you see now uh you never see that. But I just wanted to say that you can work. But look at this other scripture here. I'm trying to show our young people and everyone if you don't know this. Revelations 13 is so specific to the United States and where we're going. Amen. Here's another example. Verse 13 says, "And he doeth great wonders so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men." Well, who what in the world? There's some of us who believe that's that that's attached to atomic power. And I looked it up and the who exercised and flexed its atomic muscles first? There was laboratories and stuff and USSR and all those things, but who flexed their muscles with it first? the United States. And here they are. He shall sow fire coming from heaven. The first time atomic power was flexed, we thought it was Japan. No, the first time it was flexed was on July 16th, 1945 at the Trinity testing site. Okay, we'll just leave that alone for a minute here. First time atomic power was flexed was on July 16th, 1945 at the Trinity test site in New Mexico. According to the Air Force Nuclear Weapons Center, this marked the first ever detonation of nuclear weapon of a nuclear weapon. The explosion of the plutonium implosion device co-enamed Trinity was a demonstration of the power of Manhattan's project work. the first demonstration, the first time it was used, and then the first time it was used publicly, because I didn't know about that one until last night, but the first time we knew publicly is using it, dropping a bomb on Japan. Flexing its what? Power. Just letting you all know we're using this for the first time. We've got power. It was the month after July 16th in August is when they dropped the bomb on Japan. Just some simple points that we should understand. Pagan Rome became a force to force unity and bring everyone on the same page to come under one system. When it changes to paparome, it did the same thing at Niasa to force everyone to one system. We got all these outskirts of people out here. We've got to bring it to one system that we all believe the same. That's what nia was. It looked like such a ma matter of fact a lot of all due respect most of Christianity today look at na as a good thing. But if you read history you see many people coming into that meeting who disagreed with it and they were ousted. They were no you've got to come to this system because this is a good thing for all of Christianity and for all of mankind. We've got to come together and believe in one organized system. And that's where it started. Same spirit is on pagan Rome. Can you say amen? It it it and and it didn't start forcing people till later. But the agenda was to bring it all under one system, forming it under one system. If this power did that two times before, then it certainly will do it in the image that's to the same thing. I'm going to summarize this thought on this final forming of things. The Bible proclaims what is forming. Many times it proclaims it and shows it even forming. The prophecy as I said not to make America great again. Not to take a man like Trump and create a golden age. Prophecy doesn't say things to say things to make America safe again to make America peaceful and the world peaceful again. To make America healthy again. I I'm not against all that. But I'm just telling you that's not the end result of the agenda and the final goal of the United States in the scripture. For many, many years things have been forming towards this image of the beast. The very fact that we elected the first Catholic president in Kennedy was a change. And so we look at things that are forming and and now I bring you to this quote that probably you've seen all over the internet this week. And I even sent it out to my family. the discovery of what the prophet said. If you want to enter in image of the beast, you'll find all the way back to 1952-53 so many references and so many little nuggets to put the pieces together of maybe how this would form and how in the world does the United States turn to forming an image unto that beast and putting pressure on churches and Christians to join that system. Remember, you won't just some people won't join by giving their hand of fellowship to it. Some will join by giving their mind to it because the mark is in the hand and in the forehead. That's right. So, you'll either give your service or your money towards it or you'll give your mindset completely over to it. I wish I could talk to the satility of Satan to sell. Do you do you think it'll be an easy thing to not see through that? Only through the discernment of the Holy Spirit can you see through this modern Christianity. And remember now, it's not the people that are in it, but it's the system. Don't be duped by it. Well, they've come up with their own theory to living, their own theory to this, their own theory to modesty. They come up with their own and they set the rules for it. God didn't give who died and made you interpreter of the word, Baptist, Presbyterian, all of it. It sounds like that you've taken your system and it's so similar to the original system that basically took the true word of God and started to interpret it their own way. That's the Roman Catholic system, right? So when you have a system of dabbling and changing absolutes in this and making it their own way, making Peter the first pope even though he never was in Rome ever, right? And you got all these saints and worship of saints and praying to Mary and all this stuff. Where's it at in here? I can name to you probably 90 things. I have a book 90 things that are completely unscripturable scriptural that are standards in that system as being the word of God. How deceiving is that? And you think by some denomination of yours that you can tamper with this, you're of the same mindset. I'll choose the way that I want to live and I'll manipulate this Bible and interpret it the way I want so I can live the way that I want to live. You got to know I love you when I tell you that straight. But I'm not here to pat you on the back. I'm here to tell the truth. What we're headed toward is not a nation that's going to defeat communism and we all be together and Christians are going to No, no, no, no, no. This this is going to become a pressure on true Christians. I already feel some of the persecution sometimes. Now, I have people that respect me for what I believe. They know what I believe. There's a respect level. Praise the Lord. There's boundaries. I have other people, they don't respect it at all. There's no respect level and it becomes more and more of a thing. I've told you before that I have gotten liberty to put my broadcast on a secular station and and if they hear this, I want to thank you all, WWO, because they welcomed us and they let us be on there and and I thank the Lord for it. We can get the truth out and, you know, speak to people. I get I walk into banks and walk into places that, you know, I I seen you on TV. I really enjoy that. I had a couple businessmen that I know in town and they they seen me the other day. He says, "Yeah, my wife and I, we're watching you every Sunday." And they go, "Well, not every Sunday, but most Sundays we're watching you on the TV." So now I'm a TV evangelist. But it's neat because when they say they don't have to, you know, some of them come and visit, but listen, if I've got a half hour to share things that's been open to us and this Bible being open to us, I am a happy man because my job is not to do something in their heart. My job is to get the truth out there. Every one of you ought to make that your goal. We're not here to just sit us four and no more in this congregation. The vision of this church is not to sit here and wait for people to come or wait for people just to uh come from other message churches. No, no, no, no. Our eyes, where is the seed that haven't heard this wonderful truth yet? And every one of you ought to be a witness of that. You ought to arrange your life that that's the main goal is to find the last elected seed that has a hunger for this truth. Can I get an amen? That's the vision of this church. Thank you, brother. That's the vision of this assembly. You know, I'm going to say it. I am more more less interested in being accepted and being, how should I say it, respectfully, making sure that we fit everything perfectly in in the eyes of the message movement. I I I believe this message with all my heart. I hold every bit of it, okay? I'm not compromising. But we shouldn't be so concerned about impressing everybody else. Couple weeks ago, I talked to the pastors and I encouraged them in the scripture that says there's there's a group of people Paul said, this is in my notes, so this is free. There's a group of people in Paul's day and he says they comparing themselves with themselves and Paul said that's carnal. Brother Bram called it carnal comparisons that you're comparing yourself with other people like that and so they compare preachers compare themselves with themselves. We're not to do that. It's carnal to do that. We're to compare ourselves with the word of God. And I was encouraging the pastors and pastor's wife, don't sit around there and see how you're looking to every other message church and oh, we're not growing like them or oh, we don't have that kind of ministry or we don't have this. Quit worrying about that and do what God has called you to do in your local area. Find the will of God for your local church and do that. Amen. When I first started my church, I loved Brother Biscll's church so much and he had me out. We was good friendship. I thought, "Wow, there's a successful church. It's growing. I like everything they do." And I tried for the first five years to form their church the way that brother Bisll do it until the Lord rebuked me and spoke to me one day. Spoke to my says, "I haven't called you to make your church like brother Biscllow's church. I've called you to do something specific for this area. I need you to follow my lead." And that's what I began to do. What is God calling us to do in our local community, in your job, in your environment, your domain? Quit worrying about the rest of the message groups. Is this okay to say this morning? We are so concerned about comparing oursel to everybody else. Quit worried about what's going on out there. Quit worried about what we're doing. Is it going to be acceptable out there? Let's find the will of God. Say, "Well, what if something needs correction?" If we're following the Holy Ghost, God will correct our local assembly. He puts the gifts in the church to correct correct the music, correct this, correct that. I trust in the Holy Ghost to correct us. But I'm not trying to compare and say, "Oh, I hope we're doing it right so the visitors, they can see everything's just right and make them happy." I'm not as concerned about that anymore because I'm here to please the Lord. And when I get on the other side and step into that dimension, I want to hear him say, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant." And you weren't concerned about everybody else's opinion. I did. You did what I called you to do. If I don't have any more come this and there's a few souls that come in. Listen, I'm still praying. Brother Ron Spencer was here one time and he says, "I see all these rows filled with prostitutes and harlots and drunkards and everything else. I say, "Let it come to pass." There's still some empty seats here that some of you aren't even come to fill on Wednesday nights and you live five minutes away. May God fill them with people who want to hear the word of God. It comes from a hunger of the word of God. It comes from I want to know truth and I want to know where I stand. But it it it we have to be we can't form a system even here. God doesn't want to work through systems. He wants to work through a Holy Ghost fil church. Wants to work in his body. Praise the Lord. I better get back up here to my notes or I might say some more things. Look at this. And remember I said a few months ago I was talking about the um the time of trouble and I was emphasizing communism filling our country. 1955 brother said our country is full of it. It's full of communism by spirit. It's full of communism. So now I want you to discover something he said here about communism all the way in 1953. And watch how now this image of the beast, watch, even back then he's speaking of things forming because you have to have a common enemy to join together. One of the ways Satan sells it is if we all have a common enemy to join to fight against. Okay, that's the best way to sell it. Remember COVID? We got to find a common enemy. Everybody join in so everybody can live. And so now he says here 1953 now you just do I still have uh can I have a few more minutes you just keep on this on your mind now they're going to have a confederation of churches the churches of Christ of America is already confederating with all their churches and they're going to have a band here someday that'll shut out to fight communism. Got to find a common enemy. And so when they recognize themselves like a prophet says it back there that our country is full of communism full of communism and I broke that down what that spirit is a godless spirit you know I want god my own way and I don't want the god of the bible so that's the core of communism but you see now this religious system it's not it's not godless it wants god but it wants it through the religious system so it has a religious front to it very very nice but you see now What do they fight together against? Communism. So I just want to make a point now. They didn't discover back then that our country was full of it. But I can tell you the last election, the last two or three elections, it became at the forefront that people begin to recognize, especially our president, that this country is becoming full too much in our colleges of socialism and communism. It's being taught to our kids. I gave you something in 1966 where the actual agenda of the communists, they're meeting in our country. They have meetings, but they wanted to bring agenda. So, they're presenting it to make it law. And I read to you all those 21 things. I think there were brother uh I think brother Steven put me on to that, but I was I read all the things, you know, to break up homes, to uh to mess up the genders. It had it all there in the 60s. And so maybe they didn't get it passed back then in Congress, but they kept pushing it in colleges through professors right until communism. So now something rises up with the last election, last couple elections. This is filling our country. We all need to rise up against it and fight socialism and fight communism. And it is working a little bit because the things are being changed. But isn't it interesting that he says they'll have to find a common enemy with this image of the beast, something to fight against? We're all going to rise religiously and we're going to fight against this communism around the world and bring peace to the world and bring God to the world and maybe bring Christianity to the world. I I try to keep a right attitude. That all sounds good. Let's just be careful what channel it comes through. Is that okay to say it that way? Don't be duped. It sounds very good. Let's finish the quote now. to fight communism which will hook up with catechism, Catholic Catholicism, the Protestant church, the Catholic Church together. And the interdenominations who stand out for the truth and get away from the dogma that they got will be persecuted. The mark of the beast, the seal of God, the showdown will soon come. And brother, if that's not in there, they'll be deceived as sure as the world because it will look nice. It'll say now communism made for the world. Why? let us make another agreement and bring all the Christian and Christianize the world back and look so good the people will jump into it. See, they'll confederate the churches and bring and try to make Christianity one unit. And the Bible says in Revelations that he give his power and everything that he made an image unto the beast and exercise all the power the beast did before him in the first part of Revelations 13. Moving along now another thing there has to be a link as we read Revelations 13. There has to be a link made between that system and the US. There has to be a link. They have to form a system like the Roman system and then this week the white smoke comes out of the cyine chapel. Millions. Millions. How many's in first of all the that system they're rejoicing but the whole world's rejoicing that white smoke has come out of the cysteine chapel. I'll just say where there's smoke there's fire respectfully. This happens this week and by surprise the conclave chooses a pope from our America. And what's surprising is it was surprising to everybody. They never thought that would happen. It wasn't expected to happen. Uh we got commentary after commentary. Brother Jared was talking to some in the office this morning what he's been reading and it there was reasons why they said this never going to happen. never come and come come from the United States. Some did not want him to come from the United States. Some did, but they they'd say that'd be great if a pope came from the United States, but it's never going to happen. Then we go back to 1954. You probably read this on the internet this week. 1954, Acts of the Holy Spirit in Jeffersonville. I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy. Then they'll form an image like unto the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. There's a positive note. May whatever is happening drive us together in love. I won't leave it alone. True believers out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, Holiness, whatever they'll be, will go together and cement it by the love of God. How many's praying for that? Yeah. You don't want to write off anybody right now. Oh, they're a part of You don't know who's a part of that system. You don't know who's sold out to it. But let that love start between us. Let these events drive us together. But you see what I'm preaching on? It's a forming. And he says the next thing is the image of the beast. And the before it is a pope that's out of the United States. That's the one they chose. So once again, I'm not saying I'm saying could this be because I don't have a right to interpret this is the one could be another one from the United States later. I don't know. I don't have a right to do that. But I'm just pointing you to what he said is that it's very close to the forming of the beast when we have something like that happen scripturally. Scripturally there has to be a strong link between the United States Catholic Church and that and and over there. You can't get a stronger leak link to Revelations 13. You can't get a stronger link than choosing a pope of the United States. Finish the quote. Sorry. Cemented by the love of God that'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ all the believers and agnostics and shallow-minded will be cast to one side. That's an interesting thing. I'd like to preach a sermon on that. The agnostics and the shallowminded. This isn't a time to be shallowminded. This is a time for a revelation deep in your soul. Yes. And they'll go right on into the confederation of your Now, Brother Brandham said this in December of 1954 about a pope coming from America. December 1954. Mr. Pvost from Chicago was conceived in December of 1954. The reason we know that, a minister looked it up. Nine months later he was born in 1955. If you set the time the same time brother Bram said this is the same time he had to be conceived which would be the next pope come the first pope from America and the next pope that we have now. No one expected it. I've heard it over and over. This would have never happened to have one come from the United States. the Silver Bulletin, Nate Silver says um in many of the news outlets by at least publishing an article earlier this week that covered the buzz Pos was generating. What he's saying is that the week before they were saying there's no way this can happen. There's no way. However, they ultimately dismissed his candidacy, Prieos candidacy by citing a scholar who said that the church wouldn't want to give America any more influence. Yes, but a pope from the United States is unlikely for several reasons, including that an American pope would give the US more influence than it already has. Lyola University scholar Michael Cares te tells that then Mr. uh bulletin says here on in in this he says with the benefit of hindsight this logic seems to have the polarity of the situation reversed. The Catholic Church might not want the United States to have more influence, but it might want to have more influence on the United States. This isn't a guy with the Holy Ghost. This is a guy saying, "Why? We didn't want this. Why?" And he said, "Could it be? It's not so much they was they didn't want it because they wanted to keep America's strong influence." Now Trump has influence around the world. Okay? We're keeping that away from the Catholic Church. But maybe it was we can come in and influence the United States more fitting right with Revelations 13. How do you form an image of the beast to that system unless you have this type of type of link? And I really believe that's why he said it. I'm going to read more one more quote if you give me five minutes. I want to complete this if we can. And the Rome had a religious system whose deadly head or deadly wound killed him in his head. I trust that young people, the children that can everybody can understand today when you go to Revelations 13 in your own Bibles, you can understand that symbols. But God has blessed us to be able to see this is the United States. You live in the United States and you will see this forming quicker and quicker and quicker, which points us to a rapture time. Yes. Amen. I want to be ready, don't you? And now they're going to make an image to it out of the beast that comes out of Revelations 13. All the other beasts come out of the water, which is thickness, multitudes, and peoples. The Bible said, "But this little beast come out of the earth where there was no people. Yet he was a lamb, freedom of religion. Then see it formed into then he spake like a dragon and united himself with a power and then all the dragon did before him." Exactly. So where you are, it's just got to be that way. No other way of getting around it. And here we today, here we are today forming a system. A system. We can't wait till some we tried to make every everybody become Lutheran. Couldn't do it. We tried to make them look at all the years of the efforts of denominational systems with the effort same effort as as Pharisees proceliting. Tried to make them all Baptist. We couldn't do it. All become Methodists. All become Pentecostal and they couldn't do it. So in order to do this the time is so short they have formed a council ahead an image to the beast. That's exactly what they've done. And Jesus spoke of this not as communism. So there we have they'll make the problem and the common enemy communism. But I want to tell everybody today that's a lie. The problem isn't commun that is a problem but that's not the most deceiving thing. The most deceiving thing will be a religious system that we partake of in mindset or service and you'll be forced to join it. That's true. Jesus spoke of this not as communism but in Matthew 24 beginning with the 21st to 26th verse. He predicted that the spirit in this system would be so much like the real thing till it would deceive the very elected. If it was possible, the elected whose names are put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. The book of revelation says says this beast will deceive all the world. They'll all wonder after it blindly except those names that are written in the lamb's book of life. Everybody will and it'll be so close it would deceive the elect if possible. you said that means it's not going to just be blatantly out there say oh this type of Christianity oh that couldn't be wrong be careful it'll be so close it'll look like the real thing and yet many will be taken in by it and yet there'll be a people I don't want to boast of it but I just want to say there will be a people who turn it down and there will be a people who escape before the real force comes. We're already in a squeeze. We already feel persecution. Sometimes I feel it from people that are even closer to me. You feel that pressure. Felt it a few years ago. I guess it's been 13 years ago when a spirit kind of rose in the church with a couple brothers and they wanted me to change and distance myself from this message and the quotes and become just a bibleelving church where we didn't read the message and they in a brother's meeting they were just asking questions and you could just sense and the brothers the other brothers could sense they answer to these brothers and I respect them they've gone on now to to what they believe, that's fine. But there was an effort before they left to change this. Brother Brandon had a dream while it was going on that he came into our church that was our old church and the whole altar was completely with a bunch of flowers and just looked like Cain's Cain's sacrifice very beautiful and looked like a Catholic um a Catholic altar and a Catholic pulpit. very very much like that. And he said that was that spirit trying to get you off of the word of this message to turn this thing into that system. And God, not through me, but God rose up through different brothers in that meeting that we had and they spoke up and says, you know, we believe we want to stand with this word and we want to stand with a pastor who's staying with this message. Isn't it interesting though that I get a few criticisms saying, "I don't even preach this message anymore." And then my congregation laughs because they know that's not true. I believe this with all my heart. I believe it was the seventh angel God sent to us. I believe he opened up the Bible to us and all the fanaticism and all the things that even we may not know the complete prophecies still our heart is anchored not to William Brandham but to Jesus Christ the revealer of the word our heart is anchored to Jesus Christ who is the word the Jesus Christ is not 2,000 years ago some figment of our imagination that we dream up no Jesus is the word of every generation. That's the person of Jesus that reveals the word to every generation. And when we find the word to our generation, we find Jesus. We stand with him. We believe it. Can I get an amen out of some of you? And we're going to stand with the truth of it despite the criticism, besides the spirits that come in and try you just adjust things a little bit. No, no. We're not going to try to explain it unless God gives us a revelation of it. We're standing with this because this is the thing. Most of the stuff I preach today, I couldn't even preach unless my eyes were open by the seventh angel to see what the system was. We wouldn't even know it except the eyesight of a prophet. And now we don't have to emphasize the prophet. Remember there's an image to the prophet in book of Daniel that got it wrong. They said, "Let's build an image to Daniel. Let's build an image to William Brandom." No, no, no, no. That's deception, too. This isn't an image to a system. It isn't a movement. It isn't a system of a dress code. It's not to make another denomination. It's just purely the word of God. Whether it's modesty or whatever it is, it's just what the word said. Blessed be his name. There's nothing tainted. There's nothing added to it. We're staying with it. We're believing with all of our heart because we see these things in the news happening. And we know the greatest vindication that this is true is not because I stand there and try to argue with you. This is true. This is true. No, no, no. The vindication is coming. God's going to prove this thing is right. But we won't be idolizing a man. I'll shake Brother Ram's hand when I get the other say, "God bless you, brother." He'll shake my hand. Say, "God bless you, brother." Because that's just the way he believed it. He was a brother born in sin shaped in iniquity but used greatly of the Lord to like John the Baptist to come and introduce the first coming of Christ. And John said when I introduced him says there's the lamb. I must decrease he must increase. Our prophet would have said the same thing if he was here this morning. I have introduced you to the word Christ. Now William Brennham decreases and Christ increases. It's the same way. I'm not in some cult. I don't believe some man. I believe God's men that he's chosen from Luther, Wesley, Paul, Isaiah. Can you say I believe all the prophets of the Bible, but I don't idolize those men. Only the God that was in them. All of my worship belongs to Jesus Christ. The eternal word, the the the word made flesh to every generation. My my heart is just crying out to you today. You're on the internet and people make you teeter totter and you don't know where you stand. I tell you, you need to get into the Bible and get into this message and find out where you stand. Don't listen to those voices. Because there's one thing that we need to be in these times. We need to be stable in the word of God. We need to know that we know that we know. You can have a mama telling you little hints of doubt. Amen. You can have a family member say, but but but you don't need to listen to that. You need to listen to the word. There's only one voice. That's the voice of truth. Some people got one in, one foot into this and one foot out still, and they think they'll be safe. And I'm here to tell you, you're not safe. You need to make your choice. Be filled with the spirit. Your lamps trimmed, glowing. Can you say amen? Amen. Something needs to be settled in your life cuz this system is not easily detected detected. It takes the Holy Ghost in a person in the word to see what it really is. Say, I want to be accepted. I want to be careful your right hand of fellowship to give people so they're not maybe they'd be influencing you. I go back to that broadcast the the local Christian station. I'm not done yet here. And some of you say, "I wish he was done." The local Christian station asked us for a couple years to pay for a broadcast and be on there. And so, finally, we got it all together with getting it organized. Brother Kyle, Sister Laura, they're going to edit and we're going to put it up there and got to that. I had to sign the paperwork to go on to the Christian station, which is what I would have preferred to go on. I sent it in, emailed it to them. I wouldn't sign that we believe God in three persons. I said, "I'm sorry. I won't sign that. We believe it's God in three offices, but it's one God. It's not three persons." And I just keep that symbol. If you want me to write more on this, I can, but I just I won't sign that. They said, "We can't we can't have you on." Wow. Turned us down. Now, can you imagine? A secular station didn't make that an issue, but the Christian church made Trinity an issue. Now you think about that. I got shut out even though I had the money. Thankfully after 30 years I had some money to pay for a broadcast. But I got shut out of the Christian church. I got persecuted. We're not the to the days of buy or sell yet, but I got persecuted. I got shut out from the Christian establishment. But but someone else who doesn't hold that doctrine, they say, you know, you you'll pay. If you want to pay, we'll have you on. Now, if if Kyle and Laura put some of this stuff on today, I'm let them make the decisions. It might be my last broadcast. I don't know. But I'm happy to get what time I have because I'm not here to say that I'm right and everybody else is wrong. I'm here to say there's a truth. There's a Babylon and God has sent a voice to call us out of Babylon. And I want to stay out of that. And even if I try to stay, I'm going to be persecuted. I'm gonna be looked down on our what we wear from what we wear all the way to what we believe. We're going to receive pressure, a squeeze. Won't be like the tribulation, but it's already started. And I just say again, brother Bobby, even so come, Lord Jesus. Even so come, Lord Jesus. God calling us to repentance if we're not right. So I'm I'm I'm closing this today calling you to repentance. If there's anything in my life that's resisting truth in all of its light and glory, Lord, take it out of my life. Amen. I repent before your presence this morning. Would you bow your heads? Would you do that this morning? Because we need to be established and know where we stand in this time of pressure. We need to be unmovable. We need to be settled. We need the rock. Be very sure. Be very sure. Your anchor holds and grips the solid. George Beverly Sheay sang this song, that first verse. In times like these, we need a Savior. In times like these, we need an anchor. Be very [Music] sure. Be very sure. Oh yes, Lord. Your anchor [Music] holds and grips the solid. [Music] Now we before we sing and it just bow your heads and you speak to the Lord. He's here. You don't need to speak to me. I'm only a channel to tell you what truth is. But you speak to our Lord and he will receive a heart that really is repentant before him. He will receive that heart. He can create something and take you open your eyes. Revelations 3 it says that you give us IsaV and anoint our eyes that we could see the word and see these prophecies and to see things forming coming into what they would be. How many would raise your hand and say the prophecies are forming but let the image of Christ form in me. Let me be formed into more of the image of Christ. Let me be formed. That's the forming that I want to see more than anything. Heavenly Father, we do repent before you, Lord. The cry of the bride is, "I'm wrong. You're right, and we're wrong. Your word is right, and we're wrong." [Music] There is a pressure today, Lord, on the people through social media and different opinions and different seeds of doubt that's planted. There's a pressure that comes with it. Lord, even homes are feeling pressures. But Lord, I pray that the the rock that you've given us to stand on, the h the secret place you've given us to run into to be really safe. I pray that was presented to these lives, these young lives. Father, these young boys, these young girls, Lord, they they understand. They see it. So Lord, as you open their eyes, I pray that they would open their hearts and trust you, follow you, Lord, and give you, Lord, a a a complete surrender to Jesus Christ. Grant it, Father, we pray. Lord, we commit every precious life into your hands. Even those listening, Lord, whether they are listening, whatever stage they're at, just help them, Lord, to simplify. This is Jesus Christ manifested in the word of the hour. His word being fulfilled and he and he's calling for a full surrender. It's just that simple. Grant it. Father, we rejoice in prophecy being fulfilled in Jesus name. Amen. Look at this second verse now. If you want to stand. I know you've been sitting a long time. In times like these, we need the [Music] Bible in times like these. Oh, be not idle. Be very sure. Be very sure. Be very sure. Your anchor holds and grips the solid. Ah, bring it up one key. First verse again. In times like these, sing it with all your heart. Now we need a savior. Yes, Lord. You need a savior. You need a savior. We need anor. Be very sure. Be very sure. [Music] Your anchor holds and grips the solid ground. Hallelujah. Let's give glory to the Lord. Amen. God is good. His word is good. Praise the Lord. Amen. and I'm going to dismiss you in Jesus name. God bless you all. May have a wonderful day with your moms and such. Be grateful that I didn't speak on the mother of harlots today, but I pray our eyes would be open and we could stand stable and know where we stand in this hour. Even our young people, even our young girls, our young guys, they need to see these things. God bless you. God be with you each one. And be very sure that your anchor holds and grips the solid rock. The name of the Lord is a strong tower wherein the righteous run into it and they're safe. Can you say amen? Sister Sharon still here? I don't think she's still here. Would you come Sharon? [Music] We'll just pray for Sister Sharon again. We're not backing down. [Music] Amen. In the days of Paul, they took from his body cloth sometimes. They lay hands on. And I wanted to This was given to me by brother Steve West. And it was a handkerchief from the prophet. So, we're privileged to have it. It's not this that heals. It's the blood of Jesus Christ. But we need to join in prayer again against the enemy, against this tumor, and ask the Lord to curse it. Ask the Lord to stop it and dissolve it. Amen. Amen. Let's join together. Heavenly Father, we appeal to your throne again, Lord. And like we spoke Wednesday night about the woman who kept coming to the unjust judge, Lord, she wearied him by her continual coming. I know in prayer your daughter here comes to you probably by the minute, Lord, asking for a miracle. But Lord, today she has many in the body of Christ that is appealing to you again. It's coming to you again. And we are asking Lord Jesus that you bring the healing. We believe we stand upon the healing of Calvary and the stripes upon your back. We've seen it over and over again, Lord. And so, Father, we take this cloth from our prophet of this generation. Lord, we touch your body with it. We're asking, Lord, it's not the cloth, but we're asking, Lord, that faith would be anointed, Father, to be able to reach out and claim, say, I believe that I'm healed with all my heart. God, this is a woman of faith. She doesn't back down. She stays positive. So, Lord, we want to be an an energy and strength to her today and say, "Satan, you are defeated. You have badgered. You have scared this life long enough. We rebuke you in the name of Jesus Christ. We curse that demon of cancer. [Music] Oh enemy, we know that you're listening. If what I preach is the truth today, Lord, we stand upon the word. Satan, if you're listening, I know you are. The word, the healing that's in your word, is still available today. And we believe it. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Curse it in Jesus' name. And may the healing continue, Lord, we pray. Give our dear sister the miracle that she she is holding in front of you, Lord. The promise she's holding in front. Give her that miracle. She looks more in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We ask it. Let the work be done in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's praise God. Let's praise him. Let's praise [Music] him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, you are good. [Music] Father, you are a mighty God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Your word is true. Thank you, Jesus. Satan, you're defeated. Satan, you're a bluff. You're defeated in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be our God. Amen. Oh, brother Kenny, the name of the Lord is a strong tower wherein the righteous run into it and are safe. Hallelujah. Before we go today, let's rejoice. The rapture is just near us, friends. How many give me rapturing faith? I don't care about America becoming safe again. I want to be safe in that rock. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. The name of the Lord is a [Music] strong that's [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Bless the name of the [Music] [Applause] Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm so glad. You know, I'm so glad. I'm so [Music] glad you know. I'm so glad, you know. I'm so glad. I'm so glad I got this. I couldn't walk around till I got on. I can't live till I [Music] got till I got [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] I couldn't right till I got this. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm so [Music] glad. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] I'm so glad Oh, I'm so glad. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Amen. I'm so glad. Jesus set me free. Yes, Lord. I'm so worship this morning. Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. Oh, yes. I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. I'm so glad. Jesus set me free. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh my [Music] Jesus. Jesus set me free. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Music] Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm on my way to the victory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Set me free. Amen. I just want to keep on worshiping. Amen. He set me free. Yes. He set me free. He broke the bonds of breathing. Oh, his hand Jesus. Glory to God. [Music] My Jesus to see God. [Music] My Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. Once a [Music] burden free from my sorrow. I felt oh Jesus came and listen to me. Glory to God. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] and glory Jesus. Glory to God. [Music] Now I am climbing higher darkness [Music] away. Glory to [Music] God. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Glory to [Music] God. Glory Jesus to [Music] see [Laughter] me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He set me free. I don't know how you're going to make it home, but you're going to make it home. Amen. If if I ask drag you some drag you, you getting home anyways. Cuz you know why? You're God's child. Yes. And you don't have the option to even choose. Right. He's already chosen. Amen. Come on. So, we're going to make it. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. We'll see you Wednesday, Lord willing. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Have a good week. Amen. Yes, sir. Going to make it. He already said that I would. I'll keep on trusting that is working everything for my [Music] good. He walks beside me and heaven is singing. [Music] Oh, [Music] God. Oh, I'm going to make it. He always said and I'll keep trusting him every day. I'll keep on trusting that is working everything for my [Music] good. Oh, he walks beside me. And heaven is in my view. Oh God made it through. Oh, I'm going to make it. Jesus said that I would. He promised that. Oh, I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. [Music] He walks beside me and ever. [Music] Oh, am I going to make it [Music]
