################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 2025.06.22PM - Bro. Kidri Diggs - Conquerors of Fear Kings & Queens - Kidri Diggs.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    2025.06.22PM - Bro. Kidri Diggs - Conquerors of Fear: Kings & Queens
Speaker:  Kidri Diggs
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eikaQpcXC-s
========================================

Description:
0:00 Opening
1:01 Preservice Worship
4:21 Opening Prayer
5:03 Preservice Worship
27:45 Special - Divine Exchange
32:24 Preservice Worship
36:00 Special - No Longer Slaves
40:39 Preservice
42:43 Sermon
1:59:42 Postservice Worship
2:03:52 Postservice
2:05:34 Congregational Prayer
2:07:14 Postservice
2:09:15 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] You are [Music] [Music] Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Unfilled my singing that again. Let's all stand. Oh, come this is thirsty. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart [Music] on me. One who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill. Dedicate yourself to him first. Oh, fill this void and emptyness. Shine your light on my darkness. [Music] Satisfy and restore my soul. I long for you to make me whole. Quench this thirsty. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Fill my life Lord. comes through my life. I am complete. Let your love rain down on me. I need you more. Lord, I confess more of you. Nothing less mercy. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come through my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Last time tonight. Oh conquest. Conquest thirsty. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Francis, Francis, come up and lead us some more prayer tonight. Hallelujah. We're excited for what God has in store tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. You love him tonight. Bow our head. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for being there for us, Lord. You're pulling to your to your presence this this evening, Lord. And we just want to say yes. We we want to you to visit all our room tonight, Lord. any room that's dark or that the door is closed, Lord. Just may we just open this door, Lord, for you to come in and just fellowship with us tonight, Lord. Just humble oursel and commit this service in your hand. We ask every be everything be in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, and commit this uh song service, Lord, and the preaching of the word for your glory tonight. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. just just thinking on what he said last night about the soldier and saying, "Yes, sir." And then I had this one on my heart. Why don't we go around and greet each other in the name of the Lord tonight? Um we'll sing this one. Um I'll say yes, Lord, yes to your will and to your way. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. I will trust you and obey when your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart. I love you. And our answer will be yes. Lord yes. I'll say oh I'll say yes. Lord yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes Lord. Yes. I will trust you in the way with your spirit speaks to me. With my whole heart I agree and my answer will be yes Lord yes. I'll say I'll say yes Lord yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes Lord. Yes, I will trust you and oy your spirit speaks to you. With my whole heart I agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord. Yes. I'll say yes. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes to your will and to your way. I say yes Lord. Yes. I will trust you and oy with your spirit speaks to me. Yes. With my whole heart I agree. And my answer be yes Lord. Yes. We're together. We're together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Aren't you glad tonight? Oh, we're together again in a watercore. [Music] Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. We can take it out. Just praising the Lord. Yeah, we're together again. Oh, just praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We're together again. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Last time we together again. Just praising the Lord. Thank you, Lord. We're together again. Oh, in one core. Something good is going to happen. Something good isn't slow. We're together again. Yes, Lord. Just praising the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise God. Let's sing this one tonight cuz Amen. Um well, a sea of the last stage and we're all rich and increased with goods. But when you come to Christ, you realize that that worldly rich riches that really just means poverty. You realize that that's that's real poverty. But when you come into Christ, that's true riches. Amen. True wealth is when you come into tr. Amen. So we're millionaires tonight. Praise God. We're millionaires in Christ. Praise God. So I want to sing this one tonight. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my mansion just over the Lord where I'm rightful. Are you in there tonight? I'm rich in faith and hope in love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my legend store in Galore where I'm right first. Oh my father owns the cattle on a thousand hills. I believe I only at least one. I stand amazed to see his face knowing that I'm his son. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. Hallelujah. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my man just over where I'm right there. I have a guardian angel watching me. You go everywhere. But when I need my father in heaven up above, I pray just a simple prayer. I'm rich. Are you rich? Tonight, oh, I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my man just over in glory where I'm rightful. I'm rich. I'm rich in faithful hope in love. I got more than my share. I'll be ruined to my mansion just over in the glory where I'm He's redeemed. Oh, he's redeemed and forgiven me for a heart you glad tonight. Oh, he took me in. Oh, he's building me. Imagine me on prepared. Hallelujah. I'm a million and I'm rich. Hallelujah. Oh my holy love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my just over where I'm right. Last time I'm rich. I'm rich in faith and holy love. I got more than my share. I'll be to my man just over where I'm rightful. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You may be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. See, when you find something of just just wealth, that wealth that precious value. There's one time I was uh at an airport um and I was getting picked up, but right when I went in the car, I found this little little bracelet. had someone's initials on it, but I didn't know who it was. But it was, come to find out, it was a gold bracelet. I was like, "What? This is awesome." But I picked it up and I was excited about it. I had that I was like, "This might be worth something." And it was. I went to the exchange store. I went to one and they were they were like, "That's just $2, you know, it's nothing." I went to another one and it got good, I think 300 or something like that. So, it was good, you know, a little blessing for me. Um, but you know, when you find something like that, you're excited about it. It lifts you up a little bit. Amen. In in the natural sense. Amen. But when you try I'm just hitting home tonight. When you try when you find the true wealth that Christ has, Amen. That's greater than all the happiness in the world. Amen. Hallelujah. So, just seek that. Seek that. You'll find it. Amen. Knock and it shall be open tonight. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. key of G tonight. Maybe F, which I have. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come, longing just to bring something that's worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself, it's not what you have required. [Music] You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. Oh, I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. The king of endless words. No one could express how much you deserve. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and though I'm weak and poor, all I have, Lord, all I have is yours. Every single breath. What are you bringing tonight? I'll bring I'll bring you more than a song for a song itself. It's not what you have required. Thank you, Lord. Oh, you search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. Oh, I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made, but it's all about you. Oh, all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you. Yes. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. When it's all about you, oh, it's all about you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Truly is all about him. Amen. Amen. Revelation song. I think we do the hit a D. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is worship your king tonight. Oh yes. Oh sing a new song to him who sits on. Heaven's mercy sees. Sing that again. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Is he worthy of your praise tonight? will sing, sing a new song to him who sits on. Heaven's mercy sings. Sing holy tonight. Oh, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come with all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. [Music] Clothe rainbows. Let's all stand and sing. Of living color, flashes of lightning, rolls of thunder. Oh yes. Blessing and honor. Blessing and honor. strength and glory and power to the only wise king. [Music] Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. With all creation I sing praise to the king. King you are you are my everything and I will adore you wonder. [Music] Hallelujah. at the mention of your name. Yes, Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] Sing with all your heart tonight. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is to come with all creation. I sing praise to the King Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. [Laughter] Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. He's worthy tonight. Praise the Lord. [Applause] [Music] And is anyone worthy? Oh, is anyone whole? Is anyone able to break the seal and open the soul? He is the lion of Judah who conquered the grave. [Applause] He is David's root and the lamb who died to ransom the slave. Is he worthy tonight? Is he worthy? Is he worthy of all blessing and honor and glory? Is he worthy of him? He is tonight. Oh, he is. And is anyone worthy? Yes, Lord. Is anyone? Is anyone abley tonight? Open the scroll. [Music] Heat. Heat. and who died to ransom. Is he worthy? Is he worthy of all honor and glory? Is he worthy [Music] of this? Shout it out. is for his. Does the father truly love us? Does the father truly love us? He does. Can you testify that he does? Does his spirit move among us? He does. And does Jesus our Messiah forever know those he loves and his We is worthy. Is anyone able to break the seal and open the soul? Oh, he's a lion of Judah. who conquered the grave. And here is David's root and the lamb who died to ransom the slave. Is he worthy? [Music] Is he worthy [Music] of all blessing and honor and glory? Is he worthy of this? Thank you, Lord. He is. He is. We'll finish this song. Second verse. Oh. [Music] Second verse. Go back. [Music] Does the Father truly love us? He does. Yes, Lord. Does his spirit move among us? He does. Yes, Lord. Lord, does Jesus on your side forever those he loves? He does. And does God intend to dwell again with us? I think we missed the first verse. Do the first verse tonight. Oh, do you feel the world's broken? Oh, yes. Oh, do we feel the world is broken? We do. Do you feel the shadows deepen? We do. You know that all the dark won't stop the light from getting through. Aren't you glad tonight we do? Oh, do you wish that you could see it all? Oh, heat, heat. [Music] to raise the sea and all. He is the light of Jer [Music] from every people and try. Oh sh [Music] is worthy. Is he worthy of all blessing and honor and glory? Is he worthy [Music] of praise? He is tonight. Oh, he give the Lord a hand clap of praise. He is tonight. Hallelujah. Praise God. [Music] You may be seated this tonight. If we could have um well, Vanessa, where is she at? We got two specials for tonight. Vanessa and then Sister Tina. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] We haven't sing this one in a while, but feeling okay tonight. Feeling good. God is good tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] On the cross hung my pain and the guilt and the shame. Jesus bore my suffering to the grave to make me free. Oh the blood that was shed. [Music] It outflows to cover sin. It washes clean and purifies in its healing crimson tide. Jesus he took my place in divine exchange. Hallelu grace is mine. Now I will live by faith. For the one who saves, he gave all to give me life. His spirit is my present help. I'd be lost all by myself. He resurrects. He satisfies. He takes his power and makes it mine. Jesus, he took my place in divine exchange. Hallelujah. Grace is mine. Now I will live by faith. For the one who saves, he gave all to give me life. I lay down all lesser things for greater gain. He is alive inside of me. I lay down all lesser things for greater gain. He is alive inside of me. I lay down no less things for greater gain. He is alive inside of me. I lay down all lesser things for greater things. He is alive. Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] to give me Jesus in divine exchange. Hallelujah. Now I will live my faith for the one who saves. He gave all to give me life. I lay down all lesser things for greater gain. He is alive inside of me. I lay down all lesser things for greater thing. He is alive. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Let's all stand tonight and sing this one. Though I give after my mind flat, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior ransome me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing your testimony tonight. Amazing grace. Oh, amazing grace. How sweet the sound is saved. that see a rest like me. [Music] I once was lost but now yes Lord I'm found. Was lost but now I see with all your heart tonight my chains my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has some me and my God. His mercy reigns. Unending love. Obey just the voices. My trains are gone. Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, myior [Applause] answer. And like a flood his mercy reigns. My living time with the music. Oh, my chains are set free. Hallelujah. My God, my soul me. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for his voice tonight? Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. I believe we'll have uh Kiara and Jasmine, Brother Dig's daughters. Such a joy to have them tonight. Why don't they come up and uh they'll sing that song tonight. You may be your seats again and Brother Digs, you can just come on up right after them. Sound good? The Lord. [Music] [Music] You unravel me with a meloy. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my enemies. Until all my fears are gone, I'm no longer a slave. to fear [Music] for I am a child of God. I won't go to fear. Oh, but I am a child of thine. From my mother's womb. You have chosen me. [Music] Your love has called my name. And I've been born again. I've been born again. into a family. [Music] [Applause] from my sing. I'm no longer [Music] to fear for I am for I am a child of God and I'm no longer to fear for I am a Child of God, sing. Oh. [Music] Oh. Sing. Oh. Oh, with the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescue me. You rescue me and I will stand and sing. I am a child of God. You came in the sea. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescued me. You rescued me. So I will stand. I am a child of God. Sing. I am. I am a child of God. I am a child. [Music] A child of God. I am a child of God. [Music] I am a child of God. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Are we glad to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. How many thank God for his mercy? Amen. Has God been good to anybody? I say, has God been good to anybody? I don't know about you, but I'm no longer a slave to fear. But I am a child of God. You know, that song goes right along with the inspiration God has given me. And we didn't plan that, but God is good. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. I I want to sing, but I'm I'm I'mma let it go. Hallelujah. I'mma let it go. Amen. Thank God for his goodness, his mercy. Certainly appreciate Pastor Paul. Amen. His wife, family, church, family. Appreciate all you guys that come out, you know, support what the Lord is doing. And we all know that it's not about us. It's about him. Amen. So, I I hope you're coming to hear from him tonight. Amen. Normally, uh when I preach, I try to preach in reality. I try to preach in real time like right now because I believe God is a God of right now, you know. And we ought not to hold off for tomorrow on what we can do today. Amen. Amen. Uhoh, I see I got to pull my sign out. Got a different crowd in here tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Means I agree with the word. Amen. I agree with the word. Amen. Let's have a word of prayer. Again, like I say, it's good to see everybody and I'm thankful for his goodness. Amen. Appreciate my family that's come up with me. Amen. Let's just pray. Lord Jesus, Father, you are truly our all in all. And Lord, it's in times like these where we need a savior. Lord, we can see all the things that are taking place according to prophecy, according to Lord, what was spoken under the inspiration of the divine prophet, Lord. Lord God, and we're here. We're looking at, Lord, but we are a part of the fulfillment of that prophecy, young and old, Lord. There's a part for each and every one of us to play. So Lord, help us to play our part, Lord, that's already been seen, already been known in heaven, in your mind, and we're playing our role out on this earth. So Lord, we pray that the blessings of the kingdom be upon your people, Lord. Use the gift for your glory, Lord, and in hearing that people may understand, Lord, and see what the spirit of God is saying, Lord. And we thank you in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Let church say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, let's go to Judges chapter 6. Judges chapter 6, and then we're going to go to uh Esther chapter 4. I want Judges chapter 6 and then Esther chapter 4. We're going to read a uh familiar verse of scripture out of Judges chapter 6 verse 11. You have to say amen. The Bible says, "And there came an angel of the Lord and set under an oak which was called Ofra that pertained unto Joash the Aszite, and his son Gideon thresh wheat by the wine press to hide it from the Midians." And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him, and said unto him, "The Lord is with thee, thou mighty man of valor." Amen. Let's go to Esther chapter 4. Esther chapter 4. Let's start at verse 13. We're probably going to come back to Esther, but let's just start at verse 13. Praise the Lord. Esther 4:13, the Bible says, "Then Mori commanded to answer Esther, think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house more than all the Jews. For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall their enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place. But thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed, and whom and who knoweth whether thou come to the kingdom for such a time as this. Amen. May the Lord add a bless to the reading of his word. You can have your seats today by the grace of God. And and we always say this, but you control it. You preach. I mean, I preach. We all preach. Amen. I preach, you pull. Amen. And and and that's how it works. Amen. So, if you want something from God, you got to pull on the gift tonight. Hallelujah. You know, one one thing about God, he's not restricted to an age limit. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's not restricted to an age limit. So that mean that everybody in here tonight can get something from God. Hallelujah. And I and I challenge the adults. Don't think as a youth service, but think of it as a service from God. Amen. And if you got needs, why don't you challenge the Lord and say, "Lord, speak to me." Amen. But tonight, by the grace of God, my my subject is conquerors of fear. Amen. And you know, I I believe fear is something that I'm going to be preaching on until I get out of here. Because when we when I speak to my my young people, my brothers and sisters in the Lord, one thing I realize that a lot of times the young people are not where they are because of fear, because of certain things in their lives, things that they're afraid of, things that they're ashamed of, things that they think they might fail. Hallelujah. And and normally all these things are tied into fear. But I want to show you in the scriptures that God hallelujah can use your fear to show you how great he is. And that a lot of times in moments where we are most fearful, that's when God shows up. So I want you to understand tonight, if there's anything you're afraid of, God already knows. But will you allow God to use you? Hallelujah. uh uh instead of your fears. Amen. And you know, I I'm I'm I'm kind of in shotgun mode, so just let me go. Hallelujah. You know, right here when we're reading in the in the in the book of Judges with Gideon, you know, Gideon wasn't looking for an angel to come and talk to him. He was afraid. He was afraid of what was taking place in his land, in his home. He was afraid. The Bible says he was hiding behind the the wine press. He was afraid. And in the moment, hallelujah, of his greatest fears, God came down. Hallelujah. In the time you may be the most afraid of failure, that's when God can use you. Hallelujah. And in this moment where he was so afraid and the angel came down and said to him, "Hallelujah. You're looking at yourself wrong." Hallelujah. You're looking at this situation wrong. He said, "Amen." He said, "Hell Gideon, thou mighty man of valor, even though you're afraid." Hallelujah. I'm going to tell you, you're a conqueror. Hallelujah. You're not a scaredy-cat. That's not a southern word, is it? Hallelujah. You're not a scaredy-cat, but you in the eyes of God, you are a mighty man of valor. Amen. Tonight, my my inspiration or my subtitle is kings and queens. Hallelujah. I want you young brothers to realize that you are a king in God's kingdom. I want you young sisters to realize you are a queen in God's kingdom. So there's no reason for you to be afraid because a king in his kingdom, he's not afraid of anybody. and a queen in her kingdom. She's not afraid of anybody. Why? Because they have dominion over everything. And I want you to understand, God chose you to be a conqueror. Amen. And not be afraid. Hallelujah. But a lot of time as young people, we look or or or people in general, we look at our insufficiencies. And I got to get my pronunciations and my words right cuz my family will remind me of what I said. So in this moment, hallelujah, Gideon, the angel comes and tells him, "You're a mighty man of valor." And he's behind the wine press like this. Oh, the enem is here again. And I got to Oh, we not going to have any more food. They're going to take out our wheat. And the angel comes and say, "Look up. Stand up. You're a mighty man of valor. And I'm going to use you to Oh, parents, don't get mad at me. I'm going to use you to destroy what your father couldn't do. [Music] He said, "I'm going to use you, Gideon, to go and tear down the groves that your your your father's generation allowed to stay in church and linger around. I'm going to use you." Hallelujah. with a more pure heart, with a more vengeance of faith to destroy the enemy. You're going to be a conqueror of fears. And I want you young people to say to understand that in this day, in this time, God wants to use you. Hallelujah. He wants to use you. Amen. To do things that maybe the other generations couldn't do. Hallelujah. But first, you got to get rid of your fears. Ask yourself, what am I afraid of? My my my what am I afraid of? Look, look, church, uh one one person I love to use when it comes to talking about fears is David. Because when you think of David, David was anointed at a time. Hallelujah. There was going to come a time when a battle was going to rise and no matter how spiritual everybody was, nobody was going to meet the challenge. People been around for wars and rumors of wars. They've been around for prophecies and all these things. But this battle to come is going to take a special anointing. Hallelujah. this battle to come is going to take somebody who knows their God. It's going to take somebody who's not afraid, hallelujah, of the things that they can't control. Hallelujah. In this time of battle, Amen. And what I love about the story of David. Hallelujah. Samuel the prophet went down to Jesse's house to anoint a a a king. And everybody that came to be anointed was not chosen. But they were called. Hallelujah. They were called, but they weren't chosen. Amen. They were there. They were They were there to to be partakers of it, but they weren't chosen. They were there to see who was bringing the anointing. They were there to see what was about to take place, but they weren't chosen for it to happen to them. Hallelujah. And I want you all you young people and all of us in here tonight. Hallelujah. Many are called, but few are chosen. Hallelujah. A lot of people been called to intermingle with this this message of the hour, young and old. But have they been chosen? If you are chosen, God will equip you for the battle to come. And you don't have to fear. Hallelujah. You don't have to fear because what God will do, he'll give you experience. experiences to conquer. Good to see you, Francis. He'll give you experiences to conquer your fears. Hallelujah. So, what does he do? Before David was even anointed, God was dealing with his fears. So, could it be tonight God is trying to deal with your fears because he got a work for you to do? Maybe he got somebody for you to witness to. Maybe it's somebody in your family. Hallelujah. Maybe God want to give you the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So that somebody can see that it's real. Hallelujah. Cuz a lot of times what people do, they will refer to the lack or the doubt versus the truth. Well, if the message was so true, why all them people didn't left? You know what you ought to say? But I'm still here. That's what you ought to say. Hallelujah. Yeah, they left, but I'm still here. and say, "Well, the prophet missed this and he missed that." It don't matter, but I met Jesus. Hallelujah. He's become real to me. Hallelujah. This message has helped change my life. God is real. And I don't have to be afraid to stand on the truth. Hallelujah. But I look, church, and and I and I think about David and David, hallelujah, he wasn't even looking for God as a young man. He was just being obedient to his parents. Hallelujah. And as he was being obedient, God say, "You know what? I'm going to choose a man out of my very own heart." Because Saul, even though he was king, he was operating under fear. And he couldn't conquer his fears. But David, hallelujah, anointed by the same messenger, David comes. Hallelujah. He's out there tending to the sheep and one day a bear comes and David deals with the bear, destroys it. One day a lion comes and David deals with the lion, destroys it. Just that simple. You know what he does? He doesn't go back to church and say, "I got a testimony service." He just let it be what it is. Hallelujah. You don't have to be something in our eyes. Hallelujah. Just just just make sure that whatever God is doing in your closet, whatever God is doing in your secret time, just make sure it's something real. Hallelujah. Because you on your own personal stage is going to have to see whether it's truth or not. Hallelujah. Because a greater test will come. And here comes David. David, hallelujah, dealt with the bear, dealt with the lion. Hallelujah. And then all of a sudden the prophet comes down to hallelujah look for a king. David's minding his business. Y'all know I like saying this cuz I love the story of David. David wasn't even invited. He wasn't even invited. How much more should we take advantage of what's taking place around us because we've been invited? Hallelujah. We call it a tri-state meeting. We've been invited. We've been invited to hear from God. Hallelujah. And now that you here, what are you going to do about it? Let me tell you something. Salvation is not you living in your own world, minding your own business, and saying, "God loves me." No. Salvation is being a witness. Hallelujah. I'm not saying having a Bible in your hand, walking around saying, "God did this for me. God did that for me. I'm the voice of the one crying out in the wilderness. But does your heart yield and yearn to talk about Jesus? When you young people are with your friends, hallelujah, is is is social media. Hallelujah. More prevalent or revalent than God. You know, you get together and say, "Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, did y'all see uh did y'all see Kai on streaming University? Did you did you did you see all these different streamers and did you see Mr. Beast and I show speed and all these guys? Did you see it? You know, easy to see you adults don't know what I'm talking about, but the kids do hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, my son my son used to ask me sometimes and this just me. Don't you try this. This this just me what I used to do when my kids were younger. Hallelujah. The things I felt like that would get next to them, I'd go back and study it. So I I I listen to the popular songs that were out that time and I still do sometimes because I had to deal with young people. I know all about Glorilla. Hallelujah. I know all about some of these things that are taking place because I look into it to see what kind of spirit is behind it. Hallelujah. And you know a while back it used to be Taylor Swift and different ones and you know and one thing about Taylor but one thing about Taylor that people don't understand in her music what she was doing was selling sex. Cuz she write a song about her relationships and tell about how she's moved on with another guy. That's no more hallelujah than a Barbie doll. Don't buy your daughter's Barbie dolls. Barbie got the spirit of whoredom on it. Pay attention to what's going on in the spirit realm. Swimsuit Barbie, disco Barbie, Corvette Barbie, and your little girl watching this image and she want to be swimsuit Emma, swimsuit this and swimsuit that. I'm sorry. Sorry, I don't mean to call no names, but you you you you got to be paying attention because exactly there's a realm of conquering that we need to operate in. Hallelujah. We need to pay attention that there are spiritual things taking place right now in this room. Why am I preaching on fear? Because some of you are afraid to move on with God. Hallelujah. You've been in church in this church. You've been in church at your house. You've been in church, but now that you're in church, what you going to do about it? Hallelujah. What if God was to come meet you in the moment of your fears? What would you do? Look what Gideon did. Oh my, I feel the Holy Spirit moving. Look what Gideon did. He said, "If this is God, if this is the Lord, where be all the miracles?" So, you know what God did? God took him on a journey. Hallelujah. God took him on a journey that began to show him, "It's not by your might or by your strength, but it's by my spirit." Hallelujah. He made him the head of an army. And Gideon thought, I got to have so many people to fight with. And God said, "No, we going to narrow it down. We going to make it look impossible. I'm going to deal with your fear." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I feel like right now, Brother Paul, we're in a horror picture. And some of you have fears and you're trying to hold on to them cuz you're afraid of what's going to happen if you let go. I'll tell you, if you hold on to your fear, you will die. Hallelujah. You ever seen a person who's brave and and and and not afraid to fight back, be the first one to get killed? Normally it's the people who's running fall down next thing you know chop. We're not here to run. God is on our side. Hallelujah. Don't run. Hallelujah. From your this word that is is is traveling around and it's it seems like it's non-stop. Hallelujah. Why was Gideon hiding is what we call today his anxiety? We've made fear, we've normalized it. Hallelujah. Oh my. We go we we we we we let our kids, our family members, different ones, go to the doctor and get Hallelujah. diagnosis and prescriptions for anxiety. I'll tell you the prescription for anxiety. Faith in Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Faith in Jesus will destroy your fears. Hallelujah. And I know you may have come to church tonight not expecting to for someone to be just direct. Hallelujah. Talk to you where you are. What's going on in your mind? What's happening in your spirit? Are you afraid to really give God that released? Gideon was. But God said, "Hey, you a mighty man of valor, and I'm going to make you the head of this army. First thing I want you to do is go down, go back to your daddy's house and tear down all them images. Let me say this, and I'm not being disrespectful." Hallelujah. To all of us, young or old, follow God than rather follow your loved ones. Hallelujah. Because I've seen loyalty to a default. I've seen young people, hallelujah, who are loyal to their parents and they follow their parents right into idolatry. Hallelujah. I've seen family members loyal to one another and they follow each other right out of truth. Hallelujah. We don't want that kind of loyalty. We want loyalty to God so I can love you. Hallelujah. But I can't serve you. Hallelujah. So if your brother get off, keep going with God. If your mama get off, keep going with God. If your daddy get off, keep going with God. If your cousin, if your best friend get off, keep going with God. Don't be afraid to stand out there on your own. You may be a king or a queen. Talk to me, church. Hallelujah. Loyal to a default. I know a brother one time, he was leaving a church. Hallelujah. And I just couldn't take it. I had to go talk to him. Not because of uh anything personal. Well, it was kind of personal, but personal because I felt like he was making a bad decision for his family. Hallelujah. And what a selfish way to be fathers. You got to ought with the ministry. You got to al with somebody in the church and you going to drag your whole family away because of your fears. Oh my. And you know what the kids do? because they are faithful and they're loyal. They follow right along. But what you ought to do, you ought to step back, look at your family now that you've made the decision and see how much they've grown in Christ because that'll be the truth of whether you made the right decision or not. Hallelujah. And I've seen it church, hallelujah, a brother, a friend of mine, amen, still love them like him to this day. Hallelujah. I've seen his kids grow in God. They were in an atmosphere in a good church where they gift start to come out and all these things. And then he benefit, you know what? I think I'm going to leave. I think I'm going to go here. I want to And you know, we get super spiritual. I want to do more for the Lord. And you ain't even doing nothing in the church you in. You ain't doing nothing at the church you at. Then sat there five, six years. And now you talking about I'm leaving cuz I want to do more. I know y'all think this supposed to be a tri state meeting. It is. But I'm still brother D. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But look, I seen him step away and his kids follow. And I asked him, I said, "Well, God leading you to do this. What about your boys? What about your children?" He said, "Well, I told them they can do whatever they want to do." I'm like, "Man, please." You know, because they're loyal, they're going to follow you. You're their dad. You're that you are the image of God to him. Oh my. Well, we ought to be in this time because it's so crucial. We are in such the last days. Everything is taking place. You got to make sure. We got to make sure. All of us got to make sure that we get to Christ. Hallelujah. That's the goal. Get to Christ. Hallelujah. It's not about us following brother Brennham. It's about following Christ. Hallelujah. Because that's who he followed. Christ. And once I get to Christ, everything about Brother Brenam will fall in place. Hallelujah. Young people, I want to tell you, you have a place in the church ages. You have a place in the seal book. Hallelujah. You have a personal angel yourself, but you got to conquer your fears. Hallelujah. Oh my. But look, Gideon goes back and tear down everything. Hallelujah. And everybody get upset, you know. But the Lord says, "You keep going. I chose you for this. Deal with your fears. Now, I ain't telling you go be a re a rebel. Go home and tell your mama. You brother D told me to tell you shut up. No, I ain't say that. Don't put words in my mouth. What I'm saying is get to God in such a way that you will know when he's leading you. And you can make that walk. You can make that step with no fear. Hallelujah. Oh, you you you don't care. Brother Homo was Brother Homo was dropping some bombs this morning. He was saying, "You don't agree with that? I don't care." Hallelujah. Why? Because he's comfortable in his own skin. Hallelujah. And one thing I can say, and I'm sure you can agree with, I am comfortable in my own skin because I know where I come from. I know what God's done for me. And each and every one of us have to get to that point where we know God personally. Hallelujah. You know, hallelujah. When we when we go take trips, me and my family. Hallelujah. There's a thing called TSA. Hallelujah. Now, I got this thing on mine where I got pre-check, but most of them ain't got it cuz they don't travel as much as me. But even though they my family, I tell them, I'm gonna meet y'all around the gate because I didn't pay for this pre-check and I'm gonna use it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So pre-check is where I don't have to do certain things that a normal person got to do. Hallelujah. Certain things I can skip. I ain't got to take my shoes off. I ain't no terrorist. Hallelujah. I ain't got to pull all this stuff out my bag. All I do is put up this a special line for people like me. Hallelujah. And as much as I love my family, they got their own identity. I love them, but I say I see y'all. I see y'all on the other side. What you mean? You can't leave us. I just everything good. I see you on the other side. Hallelujah. Shoot. And you know they trying to make you feel guilty. Shoot. Just because you don't want to take off those shoes. Nope. I got the privilege, so I ain't going to do it. Think about that. No matter how much you love somebody, don't let them steal your privileges of God. Hallelujah. Don't let them, hallelujah, steal your experience with God. Don't let them tell you at the age of 12 or 13 or 17 or 18 or whatever you can't know God in a special way. Yes, you can. You can meet God just like Diddy did in the Bible. Amen. I want you young people to know when it comes to God, he doesn't have a respected person. But if you ever get on your knees and cry out, God will meet you. He has to because that's who he is. Hallelujah. Gideon, he comes. I ain't going to be too much long. Y'all know I'm about to close. conquerors of fear. And we're preaching about fear tonight because no doubt fear is in the building. Hallelujah. I've seen Hallelujah. People sitting right in church, husband and wives, and the wife is afraid of her husband. See, if you would say amen a little bit louder, give a little bit of hallelujah, we wouldn't be zeroing in on these spirits like this. Hallelujah. But we here now. Hallelujah. But look, I've seen it. I've seen it where people are sitting in church and their security blanket is I'm in church. But when they get home, they're afraid of who this man is supposed to be, a man of God until he gets angry. When they get angry, he turns into something else. Hallelujah. Let me tell you, you have a right to be delivered from that. Hallelujah. Amen. Your real true love and you falling in your position can defeat that anger spirit. Hallelujah. How many in the Bible, how many of us have ever seen an angry demon hit Jesus? They couldn't do it. No, Hallelujah. Even the angry demon came up to the prophet and he told him, "What I'mma do to you?" Hallelujah. I'm going to break every bone in your body. He said, he just stood there. Why? Because the same Jesus that was in the Bible was the same Jesus standing behind that flesh. Hallelujah. And he didn't have to be afraid. He was a conqueror of fear. Everybody else behind him jumped up and ran, but he stayed there. Why did everybody else run? Because of the reputation of the man. They heard what he done. So they ran. Hallelujah. But the prophet stood there. He was not afraid. Why? Because of his experiences with God. That's right. I'm no different than you. There have been area there have been times in my life where I've been afraid. But then God comes in and takes away that fear. And once he takes away that fear, Hallelujah. If you ever come back around to that again, you don't have to be afraid. Hallelujah. I was in New Zealand and they got this big old tower that you go all the way up to the whatever floor it is. It's way up there. It seem like you in the clouds. You go way up there and then they got a floor where it's a glass floor and you walking around on it and you can see the bottom and say, "Come on. Come on, brother D. Come on." I say, "Now other people have done it plenty of times, but now I got to conquer my fear." Didn't matter what kind of shoe I had on, a pair of Jordans, but them Jordans couldn't help me right then. Hallelujah. This wasn't basketball. This was a a step a faith glass and I didn't seen somebody else do all of they walking around. But I'm from Carolina. I'm not from New Zealand and all this is new to me. So I'm like they said, "Come on, brother. It ain't going to bother you." And I'm thinking in my I got all these kind of thoughts in my mind. Where do these thoughts come from when it's time for you to do something that you've never done before? Yes, sir. A lot of times it's the enemy not want you to recognize who you are. A lot of times it's the enemy not want you young people to realize your potential. Hallelujah. Let me say this. If you got friends that don't make you a better person, that's not your friend. [Music] If you if you go to church together and you leave church and there's no conversation about church, that's not somebody you need to be around. Amen. Amen. Cuz we'll dress up for church. We'll look nice for church. We'll do all these things for church, but we won't be the church. Hallelujah. We'll put on our show. We'll we'll we'll come and present oursel like glamour girls. We have everything right. Cuz the one might be there this weekend. And I want a Christian man, but I'm not a Christian. I want a Christian woman, but I'm not a man of God. That's why you got to know God. But boy, I tell you why. That's the reason why some of these young people are not married because they're afraid. That's right. Cuz the young men are not honest and the young women are not honest. Everybody's playing the religion game. They look good in church. They sing on the choir, but when they get home, their rooms nasty. They don't do the dishes. They don't do nothing they supposed to do. Young boys don't cut the grass. Hallelujah. Don't know don't even know how to uh pick up clothes behind themselves. But I'm ready to be a husband. No, you ready to make somebody angry cuz the first thing she going to do is look at why you dropping your clothes way over there. The hamper over here. But because he's never had to clean up behind himself and now he's Oh, I need to leave this alone. Let me leave this alone. Hallelujah. Because hey, hey, brother Paul, I hope you don't mind. Hallelujah. But what we've done, we push these kids into marriage and they not ready. We pull out quotes and all these things and brother Brandham said, "Marry young." Yeah. If you got the Holy Ghost, but if you ain't got the Holy Ghost, all you're going to do is mess up somebody's life, brother. [Applause] Cuz in reality, you getting married is not about a spiritual yearning for headship. It's more about a natural sexual yearning. [Music] You ain't want to get married cuz you you want to follow a a good leader. No. You like, boy, he's hot. He's so hard. See, he's making me hard. And all both of you gonna be hard in hell. Because you're choosing the wrong things besides God. Hallelujah. Think about it. What should we be looking for? We should be looking for character. Hallelujah. Character is not a gift, but it's the victory. Right. Hallelujah. But I'm ready to be a wife. Oh, you are this generation. Hallelujah. Of young girls, they don't even know how to sew. Y'all can say amen. And it ain't y'all fault. Society has put you in a stage, a realm where everything, hallelujah, it's easy. You You don't have to use a needle and thread. You just pay somebody to do it. Hallelujah. Young men don't know how to be men anymore. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They don't they can't even change a tire. Can't even do simple things. Why? Because society has made them that way. But it's up to us to bring back the real man. Sisters, it's up to you to bring back the real woman. Hallelujah. And say, nowadays, women want a godly man, but they don't want to be a godly woman. And vice versa. Hallelujah. Oh my boy. We went from cocking fear to relationships. You know why? Because too many of you are thinking about that when you should be thinking about God. Hallelujah. Where are you with God? Are you in love with him more than the fantasy of being married? Are you in love, hallelujah, with God's peace? Hallelujah. With God's deliverance and salvation. Are you in love with Calvary? [Applause] Oh my. Oh my. Brother, why you feeling? Cuz I feel like the devil is getting knocked out tonight. Victory is ours. I want you young people to understand that coming to church is more than you just dressing right. That's right. It's more than you just waiting out the service cuz you say this is brother Paul if I think he definitely going to have some snacks after church. It's more than that. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. It's it's more than a good time. But it's you, hallelujah, having an encounter with God where your life is changed forever. Hallelujah. When I met God at the age of 15 with cancer in my brain, my life changed forever. And what he did for me, he became my savior, my healer, deliverer. And no matter what I did, you can never take that away from me because it's something real. It's something real. It's something. Hallelujah. I was in a predicament that my mama couldn't get me out of, that my daddy couldn't get me out of. What was it? It was Hallelujah. me meeting God for myself. And that's what we need. We need a personal encounter with God. You're getting old, rich or poor. [Music] What good is coming to church and you don't hear from God? And it's not to say that God is not speaking. It's where are you? Listen, I need to move along. I thought somebody going to say, "Thank you, Jesus." Let's move along. What we've done is we put our natural needs before our spiritual needs. And anytime you put your natural needs before your spiritual needs, the element fear is still there to dominate. Oh my. Listen, let's move on. God took away Gideon's fear. How? by simply showing him, I'm with you. Just keep moving forward. As he moved forward, God moved with him to show him how relevant he was. God moved with him to show that whatever step you take, if you keep your eyes on me, I'm here with you. Hallelujah. So, what he did was he took him out there, this big old army and all this stuff. And God say, "You need to thin it down. Let's thin it down." And I think he went from 20,000 all the way down to 400 or 600, something like that. You can go back and look it up. He said, "And with this amount of men, you going to defeat the enemy." I'm going to deal with your fears in a supernatural way in a way, hallelujah, that the enemy can't make you doubt it anymore. You know it had to be me. And that's what I love about God. God will do things in your life, hallelujah, till nobody else can get the credit but him. That's right. Can I get a witness? Have things happened to you that nobody else can get the credit? But God. But God. You remember this morning, sir? Yes, sir. Only God. The problem is too many of us have have had a still birth. You know what a still birth is? The baby's born, but then there's no life to show that it's alive. Hallelujah. And I ain't saying you got to jump, scream, and holler. But what I'm saying is if there's a life of Christ inside of you, that life will ooze out. That life will testify on its own. Hallelujah. That life, hallelujah, will look to grow in Christ. Hallelujah. And what you young people should be looking for is to grow in Christ. Hallelujah. See, hallelujah. A a a queen, hallelujah, have may have been a princess first, but then there was a time in her life where she grew up and adoption came in. And now she can run the whole kingdom. Hallelujah. And a king, he was a prince first, but then there was a time in his life where he grew up and he was able to take over the whole kingdom. What stage are you in? Listen, conquerors of fear. The prophet of God, he says, oh my, here's some powerful quotes. I want you to catch it cuz I ain't going to be too much longer. He said, there's only two elements that you can live by. There's only two elements you can be controlled by. Did you hear that? There's only two things tonight that you can be controlled by. Y'all know I'm a walker. What's your name, bro? Steve. Steve. There's only two elements you can be controlled by. What's your name? Rebecca. There's only two elements you can be controlled by. What's your name? Brent. Brent. There's only two elements you can be controlled by. Now, I just took three people and told them the same thing. But that goes for everybody in this room. Exactly. What am I doing? I'm destroying the myth, but I'm different. Brother Diggs. I'm different. No. Two elements that you can be controlled by. Hallelujah. No matter what you going through, no matter what your past is, no matter what house, hallelujah, you were born in, hallelujah, Canadian or American, there's only two elements. But what the devil comes and he does, he says, "But your situation is different." No, two elements. Say it with me. Two elements. that you can be controlled by. Well, Steve might say, "But I'm older than them." Two elements. Rebecca might say, "But I'm a girl." Two elements. Exactly. Hallelujah. Don't somebody say, "Well, I'm married." Two elements. Exactly. Do somebody say, "I wasn't born in a message, though." Two elements. Do somebody say, "Well, I've never been to Jeffersonville." Two elements. Whatever your excuse is, hallelujah. You're either being controlled by God or the devil. Amen. Amen. Victoria, two elements. Thank you, Jesus. And sometimes when you preach like this, people resent you because it's too plain. And we strip away your excuses. But I'm only I'm only How old are you? Yeah. You 14. What's your name? Armen. Armen. Almond's 14. But you know what? Two elements. Can't get away from it. What's your name, bro? Chris. Chris, how old are you, Chris? 31. 31. My I'm jump from 14 to 31. Chris, two elements. Amen. Caleb, two elements. I've been married for 18 years. Me and my husband been married for 18 years. One, two elements. She gets through my two elements. Hallelujah. Jasmine Joe. My dad is a preacher. Two elements. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. I got one jumping out at me, but I can't find nobody. Oh my. Let me walk on this side. Bear with me. I got something brooding right now. I'm looking for somebody. I can't quite find them. So, I got to come all the way back here. Yeah. I'm on a Fontine. Two elephants. Hallelujah. It don't matter your background. It don't matter where you come from. It don't matter what you've been through. Hallelujah. You're either going to be controlled by God or the devil. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've been serving the Lord since 1990. I ain't I ain't going to give y'all I ain't going to give it all to you. You like, man, he ain't a young person. Why is he preaching to the young people? But it doesn't matter. Hallelujah. Brother people, how long you've been serving the Lord? 44 years. 44 years. Good God almighty. I'm looking at Jesus. This my guy. I love him. I just love his personality, his character. Hallelujah. You know, some people you can just look at and when you see them, they just bring a a good feeling about themselves. I appreciate him. Met him years and years ago down in Lama's always been the same every time you see me. Hallelujah. But think about it. He's been serving the Lord longer than I have. 44 years. But when it comes to this two elements, everybody say it with me. Two elements, right? We all are controlled by two elements. I know on this row, y'all waiting for me to come over here. Hallelujah. Everybody say it with me on this row. All right. There we go. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. See, it's all right to intermingle with the spirit. Church is not supposed to be some bored place where we go to waste time, but it's supposed to be a place where we meet God. God talks to us and he gives us substance when we go back home. Leave out of church like brother Homer said with a smile on your face. It ain't that's I remember I remember one time I was preaching someplace and and you know people this is here this is neither here nor there but I'm just making a point. I was preaching some place and after service went over to the fellowship hall and you know people be so doctrinal the man like we can't we can't we can't worship in we can't eat in here it's connected to the church. The fellowship halls is supposed to be a different building. I'm like huh? He's like, "Yeah, God's not here." I said, "Brother, you see all these people walking around smiling, happy, talking about the Lord. God's not here." I said, "We just came out of service, powerful healings and all kind of stuff. This lady who was crippled, had a back broke. God healed her right there in the service and he's he's so busy caught up on a a misinterpreting a a quote, he can't even see what God has done." Right? And that's what's happened a lot of times in church. We so busy don't want to quote the bam over somebody head. We can't even see when God is dealing with our children. We won't even give God a chance to move. He's going to God's not here. God's not here. I said, "Father, look at all the people. Look at this man look at me and say it's the food. They happy because of the food." Oh Lord. And I couldn't take it no more. I couldn't take it no more. I said, "Brother, you mean to tell me some CocaCola and potato chips will heal people and put joy on their face like this?" Hey, I'm I'm just trying to tell you what the prophet said. Oh my. We've been reduced, hallelujah, to fussing and fighting about nonsense when God is here. God is here to produce a change. God is here to take away our fears. God is here to make us better people. And we fussing and fighting about quotes. Amen. The reason why we have so much division is because of people's fears. That's exactly reason why people talk about worship and all these other things because they lazy. They don't want to clap their hands. They don't want to stand to their feet. You know, brother Brandon says a still small voice. Well, I ask you how many still small voices it was when they crossed through the Red Sea. I guarantee you what none of them quiet did. Hallelujah. The Bible said Miriam grabbed a tambourine and all the daughters of Zion followed. [Applause] Let me move on. Everybody all right. Listen, where was I? I say all that and y'all still don't remember. two elements that you can be controlled by that is either faith or doubt. And listen to this. If you are doubting which doubt is fear. Amen. Amen. I want everybody in here tonight stop doubting yourself. Stop doubting. Hallelujah. that you can have a true genuine connection with God that goes beyond just being in church, but something personal when you can recognize his voice, when you can recognize his leadership. And that's where Satan wins when he has us walking by doubt. Because listen, he says there is either faith or doubt. Doubt will accompany fear. So if you doubt yourself, the spirit of fear is right there with you. Fear will accompany doubt. So if Jesus said fear not, don't be afraid. God keeps his word. No matter what condition you are tonight, God keeps his word. Let me say this now. That's showing what the devil does. Fear and doubt work together. But what happens when you got love and faith? I love God. Oh my. Listen, just loving just just loving him. Oh, we say we have faith. We have love. But if we had love, we'd have faith. For that is perfect love castethes out what? All fear. Now listen to this next part. And when fear is gone, faith is perfect. Oh my. That right there, what we just had was like one of them nuclear bombs. Hallelujah. It's like one of them bombs the US just dropped on Iran this morning. Hallelujah. When fear is gone, your faith is perfect. Shouldn't we all desire to walk in that? I'm no longer a slave to fear, but I'm going to step out on faith and God will accompany you. I read Esther to say in Esther chapter 4, Morci was telling her to go before the king because something is about to happen to the Jews. And Esther, let's let's back up and read it. Esther chapter 4. Let's go to uh let's start at verse 11. I want you to catch catch the context. Now the background is hallelujah. The king put away his first wife because she wouldn't be obedient. Right. So he sit down say I got to get myself a new queen. Hallelujah. And Esther got the job. Hallelujah. Because she came to the king just being herself. Yes, sir. She didn't have no BBLs or CDLs or whatever else kind of L's. There you go. Hallelujah. She didn't have no lip injections, no cheek injections, no botox, no flowtox. She just came to the king as she was. She didn't have no Fendy makeup. Kardashian makeup. Hallelujah. She came as she was. And you know what? That was enough for the king. Amen. Everybody else was purifying theelves. They was putting all their perfume on white diamond, you know, spraying on their obsession. [Music] You know, I always say these names. These these names got spirits behind them, right? That's so true. Obsession. Yes. He won't leave me alone cuz he's obsessed. You just sprayed the stuff on. But look, she come. There's a lot of other There's a lot of other names I can hit, but I'mma leave it alone. Hallelujah. I I like alone, too, but I always stuff like cool water. Hallelujah. One of my favorites is the king of Hallelujah. When I put Let me stop. Let me stop. Let me stop. Let me stop. Sometimes I got something to make me think I'm greater than what I am. I like to put on some diesel. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But anyway, you look Esther now, she's she she she's she's, you know, there's a purification process and all these things and she said, "You know what? I'm just coming like I am. I got to quit. You wonder how long I've been preaching?" One hour. All right. I try to be courteous. Amen. But look, Esther, she has to go through the she has to no and I didn't I didn't hit the hit the snooze. I cut it off. But anyway, Esther, she has to go through the purification and they have to do all this stuff and all this and Esther's chosen. Now she's the queen. Now something is arising. Trouble is arising. Hallelujah. Morei is telling her, Esther, you need to go speak up for your people. And Esther, this is Esther's response. Where I'm at, chapter uh 4, let's start at verse 11. Let's start at verse 10. And again Esther spake uh uh unto Hack and gave him commandment unto Mori. All the king's servants and the people of the king province did do know that whosoever whether man or woman shall come unto the king into the inner court, who is not called, there is one law of his to put him to death. Yeah. So Esther Esther got all that she going through. She's afraid to approach the king cuz she don't want to die. She know that there's a lot going on. Hallelujah. The Jews are about to be persecuted, but she's thinking about her own life. That's true. And she's the queen. I wonder how many of us are thinking about our own life. Wow. True. I'll say this as a son. I'm a father, but I was a son also. I was doing something crazy one time and I thought about it. I say, "What if you get caught? How's your mama going to feel?" See, that's what we don't think about. We don't think about how how the things we do affect those that love us. Hallelujah. How that parent will feel to come pick you up in jail. Or come find you in a crack house. Hallelujah. Yeah, you done been taken advantage of or whatever and they know they didn't raise you like that. Or you forsake the truth and go out in the world and live this this worldly life and destroy your testimony. You don't think about the hurt you've caused. But I did that one day and I and I, you know, it was just so plain. I It's just a voice in my head. I just it just came back to me and just said, "You stupid." Now I was just, you know, talking to myself, my own conscious. You stupid. Why are you doing that? Think about how she would feel. Oh, she didn't put into you. Hallelujah. She didn't took a leave off of her job to be by your side while you had cancer in your brain. Hallelujah. She was there to cook and clean for you, to make sure you was good. And you're returning to her. This all you young people who don't have a license, have been driven here tonight, you ought to show some appreciation right to your parents or however you got here cuz they love you enough they want to put you in the presence of God. They're not doing this for themselves. They're doing it for you. And that's the thing we don't see as as as children. When you become an adult, you'll see it. Man, mama did all this for me. Daddy did all this for me. And what are you returning to them? Now, most of my kids are grown. Well, all of them pretty much. But you know, some of the most satisfying things about it, we'll go somewhere, we planning a trip, and we say, "Well, the trip is XYZ, and you know, we got to pay for this and pay for that." And and then some of them say, "Well, Dad, we got our own money. We'll take care of this." I'm like, "Thank you." Oh, thank you. Thank you. Oh, boy. Woo. What a feeling. Can I get an amen, parents? Hallelujah. Think about that. When your son come come to you and say, "Daddy, let me take you out to dinner." Oh, thank you, Jesus. Boy, I feel like speaking in tong. Oh, that daughter, you come home and that daughter say, "Mom, don't worry about it. I got dinner tonight." Mhm. Man, that wife feel like shouting the house. Mama feel like shouting the house down. Right. You going to cook and it going to taste good. Oh my. Now, if you still learning, that's a different story. Mom might be like, "No, I got it, baby. Go ahead." We don't want to upset the whole house. I got it. But you ought to want to, The God told Tommy Osborne, "Go sit up under that oak tree and learn." Honey, he was not only talking about spiritually, but natural things, too. sit up under that tree and learn. That's what you're doing as a young lady. You're sitting up under your mother's tree and you're learning the things of God. Same thing as a young man, you're sitting up under the oak tree of your father. Hallelujah. And you're learning the things of God. And if you don't have a father, that's what a pastor is. I got to quit. But Esther, Esther don't want to get in no trouble. Even though she the queen, she's saying, you know, we can't approach cuz you could be killed, you'll die. Hallelujah. She saying, and there's one law that is to put him to death except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden scepter. Hallelujah. That he may live. But but I not have been called to come in unto the king. Hallelujah. these 30 days. Now, she got all reason according to the law to stand still. Yes, sir. But we're not under the law. Hallelujah. We've been given grace. Hallelujah. The Bible says, "Come boldly before the throne of God." Hallelujah. That's not coming like you somebody special. That's coming in reverence knowing that God has the answer to your need. So come boldly before the throne of God. And Esther makes this excuse. He says, and they told Mori these words. Now listen to Mori. Mori responds in in in in verse 13. He says, then Mori commanded to answer Esther, seek not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house. He said, "I know you're the queen, but whatever happens, you're going to feel it. Whatever happens, you're going to be held accountable for it." Think about that, young people. Hallelujah. What if God put you in position to make a change and you stand still? You're going to be held accountable for that. God gave you a friend or maybe a best friend and you won't even witness to him. You're going to be held accountable for that soul. But y'all on social media, y'all y'all talking about all this other stuff and won't talk about God, the very substance of who you are. He said, "Thou shall not escape in the king's house more than all the Jews. For if thou for if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall catch it not then shall their enlargement and deliverance arise in in the Jews from another place. But thou in thy father's house shall be destroyed because you had a chance to make a change and you didn't. Don't be that person. Amen. Don't be that person that can be a witness to somebody and change their lives, but you're so busy worried about your reputation, worried about losing friends, or worried about somebody looking at you different when your life, your words can help somebody get closer to God. He says, "And knowing whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this, Could it be today that God allowed all of us to come to this tri-state meeting because there's something God has for you and he wants to take away your fear. Let's not be afraid. Look, every stage of my journey, there was some kind of fear, but God dealt with it. It ain't one brother that I know, I'm I'm speaking from experience. It ain't one brother that I know that honestly when they stepped into the call of preaching, they was like, "Boy, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready to loose it. I got so much revelation." Yeah. Oh, they were afraid. If it's a real man of God, he's afraid because he knows whatever he says, he's going to be held accountable. Now, that guy that thinks he's God's gift to the world, you better watch him. Hallelujah. But that man, we know the prophet of God say a real man of God, he runs from the gift. But nowadays, everybody wants to be a preacher. Why? But look, Esther was trying to run from it. And Morci say, "Hey, you think you safe in the king's house? Whatever happens, you going to be the cause of it." And I ain't going to read it cuz I'm running out of time. But Esther, when she heard that, she reconsidered, hallelujah, who she was. She was like, "I'm the queen." Hallelujah. I'm the queen. If anybody got access to the king, I do. Hallelujah. So Esther against her fears, she conquered her fear and she went back there to the king. Hallelujah. And what did the king do? The king reached out the golden chapter. And he told her, Esther, hallelujah. Whatever you want, I got is yours all the way up to half of my kingdom. Once she conquered her fears, she had all that the king had. And if we could just conquer our fears tonight, everything that belongs to God belongs to you. Think about that tonight, church. Everything that belongs to God belongs to me. He's reached out the golden chapter to us. Forget about what your other friends are doing. Go back there and reach out to the king. Oh my. Listen, I'm I'm I'm going to close with this. Come listen. I'm closing. Listen. The prophet of God says, "God can use anything that's afraid." Oh my. God can use anything that's afraid. You know, Gideon had to send them all back. Hallelujah. Was scared. And if you're afraid to testify of your healing before he comes, God can't use you. If you're afraid to tell people you're you receive the Holy Ghost, don't worry. Hallelujah. He says, "I doubt whether you'll even get it or not. See, God wants heroes." God needs a hero tonight. God needs a sheer tonight. A king or a queen. That's who you are. Let's stop walking in fear and walk in faith. Because doubt is accompanied by fear. Hallelujah. But faith is accompanied by the love of God. Hallelujah. God wants a hero. He wants something that's brave. God wants something that'll stand up and talk. That's not scared to tell your boss or anyone else, "Jesus Christ, the son of God, has saved me from the life of sin." [Applause] Hallelujah. God want somebody to testify, I'm no longer a slave to to fear. Yes, but I'm a child of God. Hallelujah. And saying all we've said tonight, if you don't remember anything, Hallelujah. If you are afraid, God can use you. Hallelujah. But if you realize in your weakness, you're made strong. Hallelujah. See, weaknesses, you say, "I'm this. I'm that. I can't do this. I can't do that." All you're doing is making excuses. But if you say, "I can't do it, but God can." I don't know how to do it, but God can. I ain't ready to do it, but God is. How many of you would even take the time to acknowledge God where he is with a message like this and say, "Lord, were you talking to me? Were you trying to make yourself more aware to me? Is it just Brother Diggs or Lord are you talking to me? That's what services like these are all about. It's not about good preaching. It's about you coming into a deeper awareness with God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. A deeper awareness with God. That's what we want. Amen. We don't want to just come to church and say, "I went to church." But we want to leave out of here saying, "Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. I came and I had things on my heart and God spoke to my heart." As a young person, can you imagine when God conquered David's fears? This is the last story and I'mma quit. Hallelujah. Where did God deal with David's fears? Back there with the bear and the lion. So when he saw Goliath, it was just another another branch. It was just another battle. It was just another bear and another lion. Even though he was 9 ft or whatever he was tall, David didn't look at it like that. David looked at it like, "God is with me." If he was with me back then, he's with me right now. That's right. Hallelujah. So David goes and he he asks everybody, "What's the reward for his head?" He wasn't afraid. But all the people that were in position, they were afraid. Saul, all of David's brothers, all of the men that were chosen, all the men, I mean, that were called, hallelujah, they were afraid. But here comes David, a man out of God's very own heart. He plainly tells Goliath what he going to do to him. That's a man who knows God. He looks at this 9 ft terror. He looks at this 9 ft giant who has a reputation of destroying kingdoms and David looks at him. I'm going to cut your head off and doesn't even have a sword. Hallelujah. What was his faith? His faith was in Jesus. His faith was in the mighty God. Did he do it? He was a conqueror of fears. And look, church, when you go back and read, I ain't got time to read it, but when David killed Goliath, David ran and stood on top of him. Somebody need to stand on their demon tonight. Some of you young people need to stand on your fears tonight. You need to get on your tippy toes. Stand on that anxiety. Hallelujah. Stand on that sickness. Hallelujah. Stand Hallelujah. Stand on the things that you are afraid of. You need to stand on it tonight. David ran over, stood on it, took the enemy's sword out of his own sheath. Amen. Cut his head off. And you know what that did? David, because he was a conqueror of fear, he released the fears of everybody that was behind him. When David killed Goliath, everybody else in the audible. That's right. When David killed Goliath, everybody that was once afraid when Goliath went down, the Bible said that they chased the Philistines. Hallelujah. So you in your position, you conquering your fears. Hallelujah. It could release somebody else. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. David released his brothers. David released the king. Hallelujah. He released everybody because he wasn't afraid. Will somebody not be afraid tonight? [Applause] God needs a hero. God wants a sheer. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. You are the real conquerors tonight. Hallelujah. Let's break in right here. Let's break in with the Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh. Oh. [Music] Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory was lost. Come on. One more time. Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs. Everybody sing a war cry. [Music] Oh, the victory belongs to Jes. Anybody have the victory? Come on. Come on. [Music] Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to you. The victory is more [Music] the victory Jesus. Victory victory belong to Jesus. Victory. We got the victory. Sing it with me. [Music] Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to me. [Music] Victory belongs to Jesus. belongs. I need a sister say come on sisters. Come on sisters. [Applause] [Music] One more time. Come on sister. One more time. Come on sisters. [Music] Victory [Music] brothers [Music] victory. [Music] Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] One more time everybody. Everybody [Music] Oh, [Music] victory belongs to Jesus. Victory. Let's bring it all the way down. Let's bow our heads. Bring it all the way down. Keep playing, King. Let's bring it all the way down. Don't look around. Don't compare your battle to somebody else's battle. The reason why I'm singing that song is because I want you to understand in Jesus you have the victory and you don't have to be afraid. That song says, "Who can stand before our King? Who can stand before our Lord?" Nobody can. And your God is here tonight to tell you, "Victory belongs to you." Whatever your fears are tonight, let them go. Let him go right now. Talk back to Satan and tell him, "I don't belong to you. My mind, my heart doesn't belong to you. It belongs to Jesus." Belonging. Oh. Oh. [Music] Jesus. Make a confession to the Lord. Whatever standing in the way, whatever you're afraid of right now in this moment, give it to the Lord, give God all your fears, all your anxieties, all your troubles, whatever spirit it may be. Give it to the Lord right now. We're not trying to work you up, but we're trying to let you see that God is here and he wants to do it for you more than you want it. Would you just not be afraid to walk with him, Lord Jesus, in this moment, Lord? Make yourself real to your people, Lord. Take us beyond the church service and past the outer court, Lord, into that veil, Lord, into that holy place where only you are, Lord. Lord, where our troubles can't follow us, our pains and our hurts can't follow us, our own ambitions can't follow us, but in your presence, we stand there alone with you. And we say tonight, God, have your way with us. As we pray, say unto God, Lord, have your way with me. Lord, this word was shared tonight for me that my fears can be dealt with, that I can be a conqueror of fears like Esther, like Gideon, like David. Lord, have your way with me right now in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, I bind you. I bind your thoughts in the minds of your people, challenging them to remain the same. I bind you in the name of Jesus. Loose God's people right now in the name of Jesus. And I say unto you, go free. Go free right now. Go free in the name of Jesus. Go free. If you believe you are free, go free right now. Don't be afraid to be free. If you are free, go free right now. Hallelujah. Don't carry that hurt anymore. Don't carry that pain anymore. Hallelujah. Don't carry that doubt anymore. But this is your opportunity to be free in Jesus. Go free. Go free. Victory belongs to Jesus. Thank you, Lord. And if you are on the side of the Lord, victory belongs to you. Thank you, Lord. I feel the grips of Satan loosening right now. I feel the grips of the enemy loosening right now. loosening right now [Music] in the master's name of Jesus Christ. [Music] You won't be afraid to trust you [Music] in the name of Jesus. [Music] If you believe he's here, if you believe he's here, say his name. Jesus. Somebody call on his name again. Jesus. Demons fear and tremble at the name of Jesus. Your deliverance is in the name of Jesus. We don't have to be afraid to call on the name of Jesus. [Music] If you don't know what to do, just call on the name Jesus. Oh, victory belongs to Jesus. Go free tonight. Don't walk out of here remaining bound, but go free in the name of Jesus. You got a right to be a hero. You got a right to be a sheer in the name of Jesus. [Music] Come on, let's sing it again. Oh, take it. Let's worship. Who will stand against the Lord? Sing that verse with me. Who will stand? Who will stand against the Lord? No one can. No one will. Oh, who can stand against our king? No one can. [Music] No one will. [Music] Oh, the victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to you. Oh, [Music] victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Who can stand? Oh, who will stand against the Lord God? No one can. Hallelujah. No one will father and who stand who stand against the king. No one no one can no one no one will. [Music] Oh the victory belongs to Jesus. victory belongs to you. [Music] Oh, the victory belongs to Jesus. The victory belongs to him. So we put our trust so we put our trust in you. Thank you, Lord. So I see you will [Music] I find my vtory [Music] forever victorious. Forever we win. I find my victory. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] belongs. Victory belongs to Jesus. [Music] The victory belongs to Jesus. [Music] Oh, [Music] victory belongs to Jesus. [Music] The victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs. Why don't you put your trust in him? Sing that again. So we put our trust in you. Yes Lord. Oh yes we [Applause] will. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Victory. [Music] The victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to me. The victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Victory belongs to Jesus. [Music] Oh, [Music] victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. [Music] Oh, [Music] the victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. I hear Oh, I hear those chains falling. [Music] Oh, I hear those chains falling. Oh, I hear those chains falling. Oh, I hear those chains falling. Do you hear them? Let them go now. Oh, I hear I hear those chains falling. Let the fear go right now in Jesus name. Oh, I hear the chains falling. There is power. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. What does he do to break every chain? Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power. There is power in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. I want to be a part of that army. Invincible army. Oh, there's an army rise up. Stand on your enemy tonight. Oh, there's an army rise up. There's an army ring up. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] [Music] Rise up. [Music] Riseing up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every Oh, break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praise. He broke all of our chains by the blood of the lamb and on the word of our testimony. Hallelujah. But you are a mighty conqueror. He lives tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. We're experiencing the I am tonight. Amen. He is. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I just want to keep on singing and singing. Amen. Praise the Lord. But uh just so encouraged. Amen. I like when I like when ministers talk about Gideon cuz um my name's at, but I can relate to that. So, God bless you. Thank you, Brother Diggs. And um let's just give our Lord another hand clap of praise just all for what he's done this weekend. God is so good. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Just a few announcements as we go. Amen. Yes, it's Paula the Paul Fontaine special. We got snacks in the back. So you can um don't go through these doors, but go around this way um through those exit doors. Okay? And then uh the other thing would be third the third Sunday night of July, we're going to have brother Aaron McGary. So come on back. We'd love to have you back. God bless each and every one of you. And uh let's just go let's just go singing that tonight. Just as a just as an army rising up. We'll sing that. There's an army rise. Shake your neighbor's hand as you go. Sing. There's an army. Oh, there's an army rising up. Oh, there's an army rising up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army. There's an army rise up. Oh, there's an army riseing up. Oh, there's an army riseing up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain.
