################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-20 - 2025.07.20AM - Bro. Aaron McGeary - The Work Of God - Aaron McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-20
Title:    2025.07.20AM - Bro. Aaron McGeary - The Work Of God
Speaker:  Aaron McGeary
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0lfLMitC14
========================================

Description:
0:00 Preservice Worship
8:45 Opening Prayer
9:22 Preservice Worship
26:21 Special - I Speak Jesus
33:06 Preservice
34:39 Special - Believing Becomes My Victory
40:15 Preservice
43:46 Preservice Worship
46:19 Sermon
2:07:10 Postservice Worship
2:08:20 Postservice
2:15:03 Postservice Worship
2:16:13 Closing Prayer
2:18:28 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, great. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. every thought. He sees each tears that falls and he hears me when I call. Sing that one more time. Oh, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees the tears that fall and he hears me when I fall. If you would stand with me this morning, I'll sing the first verse. I have a maker. He formed my heart. But before even time began, my life was sing. If you will stand with me this morning and worship. He knows my name. He knows my name. He knows my every sing and he hears me when I call. Oh, I have a father. So glad I have a father. He calls me his own. And he will never leave. He never leaves me. No matter where. Oh, he knows my name. He knows my name. He knows your everything. He knows my sees. He tears that far and he hears me when I call. But the rap come forward and say what a prayer this morning for us. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we come before your presence, Lord, and thank you for the grace that you've given us in this last week, Lord. And we just, Lord, ask that you would come and move in our hearts in a special way today, oh God. Lord, we just uh we just praise you and thank you, Lord. We pray that uh we might be able to make your name great, Lord. You'd be enthroned, Father, in worship, Father, in our hearts, oh God. Lord, I pray that we just create an atmosphere today, Lord, that you could just come amidst us, oh God, and speak special things to us, oh God. Lord, we worship you in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. I can't hear you. Praise the Lord. I'm so glad to be in God's presence this morning. Are you happy to be here? You sure nobody forced you to be here? Even if you feel forced, just just stay in that presence for a little bit. You feel God's presence and you feel like you ought to be here. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be Let me hands this morning. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. You're worthy. Oh, let's sing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. One more time. Oh, hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. When I think of all you've done, all the victories you've won, I will lift my voice and praise, most holy one, for you are wonderful, marvelous, glorious, the mighty God. I will lift my voice and give you the high praise. Hallelujah. You're worthy toy of all praise. Hallelujah. You're worthy to hallelujah to the kingdom of kings. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. your word to be praised. I lift my hands. Oh. Oh. I lift my hands. I praise. I bow my heads, Lord. I bow my head high. I lift my head. I praise the Lord. I bow my head forever. I lift my hands. I lift my hands. I praise you, Lord. I bow my head in worship. I honor you. Oh, I lift my hands. I praise you, Lord. Oh, I found my hand. Oh my heart. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be. Hallelujah. You're worthy to thank. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. You're worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. He's worthy to be praised this morning. Amen. He's the center of our our life and his joy of our life is worthy to be praised. Amen. Even when we don't see the answers to our prayers, we still praise him anyhow. Amen. Cuz we we're not loving him because of what he's given us, we love him because he first loved us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. in the key of F. I've got a life of God in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got his life, his nature, and his ability. I've got the light of God. Oh, help me sing. I've got the light of God in me. I've got the light of God in me. I've got his life, his nature, and his ability. I've got the life of God in me. Oh, I've got the love of God in me. I've got the love of God in me. I've got his love, his nature, and his ability. I've got the love of God in me. Oh, I've got the joy of God in me. I've got the joy of God in me. I've got his life, his nature, and his ability. I've got the joy of God. How about a river of life? Oh, I've got a river of life flowing out of me. Makes the lane to walk and blind to see. Open prison doors. Set the cing free. Have got a river of life blowing out. Spring up well. Believe in my soul. Spring up well. and make me whole and give to me that life. Oh yes, I've got a river of life for me. Make the lame walk in the blind to see opening doors free. I've got a river of life pull away my spring of a well. Spring up full well. Leave it in my soul. Spring up for well and make me whole. Spring up full well and keep to me that life abundantly. River of life. Oh yes, I've got a river of life flowing out from me. Face the L to walk in the blind to see. Open prison doors. Set the captive free. I've got a river of life. One more time. Oh yes. I've got a river of life going out. Help me make the walk in the blind to see. Hope for breathing doors set the captive free. I've got a river of life flowing out of me. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. I tell you what, I have the river of life inside of me. I don't have to look far away somewhere in the skies. It's right inside of you. Amen. It's living inside of us today. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may be seated everybody. Key of G. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. Oh yes. I'm so glad you came to save us. Oh, you came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. Might pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave till Jesus come. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on. Let me hear you sing it like a minute. Lord, I love to sing your praise. Oh, I'm so glad, so glad you're in my I'm so glad you came to save me. So I came to save. You came. You came from heaven to earth to show way. From the earth to the cross. My de paid from the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name up. One more time. Oh yes. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praisees. I'm so glad. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came, Lord. So glad you came. Lord, you came from heaven to show the away from the earth to the cross. My death paid from the cross to the grave. From the grave till this time. Lord, I lift your name up. You came from heaven before you came. You came from heaven to show from the earth to the cross. I dare you to say Lord to the grave. All of the praise. Lord, I lift your name on. The last line, what I Lord I lift your name on. That last line. Sing it with me. Lord, I lift your name on. One more time. Lord, I lift your name. Lord, I lift your name on. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You paid our debt, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. We'll sing one more song. I don't know if my brother Elias is here. I don't know if you have a song this morning, but have one. Okay, we'll have that after this. Amen. I want to be tried by fire. I want to be tried by fire. Pure fire. You take whatever you desire. Lord is my life. I want to be tried by purified. You take whatever you desire. Lord, here's my life. If the altars where you meet us, take me there. Take me there. What you need is just an offering. It's right here. My life is here. But I'll be a living sacrifice for you. You're refining the refiner. I want to be consumed. I want to be tried. Purify you. Take whatever you desire. Lord, here's I want to be dry. Oh, I want to be dry. Oh, purify me, Lord. Oh, you take whatever you please. I Lord, here's my life. I like this part. If your glory wants to come in, let it fall. We want it all. Lord, your fire is consume me. Fill this place. Set it a place. I'll be a living sacrifice. Sacrifice for you. You're refine the refiner. I want to be consumed. I want to be dry. Purify. Lord. You take whatever you need. Here is my life, Lord. Oh yes, I want to be purified by your word. Oh, you take whatever you desire. Lord, here's my life. I like this part. You clean my hands. You purify my heart. I want to burn only for you. Oh, take my life. I sacrifice. Yes, Lord. I want to burn for you only. I want to be dry, purified. Oh, you take whatever you desire. Lord, here's my life. One more time. Oh, I want to be tried by fire. Pure fire. You take whatever you desire. Lord is mine. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ain't that your desire this morning? The Lord will cleanse you so much that you take more of you out and less of you less more of your life out but more of him in your life this morning. So ask more of God in our life. Amen. God bless you all. It's good to be the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Very greetings from the church um Pastor Danny Steman and um the entire 102 degree weather in Florida as well. Amen. I'm going to sing the song I speak Jesus. Amen. project. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is open, there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every struggle. Shine through the shadows. Burn like fire. Your name is power. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh yeah. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Burn like a fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every fear and anxiety. Oh to every soul held captive by depression. I speak Jesus. Jesus about your family this morning. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Oh, over every fear, anxiety. Oh, to every soul that's captive by depression, I speak Jesus. Oh, your name, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Burn like a fire. Everybody now sing with me. Your name, your name, your name, your name, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh yeah. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow like a fire. Shout Jesus in the mountains up. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for your family. Jesus for my family. I speak your holy name. Jesus. See Jesus on the mountains up. Oh yeah. S Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Oh Jesus for my family. I speak your holy name. Jesus, your name is power. Yeah. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh yeah. Break every song. Shine through the shadows. like a father. Sing one more time. Your name is power. Oh yeah, your name is my name is heing. Oh yes, your name is life. Oh, break every struggle. Shine through the shadows burn like a fire. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is light. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows like a fire. Hallelujah. Thank you, brother. Praise. Hallelujah. Let's give him praise. He's here this morning. His name we come in in his name. We come in his name. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. His name is not just a verbal name. It's a manifestation. And if we'll yield our hearts, the manifestation of his power will be in the service this morning. I believe he's here already. There isn't anything that's impossible for him. Hallelujah. God bless you. You may be seated. Sister Rachel's going to come and sing. And we appreciate the uh the Jeressa brothers singing this morning. That's all Michael's brothers if you couldn't tell by the way they sang, the way they looked, the whole deal. And uh I was saying they had the brothers came in and their families to surprise brother Michael for his birthday this week. And uh such a wonderful time. We always enjoy having you all. You're always welcome here. You and your wives and families. And uh you know for for many years I had a bad impression of Nigeria because I had a bad thing happen to me with that. But these brothers, their dad Tony, these guys and all the other friends I have in Nigeria has restored my faith in Nigeria. And the Holy Ghost is the thing that changes people's lives. And we appreciate you all being here this all the other visitors that with that's with us. God bless you all. And may you feel welcome. Not in my presence or that doesn't has nothing to do. It's our Lord's presence. And I trust you feel comfortable because he can do mighty things. Praise the Lord. God bless you, Sister Rachel. It's not hard to believe. Standing on the mountain tops of glory. When you can hear the songs of angels and the breeze from heaven sends your spirit. Sorry. But in the valley once more will Jesus still be Lord? That's the question. Cuz when isn't easy, that is the testing. I need faith for the times when the sun doesn't shine and the mountain top is just a memory. When there's no sign to be seen and I don't feel a thing to the word of God alone I will cling. Oh, I need faith for the days when trouble comes my way. And I just don't understand what it means. That's when nothing else will do. Faith alone will see me through. And believing becomes my victory. It's not hard to believe when things are going well and skies are sunny. When you feel you're making progress, doing good, living in a time of plenty. But if all of that should change, will you still keep the faith? That's the question. comes believing when believing isn't easy. That is the testing. Oh, I need faith for the times when the sun does not shine and the mountaintop is just a memory. When there's no sign to be seen and I can't feel a thing to the word of God alone I will cling. Oh, I need strength for the day. When trouble comes my way and I just don't understand what it means, that's when nothing else will do. Faith alone will see me through and believing becomes my victory. Oh, I need faith for the days when the sun does not shine and the mountain top is just a memory. when there's no sign to be seen and I don't feel a thing. But to the word of God alone, I've got it clean. Oh, I need strength for the time when trouble comes my way and I just don't understand what it means. That's when nothing else will do. Faith alone will see me through. And believing becomes my victory. And believing becomes my victory. stand together. Hallelujah. What God can do even in the midst of our trials and when we're believing and standing, that can be the victory, too. Praise the Lord. God bless you. That song really ministered to us all the songs. And uh we're very pleased to have brother Aaron McGary with us for two services today. The service tonight is at 5:00. And uh brother Aaron is a pastor five years now in Phoenix, Arizona. If you're ever out there on vacation, I just encourage you to visit the church. Him and Sister Elizabeth. The four children are with us this morning. They're not children anymore, teenagers. And u it's just great to have them in the service and they've been good friends through the years. But yesterday I had asked brother Aaron to speak to us brothers uh on some particular channels for godly manhood. And uh my it was just tremendous. A lot to chew on, a lot to think about because I believe um these things are important because it's not just uh uh that God has sent us a message to res How many believe he sent us a message to restore. I will restore all the years. Everything that has been taken from Satan, I will restore it. But that's not just restoring doctrine that was wrong. It's not just restoring the serpent seed or the truth of the Godhead. God's in the business of restoring everything that's been lost. Not only physical healing, but everything. And what you lost in your childhood, what you lost maybe in your family, domestic situation, whatever is lost, he's here to fill it this morning. He's here to restore. Can you say amen? And when the nation and the world and Satan behind it has destroyed true godly manhood, I believe God has sent us a word to restore what true godly manhood is. And the the lessons yesterday was just tremendous. We appreciate our brother delivering his heart and pouring out his heart this weekend. And we want him to come this morning. We we want him to deliver his heart. And I believe the atmosphere is just right this morning that uh I believe something real powerful can happen here this morning for your life. You just hold those things before the Lord. I believe something can be spoken. Be listening real close. The Bible says, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit is saying to the churches." How many say, "I want to have an ear." Not just these ears, a spiritual ear. What is he saying to me? And don't dish it off on somebody else. You used to say, "Don't bring your pitchfork to church. Bring your rake." Pitchfork is in. Dish it off on somebody else. No, just rake it in for yourself and look for what God is saying in those little nuggets for your life. looking in the mirror of God's word and he'll transform us by the renewing of our minds and our hearts. He's here to do it this morning. So, you give attention to him. And there isn't anything I don't know how you feel about it, but for for my life, and I know many sitting here, there isn't any more crucial important hour that we spend. And I'm not giving Brother Aaron his time limits, but I don't know of any other more important hour than this hour. out of all the week, out of everything that you're doing, this would be it. This would be the ultimate uh time that we could that he'd have the opportunity to speak to us in this way. Amen. Let's give our lives holy to him. God bless you, brother Aaron. Come if you would. Amen. God bless you each one. As I said, all the visitors, the Lord speak to you this morning, wherever you're at in your life. Praise the Lord. I'm going to make it. He already said that I would. And now keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Sing it now. He walks beside me and heaven is in my you. Oh. Sing it one more time. Just hold that confession up to him this morning. I'm going to make it. His word said I would do it. Hallelujah. Sing it now. Will I go? I'm going to make it. Hallelujah. I will. I keep on. Oh, for he's working every thing for my good. Oh, and he walks beside me. And heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. He walks beside me and he walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Amen. Amen. I believe that. I trust you believe that for yourself. And I believe that's the confidence your your pastor has in you. I believe that the approach that we should all have is that we're going to make it. And if we believe that there's uh three kinds of believers in every assembly, we just believe that the other two are gone today for some reason. &gt;&gt; And we're all going to make it. We're all believers. The gospel is to the believer. &gt;&gt; And if you preach to the believer, the believer will believe it. The makebeliever will make believe it, and the unbeliever will unbelieve it. But if you preach to the unbeliever, you'll make the makebeliever make believe it and the believer question it and wonder because you're not preaching to the right audience. So today we know we're going to make it. &gt;&gt; Amen. If you could take your Bibles and turn to Psalms 103:7, my watch was uh not only in the wrong time zone, or if I could say the correct time zone, 3 hours earlier back in Arizona, but somehow it was uh uh 20 30 minutes, 30 minutes slower than it should have been. And I thought the song service had gone an hour and 15 minutes. And I was like, I can't be outdone by a song service. And then I noticed it was only like 45 minutes. So don't have as much of time as I thought I would. And then brother Paul just subtly dropped in there the hour time limit. So we got I'm under a lot of pressure today. Let's just put it that way. But we do bring greetings to you from the church in Phoenix, Arizona, Arizona Believer's Church. Uh we've been there for 5 years now and we're just really uh blessed to be in the will of the Lord and we see the hand of God in it and there's certain metrics that you have as a believer certain measuring sticks and it's certainly not like the world does and what I see is God really doing something tremendous and just encouraged by the growth the right kind of growth it's not necessarily numbers but just how God deals with people's hearts and we had the privilege of having brother Paul and his family and all the grandbabies and grandbabies to be were all there and it was really a a special time earlier this year and a tremendous benefit to our church and I do believe that our church has the distinction of being the only one that has an autographed coahone that was broken by Solomon Lontaine and we have that permanently in our church museum and uh but we we're happy to be here. It's been quite some time since we've been here. Um I could say the church has changed quite a bit since the last time I ministered here at a new address and just seeing the way that God's blessed this assembly. Uh we're encouraged by that. But Paul's been a dear friend. His wife uh has been a dear friend to us. The families just feel like one when we're together. And so there's been a lot of fellowship through the years and a lot of sharing hearts and burdens. And just to see what God has done through their perseverance um and bringing you all together here for them to be able to serve you. It's just a real encouragement. Uh and so I trust you're encouraged. We're encouraged as a family and I appreciate the opportunity to be here today. Psalms 103:7 and it says, "He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel." It's a very important distinction between these two things. He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel. If we could bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we consider it a great privilege to be gathered together in your name. And the Bible says, "Where two or three are gathered together, there you'll be in our midst. and having gathered in your name and certainly beyond that two or three. We consider this just to be an exponential blessing to have believers who are here uh under not only desires to be obedient but Lord just this hunger in their hearts to feed on the word of God and it has created a tremendous atmosphere and I believe you've watched out over the songs and just even the makeup of the congregation today just that right mix of people present so that this word could go forth in effective ways. We yield ourselves to you. Pray that you take control of this part of the service for your glory and for the bride's benefit, for the individual's benefit. Lord, this gospel is for has ways that it can bless and impact everyone. So, I pray that you could do that today. And I ask this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can be seated. The title that I've given my sermon this morning is the work of God. The work of God. And it kind of puts it in a singular uh way. And you'll kind of expound upon that here in a moment to understand just exactly what we mean by the work of God. And in uh preparing for this service over the last couple months and feeling very directed and uh very focused, I found myself just revisiting the subject matter of the last 24 hours and and asking myself, okay, where was I the last two months and what was the the path here? And so I going to maybe take a step back with you as well today to look at some things, but I will just put it this way so you stay with me. It's been a long time since I've ministered to this church. So you may have forgotten just how uh as brother Paul said, I have a push pause ministry, I think is how he said it, where you have to you have to push pause and really think about what I said. Maybe search it up on the database to make sure brother Bam said it and whether or not that scripture is there. We weren't quite sure what he meant by that except that when you push play, you can listen. Let the Holy Spirit lead, but when you listen to me, you have to push pause. Well, without the benefit of being able to push pause this morning, just stay with me. Follow me on a scriptural journey, God hopefully will just fill in some things uh to make this uh spiritually relevant and a blessing going forward. Here in our our text here in Psalms 103:7, it says, "He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel." The acts of God kind of speak of his deed or his doing in the sense of the effect of something. So he's acted u and he does something and even comes from meaning to act severely with or to dear deal severely with. So it even kind of carries this idea that God deal dealt with them in an overt way that was very s uh severe. And his works speaks about it could even be uh you know plagues on enemies this redemption for them. They saw these acts or these works of uh they were plagues fell upon Egypt. He delivered them out of bondage. He led them through the Red Sea. These are things that were visible where they saw these acts or these works of God. He fed them mana in the wilderness. He brought them into the land of Canaan. So the children of Israel could speak and see historically of overt things where they said the mana fell. We saw it. The the Red Sea parted. We saw it. We crossed across. We we're in Canaan land. God brought us here. But in learning or seeing his acts and as God dealt with them even severely or his deeds or his doings that were visible, they never learned or grasped God's ways. And that was one thing I could say this, they never learned. And maybe that offends the one who did there. And I was going to come over on the other side of the curtain of time and say, you know what, I did. Uh so I don't want to offend anybody but he they didn't as a nation they didn't grasp God's ways even though he's manifested himself amongst them because he says he made way made known his ways unto Moses not just his acts as he did to the children of Israel but his ways that's that road it's a path it's a direction it would be his journey and a a word that it points to that is very good to understand what is in my heart today is he made known his manner He made known his habit, his course of life. He was making known to Moses his character. If I could give a quick example, the children of Israel could see a tabernacle being erected and that would be something that was according to God's commandment, but Moses saw the pattern in heaven. Moses, something else was opened up to Moses to see it. And as God performed acts before them and he demonstrated these great works and these miracles, Israel was not taking advantage of the opportunity to know God in a deeper way that he's sending mana. Well, they just wanted to eat. He leads them through the Red Sea. They just wanted to get away from their oppressors. And so they were not learning his mannerisms, his works or his characteristics because his works and his mannerisms are his characteristics. But they weren't ever they those are indicative of his character and they were just kind of taking it at face value instead of wanting to know what these distinctive traits about God say about the heart of God &gt;&gt; because actions and words and uh images are expressions of identity and we could even say that the uh you know uh your acts and character is virtue in action that it's revealing something about the person. So these attributes or characteristics are being expressed through these things that he was doing doing. And now this this is kind of my thesis statement today. This is where uh if you can catch a hold of this, you might be able to just apply this principle as we go. Seeing someone's characteristics is one thing, but to know one's character is greater. You can see characteristics. Characteristics can be indicative of something. But uh if someone tells the truth and you can recognize that that characteristic in that moment of telling the truth. But unless you know their character, you don't know whether or not they are truthful. It's in that way that we make mistakes. Someone can tell a lie and you can make this judgment that they are a liar. But all men are liars. But in terms of whether or not someone is trustworthy, you'd want to know their character, something that's in their heart. &gt;&gt; So I want to use it in this sense. And I feel very comfortable being able to do this in a congregation that has a lot of gifts and talents and especially music. His music itself being the art of combining notes and tones and uh composing different instruments and voices and textures and things into a sound, a pleasing sound. It is an art. I want to use this principle of the artwork versus the work of art. So the work of God is one thing. So if you have the artwork, that's the product of an artist. But then you have the work of art which is the process or skill that you use to create art. The artistic process we could see the product of that. But there's this artistic process involves this ability to express things. So a way of perceiving differences and knowing how to articulate that with certain forms. It's a discernment that gives character to an image if it's visual arts. But the artwork itself is the outcome of that skill or that creativity. It's the expression. It's that innovation that anyone can behold and enjoy. So in this way, God revealed to Moses his work, his mind, his process, his creative skill, his motivation in doing it, what was behind it. But Israel only saw God's work. &gt;&gt; There could have been many that day that walked through the Red Sea. They don't fully understand why they're walking through the Red Sea, why it was according to prophecy, why they needed to be in Canaan. &gt;&gt; They could have said, "Well, why couldn't God just kill all the Egyptians and we stay here? We've besides we've lived here forever and we've got houses and we know how to work the land and we've got all these opportunities. Why not do it? But that's because they don't. They know the power of God to do something, but they don't know his heart and his vision. &gt;&gt; Now, as Christians, we have much attention is rightly given to the works of Christ in the gospel. The gospel relays to us many different miracles from different vantage points. And we know as believers there's a lot uh that draws our attention to the acts of the apostles in the book of acts. We know it to be the acts of the holy spirit. And we should never minimize those acts whether they be in the gospels or in the book of acts. We should never trivialize these deeds of the holy spirit. There should never be this attempt to undermine their supernatural origin. Uh there is this I think a temptation these days to be able to maybe even coming from a sincere place explain everything by science but yet still say it's God that did that or God that allowed it. And so we should be very careful not to ever undermine the sup a supernatural origin. &gt;&gt; But in everything God did through Christ and everything that he was doing through the Holy Ghost by the Holy Ghost of the apostles there was something to learn about God's nature. there was something that was being expressed and conveyed about the character of God where you can understand the purpose and intent. &gt;&gt; I think there's times when we hear a song and we listen to it and we enjoy the song and it's beautifully written and it's very captivating but there's a part of us that says where did that come from? &gt;&gt; What what were they going through to write that? What sometimes we say it's a beautiful song. I love the words but what does it mean? &gt;&gt; What does it symbolize? What does it represent? And then when you learn the artist and you know more about their background and what they're going through and you understand better what they're painting, sometimes you're like, "Wow, okay. It was beautiful to start with, but now it means more to me." &gt;&gt; Cuz I'm connecting with what was in the the vision of the artist at the time he was creating it. &gt;&gt; And so when we have a work of art versus the work of art, that product versus the process, anyone can sit and admire a painting. They can sit and enjoy music as it's being played. They could read a book. I'll put it this way. Anyone can eat. But contrary to Gustau, not everyone can cook. But the mind of the artist, the understanding his motive, perceiving intent, how the the the inspiration of it, that's different. Psalms 25:4 says, "Show me thy ways, O Lord. Teach me thy paths." It's not just do mighty works, not just manifest miracles and and show yourself present amongst us. But I want to know your ways, teach me your paths, &gt;&gt; the way of God, his form, his symmetry, how God works, what motivates him, his heart and his mind, his motive, his objective. We ascribe those things to ourselves. What's your motive? What's your objective? What are you trying to accomplish? What's your vision? But God has all those. He's visionary. He was the first artist. In the beginning, God created. And what was he doing? He was expressing something in his heart. He was giving manifestation to a burden in his heart. And if we just look at creation as being, well, God just threw it all out there on a canvas and he let things kind of take shape and he just did it and all of a sudden man fell so he's got to respond to it. No, God was visionary and he planned it all out. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now with that in mind and that's kind of a very general proposition the work of God and which is his mind his thought and then that work product what we see outwardly is the expression we want to know what's in his heart and in his mind we want to know his ways &gt;&gt; not just not just his acts if if I would say this if the Holy Spirit is going to write another book of acts in the bride then we can look at the expression and just paint a copy. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; We can see what it looks like and what it sounds like and just become a cover band. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; We can just be a cover band of God's original composition. &gt;&gt; You're not the one playing it. You're just doing your own arrangement. &gt;&gt; You're just doing a cover song &gt;&gt; and you're just painting a copy. So there has to be an understanding of how God moves and how he works so we can yield ourselves to the spirit of the artist of the composer and be in harmony with him so that he can produce in us. And this is the amazing thing about God. If there's an art a piece of art there can be a derivative work, there can be a print or there can be a copy. God is the only one that can keep producing the original. Yes. &gt;&gt; And it's still der it's it's not a cheap knockoff. But unless you know his ways, you could be accidentally impersonating or overemphasizing something and you've become a derivative work, not the original. &gt;&gt; So I want to use just a specific characteristic of God to explore this principle. Why I'm using this one, it's just the way the Lord directed me. And I would argue there's probably many different ways. I I I would say that there's a numerous principles you can use, maybe some better, but this is just where God has led me today. In first Peter 1:es 14, 15, and 16, admonishing, we could say even the believer that reads this today as obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lust in your ignorance. I think that speaks volumes to us already. But as he which hath called you is holy. So this is something intrinsic about God. He called you to be holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation. So as he is holy intrinsically, you ought to be holy in your manner of life, in your habit, your your moral character because it is written. And now this is an important thing to catch. Be holy for I am holy. So in this manner of life and your conduct, we ought to be holy because it is written, be ye holy, for I am holy. Peter very quickly pulls from this principle of God's holiness that we ought to be holy. But then he uses the context of the law to make his point in Leviticus 11:44. He says, "For I am the Lord your God. Ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy, for I am holy. Neither shall you defile yourselves with any manner of creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." So there's this avoiding things unclean, impure, or even abominable. And we might think, well, why would he why what's his problem with shrimp? Well, then you start to learn that, well, what shrimp feed on and where they come from? And you realize that God had a purpose. He had an intent. He had a design behind even those things he prescribed for the children of Israel. And it was a it was a even when it came to dietary concerns, it was something that was healthy. A lot of people say we need to go back to the Garden of Eden of diet, garden of Eden diet. Well, give me a body pre previous to the fall, right? And I think I'll be all right with the Garden of Eden diet. Now, having uh come on the other side of the fall, a kosher diet has a lot of really basic principles that are healthy, &gt;&gt; very healthy for the human body and how it processes things. And the law that God gave Israel was for their own protection. It's for their own health. even to the point where the dietary laws that the Jews observed uh kept them exempt from black the black death plague &gt;&gt; to such numbers that they blamed the Jews for the plague. &gt;&gt; But the reason why they weren't dying is they didn't eat the same meats that everyone else ate. And so it showed that God could give a law that could preserve life. And if they observing a law that was thousands of years, you know, hundreds of years old at that point and God could preserve them, how much more could God give us a message today that is alive that when you we observe it, it's for our protection. &gt;&gt; So he's using this principle and this parallel of God's holiness that's outlined in the law to the holiness that we ought to have. So let's look at this principle that God is holy in Malachi 3:es 5 and 6. I will come near to you to to you to judgement. Brother Paul, if you need me to pause, you can just say, "Pause." And um and they can do a little AI thing here on the overhead and we can ask chat GPT where we're at in this and it'll all just work out good. says, "I will come near to you to judgment and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers and against the adulterers and against false swears and against those that oppress the hireling and wages, ooh, the widow and the fatherless and that turn aside the stranger from his right." Really beautiful principles in here. &gt;&gt; I venture to say, and I don't know why I keep pushing this button. I did it yesterday in the men's meeting, but I would imagine if you really really caught the heart of God, some of you would just say he was a progressive socialist. But he says, 'Fear not me, sayaith the Lord of hosts, for I am the Lord, I change not. &gt;&gt; So he says, his promise, they fear me not. But he says, I am the Lord, I change not. Therefore, you sons of Jacob are not consumed. When he says he changes not, he's not going to disguise himself. God remains the same. Just because I have not executed judgment on your wickedness does not mean that my ways have changed. You might seem that through my forbearance, I've altered myself. I've disguised myself. And I'm no longer going to do uh what I said I would do, but I have an unchangeable hatred of sin. &gt;&gt; And my longsuffering has not changed sin. And it has not changed my hatred for it. &gt;&gt; We're taught that God never changes in his nature. And he's always doing his work the same. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ is the same. Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever. His divine nature, his personality did not change by becoming flesh in Jesus Christ. Having become flesh, it didn't exempt him from some intrinsic things. And it didn't mean that coming to show grace and to call the sinners to repentance and having mercy on thousands doesn't mean that when he took on the form of man, he began became a man in every way, but rather he remained the same as he ever was in his nature. &gt;&gt; God is immutable in his nature. He's just and he's just and immutable in his ways. God is holy. He's separate and unchangeable. Says he's glorious in holiness. The Bible says, "Make path straight paths for your feet. Let that which is lame be turned out of the way, but let it rather be healed. Follow peace with all men and holiness without which no man shall see God. God is a God of holiness. He's God and he changes not." And we're asked to be partners in his holiness. It's this idea of absolute holiness. This sanctification, this moral purity, follow holiness. We are to put on his holiness through that sanctification, through separateness. That's our primary objective is to be like God. Follow peace with all men is part of that objective of becoming holy. It's not permission to compromise. We say follow peace with all men, but it's actually a command to stay different. We say follow peace with all men and we mean we just compromise. We never ruffle any feathers and we never to follow peace with all men requires us to remain different. &gt;&gt; Galatians chapter 1:10 says, "For do I now persuade men or God or do I seek to please men? For yet if I pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ." So if we're just looking to please men, that's not following peace. That's pleasing. &gt;&gt; Romans chapter 14 19. And let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace and things wherewith one may edify another. Holiness then, as it's incumbent upon the believer, as it said, we're called to be holy as he is holy. It means that our paths are to be made straight so that the lame, the weak in faith are not stumbled. Make straight paths for your feet, lest the lame be turned out of the way, but rather let it be healed. Follow peace with all men in holiness without which no man shall see the Lord. In other words, it's incumbent upon us not to compromise but to remain firm in what we know scriptural directives are because someone else's healing from sickness is can depend upon the fact that you've made your path plain. &gt;&gt; You've shown a plain path. This is the right way. This is the way that we ought to walk and we're keeping in step. follow after the things which make for peace, so that those that are lame or even weak in the faith can be healed and not stumbled. &gt;&gt; If you're strong in the faith, but yet you're not living a pain, a plain life, which sometimes can be painful, but you're if you're not walking in a plain path, those that are lame will try to follow you, &gt;&gt; and they're not going to be able to selfcorrect. &gt;&gt; They're not going to be able to come back on that plain path. As the Bible says in Proverbs 4:es 26 and 27, "Ponder the path of thy feet and let all thy ways be established. Turn not to the right hand nor to the left. Remove thy foot from evil." The path speaks of wheel tracks. Ponder the wheel tracks of your life and firmly walk in the right direction so that you establish a plain way. If if you can if you can lay down the right kind of tracks, then someone can follow in those tracks. So ponder the feet of thy paths. Let them be established. And don't veer, don't wonder, don't stray. Let them be firmly established. &gt;&gt; When the Bible says without holiness no man shall see the Lord, to see God is to enjoy him. And I want us to look at this principle that we're called to holiness ourselves. God is holy and without holiness no man shall see the Lord. That means we are called also to be holy unless the sacred there's this idea in art wherein there was a a movement in certain periods where art was always uh paintings and in visual arts they were painted in such a way to was very grandiose and you had these visions of heaven and these cherabs and all sorts of things that tried to capture this grandeur and this great beauty of Christ. Christ could not be painted unless it was very clearly some heavenly being. The Virgin Mary was always painted in a certain way and the angels had wings. It's very opulent and it was to express sacredness to express the greatness of God. But then there was a movement where the sacred then they started and there was this idea of things that were profane and it didn't mean profanity and cussing and things that were perverted, but there's things that are just merely human. So you always painted Christianity and Christ and God in ways that clearly were not human to convey this is this is holy. And then if someone just did a still life or they just painted a a a man or or some image of a random person or whoever they could get to sit, they considered that profane art. But then there was a time where artists began to express the sacred in the profane. And in doing so, they were accurately depicting what God is like in flesh. So you would have Christ who is calling uh Luke or you would see Christ with the prodical son and it would be more set in a way towards like this is the way that it would have looked like. And so unless the sacred is being lived in the profane, nobody can actually see God if we were all just little naked babies with wings, right? Flooding around everybody. Everybody, well, there's the cherubs. That's the bride. We know who they are, right? They're the naked babies flying everywhere. But that's not the way that God chooses to do it. But unless the divine is being lived in the regular life, in the profane, there's no way to actually see God. So, it's not without holiness, no man shall see the Lord. That I've got to have this cloak of holiness to stand before God. But let it take it that it's actually our responsibility to accurately express holiness because if we don't, nobody's ever going to see godliness. Right. &gt;&gt; The Bible says in Isaiah 35:8, "And a highway shall there be shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called the way of holiness. The unclean shall not pass over it, but it shall be for those, the wayfairing men, though fools, shall not heir therein." Those, it really does speak to the elect, those that are ordained to it. The Holy One will be with them is what this scriptur is conveying. He will be with them that are walking in the way. There shall be a way, a road, a journey, the course of life, that moral character. He made known unto Moses his ways, but only his acts or his works to Israel. This is that manner, this habit, this direction. There shall be a way, a way of holiness. Acts 24:14. But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I, the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and the prophets. This way is foolishness to the world. That's why the the the great one of the great poets of our time said these wrote that these these one day these foolish roads will be wise. The world looks at the way that we go and they walk they see the way they're walking like oh this is nonsense. This is foolishness. But it's a it's the it's the right way. &gt;&gt; One day this way which is foolishness to the world is undeniably plain to the believer. So undeniably to the pl to the believer he should not falter. Though it be it is a way that shall be for those the way fearing men though fools shall not heir therein. It ought to be made so plain that it's only the fools really ultimately that reject it because it's a plain way. God has called us to not to uncleanness he says Paul says to the Thessalonians but unto holiness which is sanctification consecration purification of heart of thought of life of conduct. In 1 John 3:2, beloved, now are we the sons of God. And it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. God, Christ. Now, whatever he reveals himself as, we become. If he reveals himself to you as a healer, you become healed. If he reveals himself to you in light, you become more lightgiving. When we see him as he is, we become like him. And every man that hath this hope of being like Christ, who hath this hope in him, purify himself even as he is pure. To purify means to make clean, to make pure from carnality, to be chased, to be immodest. It even speaks of being immaculately clean. That's certainly a high standard. The Bible tells us in Ephesians 4:24 that you should put on the new man which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. This is what we ought to be doing. We're taking off the old man. We're putting on the new man which is created a new in righteousness. And there is a true holiness. The new man is like God. Therefore, we put on righteousness. Holiness comes by the Holy Spirit. This true righteousness comes by the Holy Spirit, but it's it's interrupted by the influences of humanity. It's in it's influenced by the world. It's interrupted by Satan. and Satan is standing nearby to either catch it out of the person's heart. The world would want to choke it out. We could become indifferent and harden our hearts. There's all sorts of ways that we could resist the working out of this righteousness and true holiness. Romans 1:4 says about Christ and declared to be the son of God with power according to the spirit of holiness. That's his divine nature. His nature is the author of holiness in the believer. In other words, we cannot achieve this by ourselves. If I could make this point again that we could see the model believer and we say this is what holiness looks like and then we can in turn try to produce that type of holiness and all we're doing is something derivative. All we're doing is impersonating or overemphasizing. And what happens if you want to impersonate something, what you try to do is you try you lean into a certain sound or a certain tone that people catch pick up on like, "Oh, that's who that is." Just like whenever I would do a Bill Clinton impersonation, I did it one time at the winter youth retreat. And if you're doing it in the moment, everybody's like, "Oh, he's going to do it. He's going to do it." No, he's not. Or am I? they they you just exaggerate one some type of inflection or some type of tone and people think, "Oh, that sounds just like them." But then when you go listen to it, you realize, "Oh, it's just that one little part that they lean into." That's what someone who can impersonate voices does. And so if we're not careful, we can see something and lean into something really hard and overemphasize one aspect of what we see in the word. And to those who are seeing the impersonation, like, "Wow, that is spoton. That is really, really good." But you've got to have the spirit of holiness that is the author of holiness in your life. Psalms 96:9, "Oh, worship the Lord and the beauty of holiness." It says, "Give unto the Lord the glory due unto his name and worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness, the adornment of glory." It's some sort of ornament of honor. It's beauty which is intrinsic, not shallow. And if we're not careful in this age, we're in the last the last church age is a Leodysian church age which is concerned primarily with optics. If we're not careful as a bride and we get our eye on that church that's descending down into darkness, still in the leine age, descending into death, we who are in the bride age, ascending up to a body change and a meeting in the air, if we get our eyes on that church, we will get out of step. We get in tuned too much to the what they look like because they're all about optics. They're all about sound. &gt;&gt; It's not about character. It's not what's on the inside that's being emphasized. This is a beauty which is intrinsic. There's an outward beauty that anyone can put on, but this is something where there's this sacredness, this separateness. &gt;&gt; It's a distinguishing characteristic that actually gives something value. Now, with these principles, I hope I'm putting together that God is holy. We've been called to be holy. Let's look at the principle that no sacrifice to God could have any blemish. There could be no sickness or disease. It could even it couldn't be ugly to sight and it couldn't smell bad. And the more you think about it, you think, "Wow, that's just really picky." And and it might seem discriminatory because even when it came to Levitical priesthood, you know, there were certain blemishes, certain birth defects, and those things they couldn't even serve. And if you don't know the nature and heart of God, then you begin to think, "Oh my goodness, he is so prejudiced. He is so uh privileged, right? This is divine privilege. This is ridiculous." Like he and he's he's he's shaming this and he's shaming that and he's got a problem with this. No, that's not it at all. As a matter of fact, you'll realize that it's not until you can fully appreciate wellness that you can have empathy for those who are not well. But if you try to destigmatize or if you try to tolerate everything and make everything okay and normalize everything, then actually the value that we ought to give to the uncumbly parts and the value that we ought to have for those who are feeble and the love and the care and the opportunities that we ought to get to those who otherwise aren't able, it loses its distinction. Why? Because you're there's no distinction anymore. &gt;&gt; Oh, you should be able to do this. You have every right to do this. and and therefore the very things sometimes that God is relying upon either to provoke us to love and to good works or to show his glory, we just normalize to the point to where we just all get along. Everyone's just the same. Everyone has the same rights and privileges. So, there's something about knowing the heart of God even when he's requiring these things and where it's coming from. He says in Exodus 12:5 in the e in the initial uh feast of Passover he says your lamb shall be without blemish when he gives this law in Leviticus 22 he says you shall offer a male without blemish anything that hath a blemish you cannot offer because it will not be acceptable for you he says it shall be perfect to be accepted there shall be no blemish therein these are the offerings that ought to be given to God so something God is expressing in In Malachi 1:es 7 and 8, he says, "You offer polluted bread upon my altar." You say, "Wherein have we polluted thee?" In that you say, "The table of the Lord is contemptable. And if you offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? And if you offer the lame and sick, is it not evil?" And then he says this, catch this. If it's there, this is good for you to read this. Offer it now unto thy governor. Will he be pleased with thee? Or accept thy person, sayaith the Lord of hosts. Give it give it to somebody of renown. Make that offering or that sacrifice to anyone else. What are they going to say? Like, oh, they didn't give me the choice or they they did they were going to have to throw this out anyways. They didn't want to use this. They're there. It's not. It would be disrespectful. It would be contemptable. It's something that's disdained or despised. In other words, it's a worthless sacrifice. There's there's no sacrificing in giving it. There may be some of you who who have done that before where something uh is you've gotten two of the same thing and you can't use the second one or something's wrong with it or whatever and you just give it away and you can't really tell yourself, "Wow, I feel so good that I gave that vacuum cleaner to Goodwill." you know, Goodwill is going to really be able to profit off of that and maybe somebody who could use it buy it at a cheap price. You know, it don't work. Hey, you can't feel good about that. And so, these Old Testament sacrifices needed to be perfect. There's a lot more in it than what I'm going to zero in on, but they typed or foreshadowed the coming of that unblenmished, immaculate lamb of God. 1 Peter 1:19 says, "But with the precious blood of Christ as of a lamb without blemish and without spot." &gt;&gt; The language that is used about the perfection of Christ hearkens the Jew to the laws of the sacrifice. &gt;&gt; Everything that they use to describe Christ as a lamb would have reminded them that their sacrifices must be perfect in order to be accepted. You could not offer the blind. You could not offer the lame. You could not offer the sick. Therefore, Christ fulfills that foreshadowing or that type. In 2 Corinthians 5:21, it says, "For he made him to be sin for us who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him." He knew no sin. He was not lame. He was not sick. Hebrews 9 11 and 12. And then verse 14, but Christ being come a high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building, neither by the blood of goats and calavs, but by his own blood, he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us. He fulfills every virtually every shadow and every type of that day of atonement. He is the lamb who shed his blood. He is the high priest that takes the blood in behind the veil. This is why Christ in his ascension said, "I have not yet ascended." Because he had to go and present behind the veil in heaven the blood of the sacrifice. And having presented himself before God as the high priest, it forever satisfied God's wrath for the elect. So he is he's in this image of these perfect sacrifices. He says in verse 14, "How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?" These very specific details about God's holiness required a very specific sacrifice that was holy, which foreshadowed the coming of a perfect sacrifice, Jesus Christ, for us. And so as the Old Testament foreshadowed Christ, now the New Testament previews the coming of a perfect bride. In Ephesians chapter 1 verses 45-6, let's just push pause for a moment. Ephesians 1:es 4, 5, and 6. according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him. I know I didn't spend a lot of time on it. I just tried to be very quick touch on it. This is the language of the Old Testament. To be holy and without blame speaks to the laws of the sacrifice that it ought not to be lame or sick, that it had to be perfect to be accepted. So we ought to be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestined us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. So herein is that language of a perfect sacrifice being accepted, that now we are not just uh partakers of salvation, but we are to be partakers of his holiness. Ephesians 5:es 25- 27. Husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word. This gives this brings up the imagery of Old Testament sacrifices. We see it portrayed in the lamb himself being baptized and being sacrificed on the cross that he might present it to himself a glorious church not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing that it should be holy and without blemish. All the characteristics of a proper sacrifice. Colossians 1:22 says in the body of his flesh through death to present you holy and unblamable and unprovable in his sight. So the perfect sacrifice Christ was given that we would through that perfect blood in the body of his flesh be able to be presented as holy and unbelievable and unprovable in his sight. The Bible says in 1 Corinthians chapter 6 11, "And such were some of you." If you want to go find out what you were, just read the verses prior. But you're washed, but you are sanctified. But you are justified in the name of Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. Now, having been made clean, we're made ready for holiness. We're going through the same pattern of the sacrifices. It's not that Christ fulfilled all of it and now we're just recipients of his grace. And isn't God wonderful? And you just come as you are, stay as you are, live as you want, identify however you want, and that we think it's a gospel or grace without consequence. What was foreshadowed in the Old Testament, yes, is is preserved permanently forever in this unblenmished sacrifice of Jesus Christ. But now the New Testament is teaching that we who are recipients of his life and have been washed in his blood as that sacrifice foreshadowed a perfect Christ. Now this sacrifice foreshadows the coming of a perfect bride &gt;&gt; who is washed in his blood who's watching marching in righteousness and holiness who's living a plain path so that others who are an error can say this is the right way &gt;&gt; though it be a way called foolishness &gt;&gt; in Romans 12:es 1 and 2 I beseech you therefore brethren by the mercies of God that you present your bodies a living sacrifice holy acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. And be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. It's my understanding that there's a tri-state youth meeting this afternoon and my I'll just give a little preview so that all the young people who are here now won't stay home. Maybe this will kind of grease the skids a little bit, but I want to take from here and preach that's not normal. And take it from that scripture. The world's going to conform things. And when the world does it, it says it's normal. But be you transformed by the renewing of your mind. The Bible is teaching that our outward expression should be free from any defect that mars the image of God in us. I know this may seem difficult to process and it may seem counterintuitive to grace and it may seem like well I mean didn't he he died for my sins and there's people that have brokenness and there's people maybe that are missing limbs and there's people that are sick and we realize but yet in heaven there's going to be a perfect body &gt;&gt; and we realize that divine healing is given here on earth for those things and there may be circumstances in our lives where there's permanent scars and there's certain disfigurations in our flesh but yet there's a way that those are yielded to God to bring glory to God. Therefore, there's things that we have control over and things that we submit to God that are within our choosing that can be used to express that perfect divine nature of God. What we express outwardly, we should submit ourselves and yield ourselves and desire that it be free from any defect, any variance that mars the image of God. The sacrifice was to be beautiful without abomination. That may be the most key word to to zero in on when it comes to the sickness and the mouring and the laming, the lame. It was something that was abomination to God, detestable, vile. Our lives should be free from that. Therefore, I believe that in your life, you should be striving for beauty. 1 Corinthians 15:49, as we have borne the image of the earthly, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly. In 1 Peter 2, we're told that we are a holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God. So if we are then born first in the image of the earthly by the new birth, we ought to aspire to bear the image of the heavenly as a spiritual priesthood who now without blemish in our souls and without defect in our souls are offering up visible things in our lives as an acceptable sacrifice to God. Romans 6 chapters exc 12 13 and 14. Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body that you should obey it in the lust thereof. Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin. But yield yourselves unto God as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God. For sin shall not have dominion over you. For you are not under the law, but under grace. How is it that he could teach that under the headship of grace, you're compelled to live more holy when we often think that grace uh kind of plates us to accept ourselves as we are because we believe that God has accepted us as we are and is fine if we stay as we are. but rather in terms of whether we yield ourselves to sin to manifest blemish and abomination and unrighteousness. He says, "Now yield yourselves to God, which we ought to believe by the new birth is living in us, that our members, our body, our flesh, our hair, our eyes, everything could be yielded to God to be instruments of righteousness." &gt;&gt; Because we're not under the law, which produces death, and under the law, which is to try to bring sin under dominion, but rather we are under grace. Therefore, the headship of grace can produce in you a genuine holiness and sanctification. As it says in the Bible that grace has appeared teaching that in this present world, we ought to live holy. That's what grace does. It teaches us how to live holy in an ungodly age. The Bible says in Deuteronomy 17:1, and we're doing fantastic on time. I don't know if I'll be right on that hour, brother Paul, but I'll try. The This is now with those principles set. Let's just look at uh this one of the things that kind of combines it all together. God is holy. He requires a holy sacrifice. And then he requires holiness of us. So in the Old Testament, there's this image in the Old Testament which was legislated that we under grace now manifest. It's not impersonation. It's just manifestation. Deuteronomy 17:1, "Thou shalt not sacrifice unto the Lord thy God any bulock or sheep wherein is blemish or any evil favoredness, for that is an abomination unto the Lord thy God." Often times when you read in the law, you'll read instances where God says, "You can't wash this pot with that pen. You can't wear this fabric with that fabric. You got to uh you have to shave your beard a certain way." And there's a lot of things that we could read and we say, "Well, well, that's not that's a law. We don't have to do that." And then certain things get kind of carried over and the debate is always well how come you do this but you mix your cotton with your linens. It's because some things were an abomination to God and other things were just legislated by God. &gt;&gt; Some things God said that wouldn't necessarily be imposed upon them as a way of pleasing him but rather it was good practices for them. And there's other things he says don't do this cuz I hate it. And here it says that blemish and evil favoredness to be offered are an abomination unto the Lord. It's something unpleasant. If there's an evil favoredness, it's something unpleasant or unattractive. An unattractive condition or an unpleasant appearance either marked by moral or even spiritual corruption is one way that this could be applied. But these outward expressions then of unbelief or wickedness, these are the things that mar the image of God in humanity. He says there should not be a sacrifice of bullock or sheep wherein there's blemish or evil favoredness. It's this outward unattractiveness, this outward unpleasantness even to the smell. They couldn't offer something that didn't smell right. So when the Bible is telling us that we ought to be holy and we're offering ourselves up as as sacrifices, there are certain outward expressions that mar the image of God in humanity. And these abominations generally in the Old Testament were something, I just want to generalize it, were things that God found disgusting. &gt;&gt; Abominations were disgusting or foul. Even to the individual, it's something that make you recoil like, "Oh, that's disgusting. That smells bad." I think we've all been there before where somebody tastes something. Oh, that is that's the worst thing I've ever tasted. Taste it. They drink something. Oh, that's horrible. Taste this. Smell this. And you're like, seriously, why? Why would I do that? I want you to be the only one who's tasted that today. So, when it says it's an abomination of the Lord thy God, it's things that God finds disgusting, things that are detestable to God. We could debate all day long whether or not we think that's fair, but God's whatever God says is true. Whatever God does is just, &gt;&gt; just the way that it is. And he says, as we read already, I am God. I for I am the Lord and I change not. If he deplored something, then if he hated something, then he hates it now. &gt;&gt; If I've been long-suffering and I haven't judged things and I've allowed things to continue and things have flourished and things seem to be accepted, just because I haven't judged it and wiped it off the face of the earth, don't think that I've changed in my attitude towards it. Just because of all Christian dem may be doing something or things seem broadly accepted and I haven't judged it and wiped it off the face of the earth. Don't think that my nature's changed. If I said I hated it then I still hate it now. &gt;&gt; And God hates hates a blemish sacrifice. The scripture speaks of a spot, a defect, some physical deformity, some even in a sense a moral stain. He hates it. It's all within this context in the perspective of holiness. evil favored. He says, "I hate things that are evil favored." It's a very interesting word, but it's something that lacks symmetry. Now, evil favored to me sounds like it'd be something that immediately when you look at it, you're just like, "Oh." But evil favored is you look at it and you don't know why, but something's off. You're not even quite sure, but something's off. In other words, it it lacks the beauty of symmetry. There's some ugliness to it. Something is out of place. There's some defor deformity in in art and in architecture and things. There's this idea of the divine proportion because there's something these laws that they different rules that they use and different ways that they try to present something that is just naturally pleasing to the eye. To a photographer, it may be the rule of thirds. And there's just a way that you can take a picture and you may look at it and be like, "Wow, that just draws me in. That's engaging. I wish I could take a picture of somebody's patio and it looked like that." So, you go outside and you get your iPhone, you take a picture of your patio and you compare it to theirs. You're like, "How come I've got the same equipment, but I can't make it work." But you what you realize is that person who took the photo that you just it's of a patio. That's all it is. But yet, there's something really engaging. They haven't used any effects. There's no Photoshop going on. There's no filters. They just use the right lighting for the right perspective. They line certain things up. A tree in the foreground, a post in the uh in the background, and they line everything up and they take the picture. And we see beauty in it. We see beauty in the symmetry. We see beauty in the proportions. Evil favoredness is something even if it's not necessarily detectable to the eye, it's something unpleasant or unattractive in the condition or appearance. They did a study one time and I might have mentioned this at a winter youth retreat. I know you all remember everything I've ever said at winter youth retreat. So for those adults here who are now, you know, have grandchildren and can remember those youth retreats, you'll be like, I remember that. I remember where I was sitting and when he said it and the slide he used and everything. So just humor humor me now while we just kind of update everybody else on where we're coming from. But they did a study where if you gave them the cho somebody the choice of choosing of three faces which one was the most attractive. They they took one guy's picture and they had that in there just the way that he was. And they took another picture of him just with his nose kind of a little bit slanted and they just put another picture in there. And the by the great majority of the time, almost every time, everyone always picked the guy, the original picture of the guy uh as the most attractive because the fact that the other one looked really a lot like him, but his nose was slightly disfigured. It had this dominance effect where they began to compare the two and they chose the one that was, you know, didn't have the crooked nose. And so the conclusion of the study was to always hang out with a friend who looked just like you but was just slightly uglier. There's science working for you. Problem is I just couldn't find anybody uglier than me. So got married. God's good. In Deuteronomy 22:5, this is maybe where it gets real. You might think, well, that escalated quickly. But it says, "The woman shall not wear that which pertainth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment. For all that do so are abomination unto the Lord thy God." Very important to catch that when God prescribes a garment to a man and a garment to a woman and says that those that would do the inverse, he says those that do so are abomination unto the Lord thy God. This is not in the general prescriptions that would be just things that he's prescribing. But this is actually ascribed to something that God detests, something that God is not happy with, something that God despises. And what we could do is we could just impose certain things as far as optics and make these broad categories or even very narrow categories of what a garment is of a man and a garment is of a woman and just try to impose that. But we can very quickly even sincerely just adopt certain things as a norm or a course for our church services, for church order, for worship, all sorts of things. But if we never know the heart of God, we run the risk of a derivative work that was never associated with his work. &gt;&gt; He says that I despise those that do so. Why? Because by nature, the man and the woman are different. &gt;&gt; That's right. By nature and by design, they're different. Thus, it's proper to observe the differences in dress. And God is saying, for either to dress or act like the other destroys the distinctions that God had in their character. That's right. &gt;&gt; It destroys the divisions and the differences that God wanted to harmonize. The woman being a help me, she was equal but opposite. She was a mirror image and you notice in a mirror image that it's it's not it's the opposite and so it's complimentary that in the mirror image that it being reversed then there's a way that they harmonize together because it's inverted. It's a way you can shake hands with yourself in a mirror. But the mirror as it's implied in the scripture that mirror image Just want to be sure that we have a good landing spot here as we've come up against our time limit. That which is an abomination to God is something that God hates. So we could see we could begin to conceptualize an image of what God hates. But what he hates is more of a consequence of what he loves. It's not that God just has this instinctive hate for something, but it it's he has a love so great for one thing. Yes. &gt;&gt; That by by a necessity, &gt;&gt; he hates the other. &gt;&gt; That God loves things the way he made it so much that to pervert it becomes anti what he made. &gt;&gt; And his love for something holy requires him to hate something unholy. Because if God loves something so much and we remove the distinctions to where that which is unholy can therefore be accepted and on par with that which is holy, we've completely erased God's love. We've just made him apathetic. We've just made him tolerant. We've completely changed the nature of God to where now we've watered down the love of God. He just loves everybody the same. And therefore, it's no longer this passionate, intense love. I know there's a song uh and u that was spoke of the recklessness of God's love and and and I I heard it sung one time at church where they changed it uh to I can't even remember what it was. Somebody help me out here. Instead of reckless, it was precious love. Thank you. Are you the one that rewrote it? And and I thought I thought that's nice, right? I thought that's nice. But really from a human standpoint that love is reckless. &gt;&gt; That's why even I guess now some of the buzzword in songwriting is his love is not safe and we think wait a minute I thought that's where I want to be. But there is something about God's passion. It's a torrent that cannot be stopped. Many waters cannot cover it up put it out. Nothing can bar. God's love is so passionate that it requires the opposite which is called hate. If we remove the distinctions of the things God loves and we begin to project his love towards things that are hateful, it devalues and diminishes his passion for those things that he loves. &gt;&gt; God is the author of true beauty. He loves the original symmetry. He loves that harmony of beauty. He made man and woman differently for that purpose. Proverbsap 3:32 says, "For the forward is abomination to the Lord, but his secret is with the righteous." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The forward, that means those that depart, &gt;&gt; those that go crooked, those that are to that lose truth from view. That's what forwardness is. It hides truth. It perverts truth. to depart, to go wrong, to get crooked or to pervert, to allow the original to be lost from view. Who what is someone who's forward? It's when they allow truth to be lost from view in the way that they live their lives. The way that they treat others, a lie is to truth mistold. Why are they forward? Because they perverted a lie, a truth, made it a lie, and therefore truth is lost from view. In Proverbs 20:10, diverse weights and diverse measures, both of them are alike, abomination to the Lord. What does God hate then? Injustice. He hates different weights and different measures. When one would buy or sell fraudulently in a way that you perceive that something weighs so much or you suggest that it does, but when in fact it doesn't, ways that you could manipulate currency, ways that people defrauded one another. God does not like it when you present as something you are not. God does not like it when you live in a way that is contrary and that's hypocritical to what you are. The fro are ab abomination to the Lord. False measures and false weights are an abomination to the Lord. That's not just Old Testament rhetoric. That's true today of a God that never changes. &gt;&gt; For a woman to wear that which pertainth to a man, the woman that does so is abomination unto the Lord. A man that shall put on a woman's garment, the man is abomination to the Lord. Notice it's not so much emphasizing the garments as abomination, but those who misuse dress. &gt;&gt; Those who misuse the way they dress &gt;&gt; for the wrong reasons or to present something that's contrary to God's original symmetry and order. I believe we could pause there and just even in end there and there should be enough that uh for you to chew on and your response could be well brother Aaron you shared enough something's liable to stick you know something's liable to stick you threw so much out there well you have helicopter preachers and maybe I'm just the shotgun we'll get we'll spread enough out there where somebody's like oh I think he got me and maybe in this case flesh wounds count for Um, now this is this is where I feel that if you've been with me so far in the journey, it's it's not going to come out from left field because there's a lot I would like to bring in, but I want to I want to close here in a moment. In Genesis 3:7, this is the effect of the fall. And because there's a lot of arguments sometimes in terms of holiness that it could be argued this is internal holiness. this is an intrinsic holiness in a person's heart or in a person's soul and that the outward is contrived. There's even an argument that modesty and I think modesty is a good term that we could have been using this morning because when someone shows restraint when they're visualizing art and even in music, one of the secrets and I want to go ahead and teach you guys how to write music. Sister Sher, I hope you're taking notes because this is going to be really helpful. Brother Ike, when you're composing music, if you could just zero in on this. A lot of times, it's the restraint that makes a composition so beautiful. It's not just making everything loud and everything in and and pronouncing everything and making everything uh stand out is a way that you allow things through restraint and through self-control. There's actual modesty with beauty. That's why modern art just really is Satan's Eden perfected where we can duct tape a banana on the wall and pay millions of dollars for it. It's the mindset of Leodysia &gt;&gt; because there's no rationale in it. There's no vision. There's no purpose. There's no utility. And so modesty can be is connected with the beauty of holiness. And there's a lot that argue that modesty is the construct of man that man has imposed these rules that man has come up with these. I want you to recognize then in this difference because I'm speaking to knowing God's heart or the work of God &gt;&gt; versus the work of God. That which we see and we see the product. And we could say, well, we could say as believers, oh, the product is this, this, it's got to be holiness. It's got to be a long skirt. It's got to be the long hair. It can't be this. Can't be. Okay, that's right. We maybe we don't disagree with all of that, but we've got to produce it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; By the heart of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; The author of holiness should be the author of holiness in your life. &gt;&gt; There's a way that we're teaching our children how to live holy, to live honestly, to live upright, have integrity, but what you desire one day is they get the spirit of holiness inside of them that becomes their metric. How to navigate themselves in an unholy world so that it's not just all pretense. Because where many people have failed when it came to this precious word of God we've received in this hour, it was all politics. It was all pretense. It was all optics. And once you pee behind the curtain and you saw the hypocrisy behind it, you had no taste. &gt;&gt; And what many people have rejected is not the original, it's the derivative. &gt;&gt; And I say congratulation for sniffing out the fakes. &gt;&gt; So in Genesis 3:7, after the fall, it says, "And the eyes of them both were open, the man and woman now consciousness of their nakedness. They knew that they were naked and they have an instinct now. And they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons. This Hebrew word, it means a loin cloth or girdle. It's in the Hebrew. So it said they made themselves aprons. We might be thinking, oh, you know, like one of those things you wear when you cook. No. Uh-uh. It was a loin cloth. That's what it was. So notice that man postfall where fear is now the primary motivator. The opening of their eyes awakened them to a shame of nakedness, a shame about those parts, a shame about that. And it caused them to put on clothing. So there is this instinct in man to cover and I want you to recognize this because this is important to actually cover the parts that made them different. There was this instinct to cover their parts by making an apron. &gt;&gt; And the word there, this loin cloth, it actually I just I want to use this for the sake of understanding. Deuteronomy 25:1, it speaks of a woman taking a man by his secrets. And the word there, secrets is the same word, this boo this this uh the part that means that he was the part that excites shame. And so it they made these loin cloths that would only cover these parts of their body. And so as I mentioned before, there's this argument that modesty is the creation of man. Upon recognizing uh the sexual power of his body, he then does this to himself. He wants to cover himself. As one writer said, the sense of modesty is merely a habit, not an instinct. to make the argument that it's imposed and forced. Now, that may be true in practice that we impose modesty. We forced modesty so modesty becomes a habit rather than an instinct. And I'm arguing that we ought to have the instinct of God that we tend to holiness and modesty from an internal mechanism which is Christlike versus this discipline that we would have to impersonate modesty or impersonate worship. But after man has dressed himself in Genesis 3 21 says unto Adam also and his wife did God the Lord God make coats of skin and clothe them. It's God that institutes clothing. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Man in his instinctiveness might have invented underwear but it's God that invents clothing. Yes. &gt;&gt; And what he does is he provides a covering not for just the the private parts, but it means a covering for the body. He made them coats of skins. And what did he make it from? An innocent lamb. Spotless lamb. A perfect lamb &gt;&gt; who represents innocence, humility, and modesty. Yes. &gt;&gt; Revelations 3:18. I want you to catch this because we might look at this and think, "Oh, well, God did the did the killing and God did the sewing and God put these things together." But there's something we need to recognize here. Man in his instinct will choose to dress a certain way, but God, when he wants to clothe, you clothe the body. Revelations 3:18, he says, 'I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich in white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with Isaav that thou mayest see. You are to acquire clothes that you may be clothed. In Isaiah 52:1, it says, "Awake, awake. Put on thy strength, O Zion. Put on thy beautiful garments, oh Jerusalem, the holy city." It says, "For henceforworth there shall no more come into thee the uncircumcised and unclean." What you're going to identify in the scripture, and I I say this maybe carefully because it's something that I think I can see in the scripture and support by scripture. Maybe it's not just explicitly said, but God did not literally come down and stitch the clothing together, but he provided it to Abra to Adam by his word. And Adam by revelation knew a lamb had to be slain. Why did Abel do it? The lamb had to be slain by revelation. And he provides through revelation the the means by which Adam is to dress himself. &gt;&gt; So God, the Lord God makes coats of skins and clothes him through his agent on earth. &gt;&gt; Through God on earth, they made the skins that God now has ordained. And it didn't just clothe in those parts that excite shame, but it dressed the body. And in Revelations 19 7 and 8, it says, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him, for the marriage of the lamb has come, and his wife hath made herself ready, and to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen and clean white. For the fine linen is the righteousness of saints." When it says it was given or granted, it was required, but also supplied. He furnished these necessities. And when John sees this bride descend out of heaven, he saw her as a bride, the city of br as a bride adorned, made ready for her husband. Therefore, we should desire that God would give us the revelation of how that we ought to dress. &gt;&gt; The Bible says in 1 Thessalonians 5:es 22 to 24, abstain from all appearance of evil, and the very God of peace, think of this, abstain from the appearance of evil. Now let's modify that. And the very God of peace sanctify you holy. And I pray God your whole spirit, soul, and body be preserved blameless under the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it. &gt;&gt; How is it that we abstain from all appearance of evil? We pray that God would preserve blameless spirit, soul, and body. &gt;&gt; Faithful is he that called you. Holy is he that called you, but faithful is he that has called you. Who will do what? do a sanctification, a preservation process of spirit, soul, and body so that you abstain and withhold an image that mars the beautiful image of God. Abstain, it's restraint to hold yourself back from appearing wicked. I know we like to think it solely means abstain from the appearance of evil where we're always turning our heads, but it actually means you should restrain yourself from appearing evil. or it has that meaning as he says in chapter 3:13 to the end he may establish your hearts unblameable notice again the language of the perfect sacrifice unblameable and holiness before God chapter 4:7 for God hath not called us unto uncleanness but unto holiness as God's dwelling place we could say as a as his dwelling as kings or the temple as priest as a sacrifice as this image and all these ways that we could present ourselves we are to put away abominations. He says, "Be ye separate and touch not the unclean thing and I will receive you." My final my final new scripture. I got one more I think I'm going to use, but 2 Corinthians 7:1. Musicians, feel free to come to your positions. Having therefore these pre promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness and the fear of God to bring holiness to its completion to accomplish the objective of holiness. There's certain moral purity and modesty and purpose and intent carried on the course of righteousness in holiness continually. That's why we ought to live soberly and righteously and godly in this present world. That there's this cleansing process from un impure things and unclean habits. There's this putting away again of abominations in order to perfect holiness. I want to emphasize this again. fulfilling the goal of holiness. &gt;&gt; The goal of holiness is not holiness in and of itself. &gt;&gt; That if we were to dress modestly, check check the box, it's been accomplished. But then we realize that modesty is the adorment of a meek and humble and quiet spirit before the Lord. &gt;&gt; Which before God is of what? Great price. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; In other words, because he values that so much, he hates something that is the opposite or that mars that kind of character. So there is a purpose to holiness. Holiness we could say is that characteristic of being set apart for God in order to reflect his perfect character. Holiness is being set apart for God that your lives as young men or young ladies, wherever you might be, you can reflect the character of God. Therefore, as we pursue holiness, as we ought to desire to pursue beauty, God's work is unveiled. And he puts you on view. His work is unveiled. It's made known in in your life. Your life then becomes the work of God. There's this sacred symmetry and beauty to your life, but you know the work that gets you there. So the Bible says in Psalms 25:4, this should be our prayer today. Show me thy paths, O Lord. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. Show me thy ways, O Lord. Teach me thy paths. &gt;&gt; I do not want to just know the destination a so that I can ascribe certain attributes to where I am presently with those those amenities and those things. Lord, I I I know where we're going. I know what your goal and your objective is. I can see in your word of God that there be should true beauty, that men ought to have character, that there should be absinence from the world. There should be an applying of the token. So many different things that could come to view in the sanctification of the way we dress, the way we uh present our hair, the way we talk, the jokes we tell, the things we consume. All these different things we could begin to think of and we could see what that represents in a very detailed, multifaceted way. But we should not defeat ourselves by trying to replicate each one of those. Because we'll either make the mistake of either impersonating or exaggerating and overemphasizing one part. We can say, "Well, Jesus, one thing about Jesus is he wept continually. He was a man of sorrow." We can say, "All right, I can lean into that antichrist like because I just exaggerate one principle." But instead of feeling that I've got to achieve beauty for the sake of beauty itself, I want intrinsic beauty. I want to know the work of God. I want to know how he works. &gt;&gt; I want the back part of God's mind to be opened up to me &gt;&gt; so that when I see when I see what's taking shape, I can rest in his work. &gt;&gt; Not because I think the final product is beautiful, but because the heart of the author, the heart of the painter has captured my heart and I want to follow his ways. Amen. &gt;&gt; The day and age we live in now, there's many that can say they know the acts of God because he makes them known. But unto us, to his bride, he wants to make his ways known. Could we stand together this afternoon and pray together? Our gracious heavenly father, as we turn the service over to the pastor, as this congregation, I believe there's some baptisms that are forthcoming and as it lifts lifts up its voice and beautiful praise. As each one of these musicians are at their post playing skillfully as unto you, I pray that the breadth of the things that we have shared today could find depth. &gt;&gt; Yes. I realize Lord it's very simple and I I think for myself very focused yet with great breath but Lord I I if I have not gone deep enough if I have not been diligent enough I pray that the Holy Spirit could come now and give depth that it could dig deep and find that place may it be deratizing those seeds that have been sown and may we recognize that there is a work of God that you're achieving in our lives the author and finisher that he who has begun a good work in us is just and faithful to finish it. That holiness is not itself the end all, but there is a purpose and intent to holiness. That the perfecting of holiness is to allow this nature of holiness to fulfill its purpose. Oh Lord, make our paths plain so that they that are lame, those that are halt, those that are hurting could see that there's a plain path and can walk in it. If we make straight the paths of our feet, Paul said, "It's so that they that are wondering can be healed." Lord, let us not vary from this standard of holiness that we have been given. Let us not trivialize it. Let us not call it foolishness, but Lord, may we seek to understand it. May it not be imposed by legalism or prescripted by law, but rather Lord, may we find the spirit of holiness deep within our souls that compels us to constantly yield to you as a member of righteousness. Lord, as the poet in this hour said, "Let my life song sing to you." And Lord, I do not want there to be these inappropriate tunes and textures and tones, but Lord, may my heart have symmetry with your word of God. May the divine proportion be manifested in each one of us as to what we're called to. May we preserve the distinctions among genders that you have beautified, that you find pleasing, and that you love. And Lord, I pray that you bless your people today with this singular focus. Have I approached this word? If there be a need of healing today, I believe you are a healer. If they're in need of deliverance, I believe that you are a deliverer. If someone came today brokenhearted and they needed a word that would speak to that anxiety about the fear of this relationship, Lord, I pray now you'd make yourself known to them that they could recognize that there's an answer in even those things which are preached today that can be applied to whatever it is they're facing today. Whether we fear of the prospects financially, whether we fear the prospects emotionally or physically, whether we are struggling with poor health or the devil is whispering seekers to us that things that were in the past are now presenting themselves yet again. We believe God that you're present with us and we rebuke any spirit of the devil any form of that that is uh evil favored in anything that would mar the image &gt;&gt; of your word. We rebuke in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And may the believer accept it now upon the basis that you said so. And may we trust you more, Lord. Trust you for all that you have for us. I ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. And I'm going to pray. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I see. For when your eyes are on this child, your grace, hallelujah, in me. Sing it one more time. Oh Lord, oh Lord, how beautiful. Thank you Lord. Your face is all I see. For when your eyes are all this child, grace abounds in me. I say praise the Lord to the word of God this morning that's blessed our hearts and may it be our prayer that the scripture that he read show me thy ways oh Lord and teach me thy paths the Lord's interest entering us into some things here I've never in my life my whole Christian journey in this message seen how the Lord has been speaking even the last few months to us to enter us into something that's beyond just the optics behind Han just gravitating towards looking right on the outside. Today we have answers of the reasons why God spoke things even for dress. We got to know the reason why. We got to know the heart of God. Some of the young people will probably be um I wonder if they were saying, "Oh, that's what we talked about in the youth meeting. The last couple youth meetings, we talked about a few of these things." things. And when I was at brother Aaron's in February, um I visited a Wednesday night service where he was speaking and he talked a little bit about the clothing in this way and the approach this way. And I said to him after I said, "We'd love to hear that back." So he touched a little bit on it today, but looking at it through the eyes of God's character, God's ways, the reasons why. And in the uh Old Testament as we've been speaking in the youth beings and just sharing one another's hearts about all the laws and all the things God gave and I was just trying to show the young people that we have to catch the desire and the heart of God. And when we do something when we catch his desire and we do it because God desires it that's the right reason to do it. &gt;&gt; A commandment even that word gets a bad connotation. Do it. Just do it. God said do it. Just do it. and you do it out of duty. That's respectful. That's nice. And if you're in this message and you follow the message because of that, God bless you. Praise the Lord. But I'm telling you, we have to come to knowing the mind and heart and desire of our Lord. &gt;&gt; And that's why we do it. I gave a funny example uh to the youth. I'll give it before you. Hopefully, you won't. And by the way, let me correct. I never gave him an hour of restraint this morning. He made all that up, by the way. I never did. I don't like to restrain anybody. And how many enjoy this word today? &gt;&gt; But I told one of the young men, I said, "Now, if you if I come to you, I don't know who's one of these guys at the youth meeting." Ben, it might have been Ben. And uh how many appreciate these young guys on the front row here? These are I appreciate them. Such a hunger for the word of God. It's the front row brothers, not the backstreet boys. The front row brothers, right? Amen. But you know, I said to uh I think it was Ben, I said, 'If if if I came to you and said, I I want you to do something and I want you to do it every time you come to church, and that's I want you to stand on your head and bark like a dog three times. Matter of fact, don't just do it at church. Do it three times a day. Stand on your head, bark like a dog. And Ben would go out and he's probably very confused about this commandment. He doesn't understand why I'm asking for this. Ben may go and do that because out of his respect for me as a pastor and as a man of God, I don't know, he may go do it and you may see him doing that. But what if he never had me say that to him and he uh heard through a friend of mine that I just in passing said, I said, "You know, I'd really like you know what I'd like I'd like to see the young people standing on their head and barking three times a day. really just I love to see that if we could just grow into a youth group that stands on their head and barks three times a day and I just expressed this to a friend. Well, Ben finds out through the grapevine talking to that friend. He found out it was my desire. I never told him to do it, but he found out that's the desire of his heart. And I show up at church and Ben comes down to the front, which Ben would never do this, but Ben comes down and he stands on his head in front of the congregation, barks three times. And I'm It's It's moving my heart because I never told him to do that. He heard the inspiration and desire in my heart. And it moves my heart because this young man is doing it because of my desire. I said, "You know what? There was warriors around David one day that was fighting for him. And when he desired a drink from the well of Bethlehem, there was no commandment. They took their swords. He said, "Oh, I'm so thirsty. I'd love to have a drink from that." And they fought through 25 miles of the enemy to bring him back a drink. And brother Bram says the least of his desires was a commandment to them. &gt;&gt; We have got to grow deeper. Can you say amen &gt;&gt; in this word? It's it's the we've preached it for years. This message has revealed the mind of Christ and the back part of God's mind. Well, let me see some of the character of the Lord Jesus. Let me see some of the maturity. Can you say amen? Let me see the beauty. Worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness. Notice it's not just holiness but the beauty of holiness. There's a beauty of Christ's desire that he wants to express where in his people. How many just raise your hand? That's the beauty that I want to manifest. The distinctions and genders and all that. You can have arguments, but you see once you catch the mind of God and what he's saying, what he's trying to do. And I love how he said it. You find out what you have the contrast and why God hates it. It's because you find out what he loves and you're doing naturally what he loves, what he desires because you recognize that's the reason he hates that because this is what he loves. How many want to know what God loves? &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, I'd like to sing that song, A Heart Like Yours, before we go. And we do have a couple of young people that want to be bapti baptized this morning. We have uh my little nephew uh &gt;&gt; Israel wants to be baptized in Jesus name. And we have Sophie talked to her a couple weeks ago and and each of these children feeling led of the Lord to take baptism this morning. So we'll go right from here as we pray and dismiss, sing this song and we'll go and watch them be baptized in Jesus name. We appreciate this great word this morning and look forward to the service tonight at 5:00 uh the directed to the young people, but you're certainly all welcome to come. Praise the Lord. Let's think about this now. Give us that song if you have. A heart like yours is my desire. A heart like yours is what I'm searching for. Full of compassion. Nothing wrong with it. Oh, please hear me, Lord. Give me a heart like. Sing it one more time before we pray. A heart like yours. That's our desire. Lord is my desire. Let me understand your ways. Let me understand your heart. For oh full of compassion, nothing wrong with you. Please hear me Lord. Give me your heart. Let's pray if we can together. God bless you all. And I would just say this. Maybe it's time. I wonder if it's time for some of you to offer your heart back to God in a rededication to him. Maybe years ago you dedicated your life. I don't think you should wait. If God's already been slowly wooing your heart, you should rede rededicate your life to our Lord Jesus this morning. You see his heart, I believe you'd be pulled to do that. He loves you this morning. He made a perfect sac come and made a perfect sacrifice for all of our sin. So I ask you to consider coming forward praying together. I'll pray with you as you rededicate your life to Jesus Christ. you consider that heavenly father, we're thank you, Lord, from the depths of our heart. Never in my Christian journey, Lord, have I heard your heart like this, the reasons why, and all of it, Lord, is a conclusion of such love beyond comprehension. We can't comprehend how much you love us. Lord, to be able to go back even in the Old Testament and read it. And if we look carnally, we think it's just a God trying to make our life more inconvenient. Now, when I look at it, Lord, every word is so important to me. Every word is valued. Lord, let us be a people. Let us be a young people that if it's important to you, then it's important to us. That's how I want to live, Lord. And I see your love. Even all those scriptures, Lord, we think, "Oh my, there's so many things." But Lord, I see your love expressed to us and I want to know your heart. Bless each one that's come. Someone today rededicating their life to you. Lord, just receive them. I pray. May they go on to know you in deeper ways. We pray and we commit the service and these baptisms coming up. We commit it to you now. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. God bless you. Shake hands with one another. Greet one another as you're dismissed this morning. If you need prayer, please come forward. We wouldn't rush that. And just in a few minutes, maybe uh 10 minutes or so, we'll have the baptism in the back. Praise the Lord. Give me that first verse. God bless you all in Christian love this morning. Amen. Singing it. Oh, I try to reach out for you, but I fall. Sometimes you feel so close and yet so far. Oh, I need another chance. I need to know your mercy. Lord, please give me strength to change within. Oh, a heart like yours. Yes, Lord. It's my desire. A heart like yours is what I'm thirsting for. Full of compassion. Nothing wrong with it. Oh, please hear me, Lord. Give me a heart like yours. I know that I'm not all that I can be. Think about it now. My weakness seems to get the best of me. But as long as you are here, I know that I can make it every step along the way. Please hear my prayer. Oh, a heart like yours is my desire. Yes, Lord. Oh, a heart like yours is what I've been thirsting for. Full of compassion. Nothing wrong with it. That's our desire, Lord. Oh, please hear me, Lord. Give me a heart like a Lord. Listen to this now. So much love, so much grace, so much kindness, so much faith. Oh, ever true. As strong as the wind, as soft as the shadows. live just once. I could be like you. Oh, a heart like yours. Grant it, Lord. Please, Lord. Please, Father. Grant it, Lord. A heart like yours. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Oh love, come take me to that quiet place with you. That secret place that you love. Oh, please hear me, Lord. Give me a heart like so much love. Oh, so much grace, so much kind. So much pain ever true. Strong as the wind, as soft as the shadows. If just one, I could be like you. Oh, a heart like yours. is my desire. A heart like yours is what I'm thirsting for. Full of compassion, Lord, true holiness. Give me your heart. Thank you, Lord. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close to your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. Love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love.
