################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - 2025-07-09 Bro Wendall Martin Desperation - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-09
Title:    2025-07-09 Bro Wendall Martin "Desperation"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EqeTm3htqI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hear the rush of angels wings and see glor. [Music] Surely the presence of our Lord is in. [Music] [Music] [Music] harsh and sweet of one who gave all he had for me. I saw the suffering love [Music] and the forgiveness of his final breath. Now I can never be the same. My heart has been forever changed. I want to live and love and give the way he gave. [Music] So now I'm giving my life away. I'm laying it down at the altar. how I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer with my Here I stand today. I'm giving my life away. [Music] No earthly price could be too great. There's no sacriice too much to make. The way of me next to the blood of Calary cross [Music] or if I die I'll count it My life is not my own but from this day on [Music] my life [Music] Let the [Music] giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my stand. Giving my life away [Music] could be too great. [Music] to the blood of Calary. So if I live, I'll live for him. Or if I die, I'll count it. My life is not my own but his promis. [Music] I'm laying it down like the old now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my own. [Music] Here I stand today. I'm giving my life away. Yes. Now I'm giving my life away. [Music] I'm giving my life away. [Music] The very least I can offer is my all. Here I stand today. [Music] Lord, here I stand. I'm giving my life away. [Music] time and the end and the end. The Godhead three one father son the lion and the lamb. He's the lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Won't you sing with me? How great is our God? Soon we'll see how great. [Music] How great is these are God [Music] of the Kingstj. [Music] Let all the earth rejoy. [Music] He wraps himself [Music] and darkness tries to hide. It trembles at his voice. It trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Soon we'll see how great how great is our God. Late to wait. He stands when [Music] his hands the beginning and the end. He holds the beginning and the end. The God had three in one. [Music] Father, spirit, son, the lion and the lamb. He's the lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Right. Sing with me. How great is our God. You know, we'll see how great how great is our God. [Music] You are the name above all names. You're worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great [Music] is our God. You are the name above all name. You are worthy of all praise. [Music] How great is our God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands in one accord singing blessed be your name. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. One more time now. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] He is worthy to be praised and adore. So we lift up holy hands in one accord singing. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. One more time. Can we just lift a hand and say, "Blessed be the name." Thank you, Lord. The Lord, he is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holette in one accord. Sing it. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. As they continue to play that softly now like to go to prayer. We do have a request from sister Carol and asked brother Michael if he wouldn't mind coming and and leading us in prayer. It says prayer request for myself today. I got a temporary guardianship of Amaya and Andrew. Says Amaya will be back tomorrow. Her prayers was answered. And then she says, "I'm still leaving on Saturday for one week in Colorado." So, hey, we're happy for you, Sister Carol. will definitely be praying for you. Amen. Like to say it's good to see Sister Thelma here today as well. We definitely been praying for her recovery. Amen. And if you have a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand here tonight. God bless you now. Amen. You love him here this evening. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we're just grateful. Lord, we're grateful for everything you do for us in our lives, Lord. And how that you make yourself real among us, Lord. We ask and you give, Lord, we just want to lift up our hands and give you praise and worship for what you do for us. And Father, we just thank you for this testimony of our sister Carol. Lord, how that you've just granted guardianship of Amaya, Lord, little Andrew, and Lord, that you've been able to put them in a place where people, Lord, can surround them by your presence. And I just ask that you would just take this time to be with them, Lord, to show yourself real. And Lord, you see the different requests, the hands that are raised, Lord, you see sister Alex and brother Josh, Lord, you see the situation, Lord, with the baby. And I would pray that you would give Sister Alex peace. Lord, I would just ask that you would guide the hands of the doctors. Lord, I would pray that you would be in the room with them. Lord, we defy the enemy that would come and try to r them up and try to take away their glory. Father, I would just pray that you would be with her. We love Sister Alex and brother Josh. And Lord, we would just ask that you would continue to bless our service here this evening, both the psalms, Lord, and the preaching. we be careful to give you the glory and the honor. Thank you Lord in Jesus name. Amen. It's good to see everyone here tonight and good to see our visitors uh sister um Susie their youngans here with us. Amen. Really good to see them and as we sing this why don't we just step out in the aisles and greet one another. I won't walk without Jesus. I won't talk without Jesus. I refuse to live one day as before. Oh, I won't go without Jesus. It just ain't so. Without Jesus, cuz everything that I would do, it just won't do. We'll say thank you to the Lord. Oh, I won't walk without Jesus. I won't talk without Jesus. I refuse to live one day as before. Oh, I won't go without Jesus. It just ain't so. without Jesus. Cuz everything that I would do, it just won't do without the Lord. Oh, and I won't walk. Without Jesus, I won't talk. Without Jesus, I refuse to live one day as before. [Music] And I won't go without Jesus. It just ain't so without Jesus. Cuz everything that I would do, it just won't do without the Lord. give up and let my Jesus take over. [Music] Give up too fast and let my Jesus take over. Oh, give up and let my Jesus take over [Music] and heal, make way for you. Say we can go up a key. Well, give up and let my Jesus take over. [Music] Give up and let my Jesus take over. [Music] Give up and let my Jesus take over [Music] and heal. Do we know the verses? make a way for you. Well, if you got a mountain that you can't climb, and if you got a river that you can't cross, and if you got a valley that you can spill. Oh, thank you, Lord. Let you take a hold of your head. Oh my. Give up. Will now give up and let my Jesus. [Music] Oh, give up. and let my Jesus take over and he make way for you. Is there one more verse? I love this. Now ill, you got some burdens too hard to bear. And if your load is more than you can share, kneel down. Kneel down. [Music] and he'll make a way for you. Sing it now as Sister Rose and her sisters come. We'll give up and let my Jesus take over. [Music] Give up and let my Jesus take over. [Music] give up and let my Jesus take over [Music] and heal make way for you. [Music] Amen. God bless you now. [Music] [Music] I count on the same Gods will not fail me now. You won't fail me now in the waiting. The same God who's never late is working all things out. You're working all things out. Yes, I will lift you high in the lowest valley. Yes, I will bless your name. Yes, I will sing for joy when my heart is heavy all my days. Oh yes, I will. [Music] I count on one thing. The same God that never fails will not fail me now. You won't fail me now in the waiting. The same God who's never late is working all things out. You're working all things out. Yes, I will lift you high in the lowest valley. Yes, I will bless your name. Yes, I will sing for joy when my heart is heavy all my days. Oh yes, I will. And I choose to praise to glorify glorify the name of all names and nothing can stand against and I choose to praise to glorify glorify the name of all names and nothing can stand against. Oh yes, I will lift you high in the lowest valley. Yes, I will bless your name. Yes, I will sing for joy when my heart is heavy all my days. Oh yes, I will. And I choose to praise to glorify glorify the name of all names and nothing can stand against and I choose to praise to glorify glorify the name of all things and nothing can stand against. Yes, I will lift you high in the lowest valley. Yes, I will bless your name. Yes, I will sing for joy when my heart is heavy all my days. Oh yes, I will for all my days. Oh yes, I will for all my days. Oh yes, I will. [Music] Amen. Did you enjoy that? Amen. And you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. You are not a God. You are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God dependent on any mortal man. You are not a God need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Oh, and you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. Oh, and right now in the good time and that you are on your throne and you are God alone. He's unchangeable. Oh, you're unchangeable. Do you believe it tonight? Unshakeable. You are unstoppable. That's what you are. Oh, you're unchangeable. Yes, you are. You're unshakeable. You are unstoppable. That's what you are. And you are God alone. From before time began, you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good time and bad, you are on your throne, you are God alone. [Music] And I [Music] I'm desperate for you. [Music] Oh, and I I'm lost without you. This is the air I breathe. As the man of God comes, this is the air I breathe. [Music] This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence It's living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Oh my. [Music] This is my daily bread. [Music] Your holy word [Music] spoken [Music] to me. Make this your cry tonight. Oh, and I [Music] for you. Oh, [Music] without you. [Music] Oh, [Music] I'm desperate for you. Oh, yes. For you. Yes, I I'm lost without you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Bless the name of Jesus. So thankful we can have that love relationship with the Lord. And love is quite an incredible thing. Amen. It makes you desperate for him. Makes you uh want more of him. Is that the way you feel here today? Amen. We are very thankful to God for his for his love to us. And if our if our love is is desperate for him, then I know his love is desperate for us. Amen. That he loves his people. Good to be here tonight. Good to u to see uh all of your smiling faces and um uh good good to see brother Ken, sister Lona, and Sister Tabitha. And been missing them. Glad God brought them back home safely. And brother Mitch, good to just good to see you. Amen. And um just just really uh just really good to see uh you know when you you miss people when they're gone. Hallelujah. And uh so but we're we're so glad to have them. and then uh Sister Susie and um and her daughters. We're just so thankful, honored to have y'all here tonight. Did y'all enjoy that song? I thought that song was was just uh beautiful. And um Amen. So, we're just we're just glad to see everyone here this evening. Praise the Lord. Let's look here in the book of Jeremiah, the 29th chapter. And um man uh we're going to start at the 10th verse. Praise the Lord. And uh we're going to read uh from 10 to 14. It says, "For thus saith the Lord, that after 70 years be accomplished at Babylon, I will visit you and perform my good word toward you in causing you to return to this place. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give an expected end. Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you. You shall seek me and find me. And when ye shall search for me with all of your heart, I will be found of you, saith the Lord. I will turn away your captivity, and will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places whether I've driven you, saith the Lord, and I will bring you again into the place whence I have caused you to be carried away captive. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Lord Jesus, we just want to thank you for the opportunity to come tonight to your house. And Lord, we we come Lord on these Wednesday nights a little and and father weary from from the work and the the things of raising a family and but Lord, we take a little time out in this midweek, Lord, to come and sit at your feet to hear your words. And we just ask Lord that you would speak to our hearts tonight that you would encourage that you would bless bless us all Lord as we as we sit here tonight. We ask Lord that you would Father that you would uh bring healing and encouragement to those that are not here and may your presence be felt wherever they are. Lord, bring them near and we'll give you glory and honor in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You may be seated tonight. I'd like to say it's also good to see uh Sister Denise. We missed her. Been missing her a lot, her and brother Mike. And um glad she's uh off of bed rest and and um um we're brother um brother Torren, he's a grandpa again. Amen. And uh so we're sure proud for him and and that that baby uh girl and u so we're sure thankful that the Lord helped her with the delivery and and everything is turned out all right. and they act like maybe amen if if the baby does okay that she might get to go home this weekend. So So we're just really excited for that. I I want to as I looked here at this scripture, Amen. um the promise that there would be 70 years of Babylon and that there would um that the people would go into captivity and um but the scripture says that God would would bring them back uh to their land of promise and um after that time was accomplished there would be uh an exodus there would be a coming out And God would God would bring them and and bring them near to him and that he would reveal himself. Amen. That his uh thoughts were going to change toward them and would would bring them back to the land of promise that that he had originally given them. And he said, "I will gather you. I I'm going to bring you back. I'm going to bring you back to this place that that I had ordained for you tonight. I want to I want to us to look at this scripture as the Exodus as we are fixing to go home. We are we know that the scripture has said that amen that there was going to come a time an ending of time where we would go back to our land of promise go back to the word go back to amen our authority go back to h an earth that will not have sin upon it and brother Brandham used this scripture as he preached the message of desper desperations and and he he brought this in that as the time was to come, it would produce a desperation uh uh in the hearts of the people to see God's word be fulfilled. Amen. That as the time come and we understand that, Amen. as the the scripture uh declares that Daniel as he as he come uh you know wrote in his books that as the time begin to draw near as Amen. Then he begin to uh look into the books and and the then the people begin to anticipate and they begin to groan and cry and call out to God to begin to feel his word because his word must come to pass. God gives a promise. God cannot lie. He just cannot lie. Amen. And so I I I want us to to to deal with this here tonight because I believe that if there's ever a time for desperation, I believe that time is now. Amen. Believing God to fulfill his word in in our lives. How many believes that there are scriptures that must be fulfilled yet today? There are scriptures that must be fulfilled. We we we there are scriptures that were for Noah that does not attain unto day. There were scriptures for Moses that does not uh pertain unto today. But there are rapturing scriptures that must be fulfilled today. Amen. And I believe that that as as the Exodus coming out of Egypt when God had sent Moses, Amen. God gave them a gave gave them a a lamb. It was the Passover. and and they had to take that lamb and they had to slay that lamb and they had to apply the blood upon the doorpost. They had to uh uh uh uh roast the lamb. There were there were certain requirements that they had to do as they were preparing to leave because they were going to leave at midnight. Amen. the death angel was going to strike. And it was so important that they had the blood of plaid. It was so important that they had the lamb roasted and that they were eating it with the bitter herbs and and and the scripture says, "Amen, that they were to eat it with their uh uh their shoes on their feet and their garments on and their staff in their hands." They were to eat it with anticipation of leaving very quickly. Amen. They were to apply the blood. They were to roast and eat the lamb. And they were to do all of this with the staff in their hand. And they had to be prepared. Amen. To go. And so, Amen. I I I I believe that there was a a an anticipation in their heart. There was a desperation because there was also the death angel that was going to pass and those without the blood were going to die. Amen. All of the firstborn were going to die. Those who did not have the blood of that lamb over their dwelling. I I want to tell you today, Amen. There should be a desperation uh in the church of the living God. There should be a desperation for the living God because I'm here to tell you we're in an exodus. Amen. That we are preparing to go home. We We are so close to making Amen. for that body change and for that rapture. And if there's ever been a time for us to have the blood applied, and if there's ever been a time for us to eat that lamb, if there's ever been a time for us to be desperate, it should be today. Amen. The plagues of judgment are all around us. Men's hearts have it's already been prophesied that men's hearts will fail for the fearful things that are coming upon the earth. Amen. And and there's going to be the utter chaos and the antichrist is his spirit is supposed to be upon the earth and the anti-word. Friends, I want to tell you the promises are are are real and those promises are coming to pass. Amen. It's coming to pass. But it's in the time of crisis, amen, that brings the depths of of who we really are. It's in those times when we begin to feel the pressure and we begin to see the word of God coming to pass. Amen. It shows who we really are on the inside. Amen. I I believe that those slaves in that on that Exodus, he Amen. there it be to show that they were the seed of Abraham. They were going to heed to the word of God. They were going to Amen. slay that lamb and they were going to be ready to go. I I I want to be ready to go. How about you? Amen. It'll bring the crisis will bring the real you out. Amen. Do you really want victory? Do you do you really need help? Do you Amen. Do you really uh h want to overcome? These are things that begins to come as we begin to look at the clock as it's beginning to to tick closer and closer to the coming of the Lord. Amen. And it begins to to to really produce a desperation, something within my heart. I don't want to play around with God. I I don't want to just h play church, but I want the blood of the lamb to be applied. And I want to make sure that when the death angel is striking that I am ready for the coming of the Lord. Amen. Uh that brother Brandham would say he says now Amen. As we talk on desperations for a few minutes he says it's usually in that state of emergency that throws us into desperation. He says it's too bad it has to do that. But human beings are so slothful in their mind that it takes an emergency. something arises and when they do, Amen. when it does, it throws them into desperation. And really, in doing that, in desperation, it brings the real thing that you are. It shows what you're made of in the real in the time of desperation. And it really pulls all the good things that's in you. How many wants to say, "Lord, pull the good things that's in me." Amen. That's right. Now remember that in that Exodus he says tonight. Amen. He says we're taking the symbols of the Passover. Amen. He says the Passover was taken in an emergency in the time of desperation. He says Exodus 12. Amen. The 11th verse it says. Amen. To eat this Passover with the shoes on your feet and the loins girded up with the staff in your hand. You're eating it in desperation. He said they had seen the great hand of God. They had all saw his miracles and the signs of the token. Amen. And then they had to come under the sign of the token. And while they were under the sign of the token, they've taken the communion in desperation. They knew that it was time God was fixing to strike with judgment. It was a shaking time. It was a time where every man was examining himself because the word of the prophet had not failed one time. It had been proven to be true and whatever he said had happened just exactly the way he said it. And the pillar of fire was still there. Amen. And the prophet had announced that God would only pass over when he saw the token at the door. It was a time of desperation. A Can you say amen? He says, "I would imagine that the children were a man as they were looking out and seeing those big black wings drop down from the sky like a like a smoke settling over the city and the screams coming from every house." And the children went to their daddy and said, "Daddy, are you sure that we're under the token?" And he could go to the door and look upon the post and the ll and say, "Son, that is according to his word. Remember, you're my oldest child. Daddy, are you positive? Amen. Are are you positive? I'm your oldest child. And daddy would say, I am positive. That's according to what the prophet told us. And he has the word of the Lord. I I I I want to say tonight, Amen. as we are looking and seeing this this time of of Exodus that is upon us. Amen. It's so good to be able to look at the word and say, "God, I've applied that word to my heart. Amen. Now's not the time to be playing around. Now's Now's not the time for Amen. you you young men, young girls being out going out and enjoying yourself. And Amen. Listen, if you get outside the token, Amen. the death angel shall surely strike. This is not the time for us to Amen. to lolly go around. This is the time to say, "God, Amen. I want to know that I know that I know." We know that the token, Amen, that was the literal blood. But today, the token is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And brother, if you have not had the baptism of the Holy Ghost upon your life, I say today, it's time to get desperate and know that you've got that token and that you are under that token. Can you say amen? Amen. I want to be positive. Amen. That I want to be positive. When I see the blood, I'll pass over you. Amen. Take a lamb for the house. I've brought you children in. You're my oldest. You're my firstborn. Amen. That's the one that's dying in all of the houses out there. But there is the blood. That's what thus saith the Lord was. So rest my son, rest at ease because God made the promise. Oh, glory be to God. Amen. The Holy Ghost, that token will last. It'll stand the test of time. Can you say amen? Amen. Brother, if there's ever a time, amen, for desperation, I believe this is the hour. If there's ever a time to amen say, "God, you've given a promise." And I want to make sure I want to see the promises of God, not just of destruction, but I want to see the positive promises of God coming to pass. I know that, amen, the pope was elected out from the United States was elected. And I'm thankful that prophecy come to pass. I'm thankful to see, Amen, these things all coming to pass as the word of God said. But there are some positive promises that have been given to you as well. And there must be a desperation. Amen. A desperation for God's word to come to pass. Can you say amen? Amen. The boy would say, "Well, daddy, amen. Why? Why you got your shoes on? Why? Why you got your staff in your hand? Amen. Why? Why have you got a piece of bread in one hand and a lamb in the other? Why is them bitter herbs and things?" Amen. Amen. Why is the is the sweat running off your face about son? Death is fixing to strike. It is a time of desperation. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, he was under the blood, but the sweat was still a dripping. Amen. Because it was an hour. It was an hour. Things were fixing to happen. Things were fixing to come. Amen. And he knew that he had to be ready, amen, to leave whenever the prophet of God bid him to go. Can you say amen? Amen. I believe we're living in the last days. Amen. Otherwise, the days were should should cause the church to go completely into desperation. Do you believe that here today? Amen. I believe he says since the message this morning from God, not me. Amen. on the token. I believe it ought to throw this entire congregation into desperation that we have played long enough and we've went to church long enough. We've got to do something. Amen. How are we going to see these great signs and wonders done? Amen. What about us? It should cause in a state of desperation that we are determined before God. the signs of his coming would bring this entire congregation when we've read it from the word. Can I hear an amen? Amen. Oh yes. Amen. Where the word is beginning to take on flesh. Amen. Where the word Amen is coming off the pages. Oh, I love it. Amen. You see, there was prophecy after prophecy that was going on about Jesus coming. And then from Malachi to Matthew, there was a 400year uh interval where there were no prophets. There were no Amen. There there was nothing happening. Amen. But one day a prophet appeared and says, "You've got to get ready because I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness saying the promised word that we have been looking for is on the earth now." Amen. John says, "Listen, folks, wake up." Amen. Arouse yourself. Get your senses in order. Amen. The promised word that God said would come, the Messiah is on the earth now. Amen. It was a time of desperation. Can you say amen? Amen. Yes. You see, that's what that's what it should do. It should throw us this morning or this evening into that desperation. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh my. When we see the skies, the prophecy given, Brother Brandham would use this in this desperation and the token, he puts them both together and parallels them. Amen. As he's saying now, as God has as God sent us there, Arizona and he opened the seals. Amen. He says this is the equivalent of what God was doing in that Exodus. Amen. It should cause us. It's an awakening to us. to something that says, "Oh, God, you're fixing to do something." Now, he says, "Now, the Holy Spirit has told us to go at a certain place such and such will happen." Amen. Not tell us what it was, but but what would happen. Amen. There we go. And it and it happens that way. The newspapers packed it. The magazines packed it. Showed the picture of it and come back here and see those mysteries hidden in the Bible and opened up to us on a on a new field that we never knowed before. Perfectly blends to the coming of the Lord. Amen. Then at the end of the messages, see the action of the great Holy Spirit. See him coming down visible before the people. Even taking pictures of it and see it working and showing that it's not a man. It's not just a preacher. It's not a certain congregation. that it's the Holy Spirit showing the same thing that it did when it embodied in the body of Jesus Christ. He says, "Now it's embodied in the body of the bride. It should throw us into desperation." Amen. The scriptures that were promised of that one to come, there was another one who has come in this day that was screaming out, "The word is on the earth again." if you can understand it. Amen. That now as Jesus the groom was in a body. Hallelujah. Amen. Now it's embodied in the body of the bride. Just think of that. Now Jesus was there as the word made flesh. He was the first of all of the Old Testaments, all of the prophecies, everything. He was the person of all of those prophecies. Jesus was the lamb of God. Jesus was the altar. Jesus was all of those Old Testament prophecies was all in the body of Jesus Christ. He was the perfect word. And it required desperation in that hour for the people to see what God was doing because truly it was the greatest hour the world had ever known. Well, can you say amen? But I say today, amen, there's been another voice that's crying out in this hour. It's the It's the midnight cry. It's that cry that is saying, "Amen, there is something else happening. The word is being fulfilled. The bride has come to her completion. God is come in a body, the bride of Jesus Christ." Well, praise the Lord. Now, amen. There was a question that was asked in the opening of the seals. Is the bride of Christ and the body of Christ the same? Yes, sir. When God gave Adam his bride from his side, he said, "She is flesh of my flesh and bone of my bone." Is that right? When God gave Christ his bride, the spirit gave the flesh the bride. He was he was pierced in his side under his heart and water and blood and spirit came forth and that become flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone. We are the flesh and bones. The bride will be the flesh and bones of Jesus Christ. Well, praise the Lord. Can you say amen? Amen. Oh, what desperation. He says the church will go through justification through Luther and sanctification through Wesley and the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the Pentecostals, and go right on into the perfection of the Son of Man when the husband and the bride will be the same thing. And God will be so manifested into his bride, his church, till they will be the same thing. There is a desperation saying, "God, you've got a promise for me in this day." Oh, come on, church. Amen. There is a people that'll heed to nothing but his word. There is a people whose desire, whose anger, whose whose whose emotions, everything about them is, God, let your word come to pass in me, in my body. A cry, a cry, a desperation for his word to come to pass in me. Can you say amen? The ministry of the bride, he says it has to be so because a woman and her husband have become one. They become one and so does the bride and Christ become one. The ministry of the bride and the ministry of Christ is the same. Remember the former treaties. Oh, O Theophilles, I have wrote to you that Jesus began to do and continues to do. His death did not stop him. No sir, he returned again. Not a third person, but the same person returned in the form of the Holy Ghost to continue the work on. And he continues on, says the book of Acts. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's the token. That's the sign. Can you say amen? How does the bride minister? Amen. Now, I know I know we're living in a in in a day where Amen. where it's all co-equal and you know men and women are the same and Amen. But but how many knows that Hallelujah the Apostle Paul says that you women came from the man? The man wasn't created for the woman. The woman was created for the man. Hallelujah. Amen. So the man was not created to to meet your whim. The woman was created to meet his whim. Amen. You say, "No, no, no, brother. I just can't." The Bible says that he created a help meat. Those are not even two words. He they did not put help me together. Amen. It was a help meet. Two separate words in the in the King James version. Amen. In other words, a helper that is suitable to meet his needs. A helper that is well, praise the name of the Lord. If we are the bride of Jesus Christ, Amen. Our desire is to fulfill his desires. Are y'all awake out there? Hallelujah. Amen. Our desire, Amen. our creation in the first place, our very nature as the bride of Christ. It is our nature to serve him, to love him, to be a suitable helper. Oh, glory be to the lamb of God. Amen. Well, brother Window, what am I going to do? Amen. What am I going to do? Well, I want to tell you, you are his earthly body. You are his earthly body. What he done on earth, he's wanting you to do on earth. Amen. What can you say? Amen. He cast out devils. He raised the dead. Amen. He ministered at his word to the sick. God's got a body here on this earth that has one desire, and that that is his way. live and reign and move in this bride. Can you say amen? He says, "Who is your little queen in the home? She ministers food to you." Is that right? Now, what what what your uh He says, "You she she ministers to you." The The bride ministers to Christ the word. The bride is ministering the word back to Christ. Now, now listen to this. Man should not live by bread alone, but by every word. She ministers the word to the king, manifesting his promised word in the age that she's living in. How am I ministering the word back to Christ? by ministering by manifesting his word in the well praise the name of the Lord. It's his desires that it's his it's his makeup. It's his desires that I want to reflect. It's his word that I want to come to pass on the earth. His desire what he desires is my desire here on this earth. If God is wanting devils to be cast out, if God is wanting his word to be living, then it is my responsibility to manifest that word in this hour. Well, now, Brother Wendell, that's hard. That's why it should bring us to desperation. You see, we should not take this marriage lightly. Marriage is not for a kid. Companionship. That's the reason why you 14, 15 year olds shouldn't even worry about boyfriends and girlfriends. You ain't got no business there. You can't get married anyways. And besides, you might like him today, you'll like someone else tomorrow. And that's right. You got to grow up. You got to mature. You got to You got to know what you're doing. Well, praise the Lord. It's sad when there's adults that are still kids. Amen. But God ain't God ain't calling. Amen. God, you you if you're going to marry a man, Amen, young lady, you're going to have to be you're going to have to be mature. You're going to have to be grown up about it. Amen. They they're not acting like one of those kids th those little kids fighting in the out out there in the in in in the schoolyard all the time. Amen. But you've got to you got to come to the table with maturity. I know what I'm getting into. This is my man and I'm going to give him my life. And you better you better you better marry a guy that's matured because he's going to say because you're fixing to tell him that I am going to give everything that I am to you. You are now my responsibility. You are well. Praise the Lord. I don't know. I don't know why the feminists want wanted it equal. Anyways, let your man get out there and fight your battles for you. Okay. Well, can I hear an amen? Amen. Let your let your man get out there, you know, and and and and let him But but you better you better you better know that you know that you know that he's a he's the right kind of guy because marriage is forever. Well, hallelujah. How did I get off on that? Oh, yeah. Ministering the word back to your queen. Now, I want you to take this quote. I want you to listen. Listen, this is the reason I'm saying that we're not desperate about this is because could it be that we're still a little girl? Could it be that the bride is not mature enough to take the word of God and take the responsibility of marriage? Amen. This is the age of marriage. Listen, this is the invisible union of the bride of Christ to the heavenly groom. There is a responsibility that comes. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. I wish there were other people. Amen. I I I I I I I I want to tell you I'm not worried about other people. I know that I have a responsibility. Marriage is not for the faint-hearted. Marriage is not for the weak. Marriage is for a man and a woman who have found love and companionship in one another. Can you say amen? They can change the world together. That man without her was only half a man. That woman without him, she was only half a woman. But when you bring them together, they become an unstoppable force. Hallelujah. I said hallelujah. Did you know that Jesus without you is not fulfilled? That's what your prophet said. Your prophet said that he is unfulfilled without you. He would have no purpose. You are his purpose just as you are unfulfilled without Christ. But when Christ comes and unites with his, amen, his earthly bride uh bride. Amen. There is a union that takes place. He is fulfilled. She is fulfilled. There is a union. Oh, glory to God. Amen. I I I that that song that that brother Kobe brought up. Amen. I I I whatever I'm lost without you. I'm desperate for you. I need you. However that song goes. Amen. You see? Amen. It is her. Now, I'm going to read this to you again. The bride ministers to Christ the word. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word. She ministers the word to the king, manifesting his promised word in the age that she's living. Amen. Oh, I said something then, but you didn't get it. Notice how it's a good one. Ministering in this age the word. Do you see the hour? Do you see the responsibility? Amen. Invisible union of the bride. He says, "But through our creed, we have disassociated the fellowship of the Holy Spirit to anoint the word of God that is laced out for this generation because we have accepted creed around truth. But we have failed to realize that I as a bride of Jesus Christ have a great honor and that's for his word to be kept. It should be an honor when someone asks for healing. It should be an honor for us to stand there and say, "Christ, the word, my groom, died and paid the price at Calvary for your healing." It should be the bride's cry for God's word to be fulfilled in our day. spirits of unbelief that comes in and tries to take away healing, tries to h that is ruining the marriages and children. It should be our our duty take up for our man and say our man paid the price. He paid for redemption. He paid for healing. He paid for restored marriages. He paid Amen. He paid the price. Can you say amen? He says, "But our creeds, the creeds have disassociated the fellowship of the Holy Spirit to anoint the word that is here that's been laced out through this generation." Can you say amen? You see, I think this is a an incredible responsibility because it's an incredible thing because those of us who are members of this bride, we have that cry within us for the Lord to keep his word. And it's not something that we're begging. We know who he is. And we know that spirit of the Antichrist is doing everything he can to to to push the word down and the effects of the word down. The bride's desire is that God's word be unlimited. Unlimited within every one of us. Unlimited. Well, can you say amen? Amen. So, we got to shake ourselves. Amen. Because your lover desires to be ministered. And what does he want? He wants his word ministered back to him by its fulfillment. Now he says, "What about the church? What kind of a messiah is the church looking for today? You the church cried the loudest." So, so what are we hollering about a messiah? What are we hollering? Revival in our time back this, that, and the other. Amen. What are they looking for to do it? What more do you want? What does the church want anyhow? You've already got it. God gave it to us. It's his promise for this hour. We look in the Bible and we see it everywhere throughout the Bible. Anointed ones come on and made the word live again right in the hour for that hour. And we've got the Messiah. This is him. The word in the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. The word remains God. Hebrews 13:8. The same yesterday, today, and forever. We know what is supposed to take place in this day. We're wanting a Messiah. And God has gave us a Messiah, his promised word for the day. It's just waiting for somebody with faith to anoint it and make it live again. Yes, sir. It's a real Messiah. Oh, glory. Just waiting. He's done giving it to us. He's waiting for the bride to pick it up and to make it live. He's already given us that word. He's Well, come on. He's waiting for amen. A crowd to grow up in maturity of faith and say I believe nothing but the word. My cry, my heart, my need is for the word to be fulfilled in this day. Got to cry. I want the supernatural in my family. I want the supern well. Praise the Lord. I want supernatural. Amen. With my wife. I want supernatural with my children, my grandchildren. I want the supernatural. Amen. Hearing our songs. I want this. Well, praise the Lord. You know why? Because that's when Christ receives honor and glory. When we minister his word back to him, anointing it with our faith. He gave the word. And now bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh. We're believing that word and we're saying, "I believe what you say in Jesus name." Amen. Now, it's just waiting for somebody to anoint it. He says, "Yes, sir. It's the word of God. Both heavens and earth will pass away, but my word shall live forever." But yet, the church set spiritually dead, gone. The hours pass them. They're in a slump and hardly know what to do. one running this way and one that way. And here, every promise that God made in the Bible, every one of them is laying there just as good as they ever was. It's the hour, desperation. Am I making sense here tonight? The token, now this is all coming to pass. The token was for them to go to a natural land, to go back to their natural land. But the promise for you and I is to go to our place of authority. Oh, glory to God. Someone told me one time, "You put too much on the bride. Everything I hear you preach is always bride, bride, bride, bride, bride, bride, bride. Nothing about Jesus. Bride, bride, bride. Well, I don't know. So when brother Brandham talks about you look from the book of revel or book Genesis all the way to the bre of revelations and all you hear all you see is nothing but Christ. He says and if you don't see Christ go back and read it again. And then he says, "If you don't see yourself, you need a fresh revelation." The reason for Christ is you. Christ has one purpose. He left the throne to bring you back to him because you had fallen. And he's come to redeem you. So, how are we going to minister Christ? Make his word for this day live. I sort of I sort of have praise the Lord. Well, this is this I don't know maybe I'm meddling a little bit or or just talking when this is just me. This ain't scripture. This is just me. But but I I I I sort of think that asking God all the time, having everyone pray for us all the time, having everyone brings you pray for me. Would you pray for me? Would you pray for me? I don't know if that's what God is wanting for this day. Now the reason I've come up with this is because you remember it was it was the it it was Jarus that wanted Jesus to come and lay hands upon the girl. He was a Jew. But it was it was the centurion, the gentile that says, "You don't even have to come to my house. Just speak the word and my servant will live." I like prayer lines. I like I I I I believe in praying for the sick. I believe in anointing them. But we don't see a lot of results is because the gentile faith within the elect to stand up and claim our mountains. We're not desperate enough. We're not desperate enough. We we we we we say, "Well, whether it happens or whether it doesn't, it's one way or the other." There's going to be somebody that says, "I want God to receive glory from this infirmity. I don't want to bring this infirmity around and give glory to the devil. I want this infirmity has come for the will from by the will of God for his glory in my life. I'm going to overcome it. I'm going to overcome. Somebody say, "I'm going to overcome it." I am stepping into that place of maturity that says, "My lover has given me his word and I believe it." Somebody has got to say enough's enough. What brings him glory? What brings him honor? When the bride takes his word and manifests it, he goes, "Gosh, come over here. Let me give you a kiss." Hallelujah. Amen. He just falls in love with you over and over and over because every time you turn around, you're just proving his word to be true. You're proving you love him. You're well, praise the Lord. Can you say amen? You see, our desire is for his word now. Amen. He said that's what's the matter today is we're full of theology without any dynamics in it. In other words, you you've got to have the spark to the gasoline or the gasoline is no more. it it's not even as good as water as long as is as as it hasn't got a spark to it. So So that's the way no matter how well we're taught. Somebody say no matter how well we're taught how well we believe how much the Bible is they say is true and we believe it's all true and it's got to be the dynamics has got to be there. The spark to set the word of fire and make it start rolling. Somebody shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's got to have that. If you don't have it, the church will sit still. The cars set still. You'll sit still. No matter what how much you say. I sympathize and I believe the word. Amen. You've got to have something to spark that off to make that 100% octane to go to firing. And the big church of God will go to moving on. It's got to take the dynamics with the mechanics. Someone shout hallelujah. It's got to take the dynamics with the mechanics. It's got to take the dynamics with the mechanics. Oh, you say, "Well, brother, we can't do it." There's where desperation comes in and saying, "God, I want your word living in me. I want it living in my home." Can you say, "Amen." Desperation. Amen. Now he said, I think, Amen. He he he says, now we're lacking the dynamic power to press this word to make it live for this day. Martin Luther had the dynamics, mechanics and dynamics. John Wesley had them. The Pentecostal had them in their day. What about our day? What about our day? It's this is another time. The church, I love this part. Going back to the bride now. Hallelujah. And this is this is this is still Amen. This is in the same series, right? R right after the the invisible union of the bride. Amen. And he's and he's saying the church should be fully grown now, ready to go meet Christ with the manifestation of every blessing that he promised in the Bible, operating in that one great body where he promised he would meet the people and be worshiped in this great church of his. Someone says, "That's my guy. That's my Christ. He has paid the price. He has paid the price of redemption. He's brought me in. He Hallelujah. Amen. The life of the Holy Spirit has come back upon the believer to make that word to live. Hallelujah. Desperation. As I as I've been thinking about Oh God. Oh God. Oh God, you can't be desperate till God speaks to you. Oh church, rise and shake yourself. Be your conscience and wake yourself up in this hour. We must be desperate or perish. There's coming forth something from the Lord. And I know it as thus sayaeth the Lord. There's coming something. We'd better be desperate. It's between life and death. It'll pass right through us and we won't see it. Can you see? Amen. Get desperate about it. Oh my. How many wants to How many wants to be desperate? Desperate. Let me agonize for souls. Let me agonize. When you see souls struggling, they don't know how to surrender themselves to God. They don't know. And and and often times they can't surrender because they're in the chains. But if there's somebody in desperation saying, "God, I want you to fulfill your word. This is a perfect opportunity. You've sent them to me. I want your word to live. Reveal yourself." Well, can you say amen? You see, that's that's who we are. We're his bride. We've got the checkbook. No one else has my checkbook but Jesse. And I always tell her, she uses it too much. Amen. Right, brother Merl. Hey, I'm going to start a family feud right here. Amen. I'm not even looking over your way, Mary. Amen. We we we are we are anticipating God's word to be fulfilled. Anticipating he says when one goes agonizing when one agonizing soul one soul before God in sincerity done more to bring a revival than all the schools there was in the world. That's right. When one soul prayed through desperate about healing. He says, "I'm looking at Mrs. Mrs. Peck and Paul now. Is this Is this Mrs. Peck and Paul? Are you the one that had the boy here?" Something or another. Why? Well, here here's the woman sitting right here I was talking about. Just happened to look over and see her. Now, if God can do that for that little boy, it ought to throw you into desperation. A man from New Albany. He he may be here tonight. He's a friend to brother Robertson. Had a boy little boy here. I think his wife had a cancer once and was healed. And the little boy has got asthma so bad that he he just got in such just a bad shape. Little fella almost uh almost cancered throat himself and or he's almost got the man's uh cancer throat himself. And then he brought the little boy and said, "Yeah, I I see his hand." Yeah. back there in the back was prayed for this morning. See, desperation when the wife was about to die with cancer and he knowed that God could heal her. And if God could heal the wife, God can heal the boy. And it just threw throws into a state of desperation. See, you must come when you're desperate, then God is going to listen to you. But if you're just lawful, you don't care whether he does it or not. Well, then that's different. You say, you say you do, but it takes desperation to do it. Now, what what what am I getting out of this and what I'm hoping you're getting out of this is God's word is not just put there just to be put there. It's put there because he knows you're coming in this day and somebody's going to believe it. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. You see, there was there was an old grandfather. Amen. This really touched me as I was listening to this the other day. Right here in Louisville, Kentucky, not long ago, there was a very nice family of people. They had a sick baby. Called to pray for it. The doctor walked out of the hospital and what and and what about the baby? And he said, "The baby's dying. There is nothing else can be done for it. It's got leukemia. The baby has to die." I thought, "Oh, God, you ain't said that yet. You never witnessed that." Went and talked to the parents. The parents was crying and sobbing and their baby was gone as far as they know. But what did they do? The doctor was right. He everything that he know uh to do he he had done. Leukemia is a killer. Nothing else to stop it. the baby's going to die. But the old grandfather of that baby, you all know the case, that old grandfather of that baby come along and when he heard me speak about the baptism of the Holy Spirit, and I I used to remember years ago when an old preacher there said said there would there would be a time that people would receive the Holy Ghost again and signs and wonders would be done. And he went off into a little room to himself and he wouldn't stay with the son and daughter-in-law no more. He stayed there crying and praying. And when the old fella walked out of there, the sweat hanging across his bald forehead, his eyes are glistening. He said, "The baby will live." They said, "What?" He said, "Doctor, I respect you as a man of science. I respect you and your intelligence and what you have learned through medical research." But he said, "I've prayed and I prayed and I prayed until I surrendered everything I had to surrender. And the Holy Spirit said that baby will live. And it did. Why? He surrendered everything he had. God got a hold of him and could talk to him when he was just willing to surrender everything. Come on, church. Amen. I want the word of God to be fulfilled. It ain't the preacher coming. It ain't It ain't the evangelist coming. God, it's me and I mean business. It's me. I'm coming with the faith. I'm praying through. I'm believing God. I'm going to see the answer. But I need you to counsel and counsel and counsel. Why don't you pray through until the power of God comes down? Well, why don't we pray through? Oh, come on, church. The word is here. Do you believe what the prophet told us? It's just waiting for somebody. That's going to require some oldfashioned prayer. It's going to be some agonizing before God. It's going to be coming saying Lord just as they were agonizing. Amen. For in 1906 and the spirit of God came down and they agonized and agonized and prayed until they prayed through speaking in tongues and the power of God upon them. Amen. There is an exodus that is going on now. Are you hearing me? Amen. God, I want to agonize. We're going I I want to walk into this rapture under the authority of your word, believing every word as it has been said. Can you say amen? Yes. That's he says that's what we lack. We don't want to surrender our ways. You don't want to surrender your societies. You don't want to surrender the little click that you belong to. You don't want to surrender any time. You don't you you got to do this and that and the other instead of praying. You don't want to surrender things to God. God wants you to surrender. Amen. What more? What a whole lot more here I could say, but I haven't got time. God wants a complete surrender when you surrender everything. When you find out that I'm talk, what I'm talking about is the truth. Can you say amen? Desperation. The word is here and it's yours. The word is here and it's already been given by a prophet and said it is mine. You say, "Oh, brother wind, I long for it." Desperation will come comes from a love. And I I I I like that. It comes from a it it it create it it the love creates a desperation. A love for God creates desperation for his word to be proven right. That's right. Amen. now. And I I and I want to I I want to I want to read this to you if I can find it here. Hallelujah. [Music] I just love him. Praise the Lord. And I don't I can't find it. Hallelujah. Amen. Where he's talking about that. But the love Amen. He says the lack of love God. The love of God. I think the love of God causes the desperation. It's the God in you, the token inside of you. You see the conditions of times and the people waiting in the sin and it throws you in desperation because you know the word is true. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I love him so much here this morning or this evening. Amen. You see, there's got to be that for those of you who are looking for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Those of you that are that are crying saying, "God, I'm tired of I go and then I falter back again and then I'm just back." God's got a cure for that. He's got a baptism of the Holy Ghost that'll keep you right on that straight and narrow. It's the love of God on the inside of you. Sure, you're going to fall and make mistakes, but that's not the point. The point is the nature change on the inside of you. And there's where the Holy Ghost comes in and takes the old nature out and puts the new nature in. Hallelujah. Then you're going to get wounded. But you're wounded because you're on the you're on the you're you're out on the battlefront and you're fighting. That's a difference than being on the other side and and wanting to be on the other side. Being on the enemy's side and longing and wanting to be on the side of right, but yet well, praise the Lord. But when you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you've been transferred. You have been you have been moved from this from the law of sin and death and you have been transformed. You have been brought over into the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus. Desperation. Brother Brandon would say that desperation would say amen. Hallelujah. He would say now he said the only way you'll ever be able to achieve the thing that you're wanting is to desperately come. I must have it tonight. I I get it now or I'm finished. Tomorrow's too late. I must have it. When you pray for the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the token, don't say, "Well, I'll go up and try." Lord, I'm a little tired. Oh, mercy. Stay in your seat. Don't even make an attempt. If you come and say, "I'll pass through the prayer line, put the oil on my head, and see if see if it does me any good." You might as well just sit where you're at until you get to that place. until the whole church gets to a place that is between death and life. You've got to have it now or perish. And then God will move on the scene. It takes desperation to bring God on the scene. That desperation, that calling out, it don't matter. Desperation. desperation knows that God's got my answer. You you you you you know you get to that point, I've done tried it all the world. I've done tried it here and there. I'm desperate. There ain't nothing going to keep me from the house of God. I I'm going to be here early. I'm going to I'm going to be seeking the Lord because I I want to make sure that I get what I need. When I come to church, I come because I want to receive something from the Lord. I'm desperate about it. I've got to have the answer. Can you say amen? Desperation transforms it. It makes a different person out of us because we don't care how we get it, how what we have to do, we're going to get what God has promised is ours. Can you say amen if the musicians would come? Oh God, on the Lamb's book of life, I want my name wrote. I want to remember. I want him to remember me when the role is called. And it throws me in desperation. After I have, as the Apostle Paul said, I after I have preached the gospel, shall I be a stowway or cast off? it could happen. So it throws me into a desperate stage, a desperation to think after all the years of preaching, could I come to the place where I could fail him? What's the next move? What must I do next? It throws me into a nervous stage. What can I do? It throws me to the mountains and to the valleys. It's hard because when I'm with the people, I I've got to be all things to all men and I that I might win some to Christ. Yet the tokens always before me. I see things coming up. You can't tell the people. You see different things and you're forbidden. Them visions they call on sometimes they'd be sorry if you did tell them. You know better than to do that. So then you you go so far in visions until everything becomes a vision and it throws you into a nervous stage. You look and say, "Am I in a vision?" Like sitting right here. Is this a vision? Is this where am I really standing? You overwork yourself. You overt tax yourself. You find out things about people you wish you didn't know. the people that desires these things to know these things. You don't realize what type of ministry it cost. You you you don't know what goes with it. And then it throws me into desperation. Lord, I know I'm going to have to answer. Jack Moore said to me one time, "I'd hate to have to answer like you will have to answer at the day of judgment. God has put those people into your hands and you're going to have to give an account for every one of them. You're going to answer." It's been about 15 years ago, maybe 18. Since then, I've been in a desperation. What will I do? Desperation, a full surrender. [Music] This is just really part two of Sunday morning. I preached on surrender Sunday. Tonight, desperation. [Music] I'll have to give an account of the ministry of his word. I'll have to give an account for every soul. Have I told the neighbor about the love of Jesus? Have I reached out? I'm his body. His heart oozes in redemption. What does my heart ooze? My heart oozes for his will to be complete. [Music] Brother Wendle, they just don't deserve it. Neither do you. Oh, but they've fallen and fallen and fallen and fallen. What Jesus said that we should re that that that we should forgive 70 times seven 490 times. [Music] How many in this community knows? Am I desperate about this call that God has put on my heart? Is it is it really in me to minister to my Lord? [Music] Now, the feminist movement says, "Well, I'll just give you what I'm going to give you, and you've got to accept it." That's not the way it goes. We've got to give him what he what pleases him. [Music] I want to please him. I want What's your will? Why Why am I here? Why am I here? Why are you here? [Music] Oh, don't let me miss any opportunity. aspiration begins to cause us to really look inward and say, "Oh, [Music] I want to steal away. I want to steal away. I want I want your will to be done in me. Let me hear your voice. Let me not miss one opportunity. [Music] I I I want your word. I I I I want your word to be impeccable. I want your word to be above reproach. I want your word to be manifested. I I want sinners saved, alcoholics delivered, lives restored, souls saved. [Music] But it's not dead theology. It's the living reality. Amen. I know it's a Wednesday night. We try to get us out early on these Wednesday nights. I I was going into my studies for some teaching and I I just I I some good stuff there too. But when I come for tonight, it just it just all went blank. It all looked like it was just a blank piece of paper. But this one here standing out to me tonight. I know this is what the Lord wanted me to minister more than money and riches, more than wealth and fame. I'm desperate for you, Lord. I don't want to compromise [Music] is agonizing with God to fulfill his word. through me. Father, as your spirit has settled over the building, I know for one my heart. I can see the positive promises. Lord Jesus, I believe they're for this day. Lord, I'm asking right now that you not let me get bogged down with the things of this world. God, there's a cry in your bride here at New Life for your presence to be your word to be manifested. We can feed you your promises, not in word form. You gave them to us in word form, but we're giving them back to you in spirit form, manifested form. We accept this responsibility. We accepted it the day that we said, "I do." This is a union. We've taken on your name and we're committed to your word. Father, we report for duty. Jesus, we love you. We love you with all of our heart. Lord, I pray that if there's someone that is in desperation here today, in desperation for healing or a miracle, family situation, I pray, oh God, that you would hear their desperate cry. [Music] I pray Lord that you would help us as members of your bride to step up to the plate. We're not a little girl. We're the lady of your dreams. We're your bride. And we say that we love your word and we believe every word to be true. Though the enemy wants to keep the word from coming to pass, it is our every ambition to hold true until that word does come to pass. We are believing for the great almighty God in flesh. our flesh in the name of Jesus. I thank you for it, Lord. I thank you for it, Jesus. [Music] for you. Oh, and I'm lost without you. Oh yeah. Oh, and I [Music] I'm desperate for you [Music] and Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm lost without you. Has it been a while since desperation has struck? Has it been a while? Oh, God. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Your holy presence. Oh Jesus. [Music] living. Oh Jesus, we believe you Lord. [Music] Oh, this is my day. We [Music] love you, Jesus. [Music] your holy word. Thank you, Jesus. Spoken to me and [Music] it just called you. He hears your prayer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I'm lost without you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. There's some that are needing the Holy Ghost. He'll give it to you when you get desperate enough for it. You got a warning. You're all You got a warning. You got a warning. Eternal life. [Music] You're all I want. Help me know you are near. Yes. Yes. Yes. You're all I want. [Music] You're all I've ever needed. [Music] You're all I want. Oh Jesus, help me know you are near and I hallelujah. I'm desperate for you. He hears your cry, hears your prayers. [Music] I'm lost without you. Oh Jesus. [Music] I'm desperate for you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, and I I'm lost without you. I'm lost without you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I love you, Jesus. Maybe we can sing that that old song. I love you. [Music] Because Jacob got desperate. [Music] Jacob had to get really desperate with God. [Music] [Music] He had to get desperate. Jacob had got complacent with his birthight. Settle down. He got the birthight and thought that was all there was to it. But the prophet said there would be no inheritance until [Music] he said Jacob he was a man. He kind of carefree boy. He he thought in his own mind. He knew that he had the bride's right. Meant everything to him. But he he didn't care how he had just so he got it. And after he got it, he thought everything was all right because he had the birthright and he thought the thing was settled. He would say Pentecost thought that they had it. And he said, "There's where you failed. [Music] You thought because you were born of the spirit, born of the spirit of God, the birthright that settled it. That only starts it. You remember the message of hear ye him, how that the child after he was born in the family become a son. It had rights to the birthright. But it had to be proven a child trained. that didn't prove that an obedient child to the father's will and it must be he didn't get it didn't become the heir it aired nothing yet it was a son but aired nothing if he wasn't interested in the father's work now this is in desperation because he wasn't interested in the father's work. Oh, just my sales. [Music] You are awesome in this place. Oh God, you are awesome in this place. He fathers, [Music] you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this. You are worthy of the praise. To you I have you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awome in this place. Yeah, you are awesome in this place. You are worthy of to you our hearts be praised. You are awesome in this. Mighty God, you are awesome. I love you Jesus. I love you Jesus. You are awesome and the father worthy of praise to you our heart praise. You are awesome in this. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Father, you are worthy of all praise. Jesus, you are hearty. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. [Music] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I love you. Do you feel his presence here today? The blood. Let's see. The blood that Jes shed for me way back way back on Calary. It's the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose its power. [Music] Thank God it reaches to the high. [Music] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. And it flows [Music] to the lowest valley. [Music] It is the blood from the day. [Music] It will never never lose. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And it s all my doubts. And it calms all my fears. [Music] And it drives back away my tears. The blood that gives me strength. It's from late to day. It will never never never lose its power. power. Thank God it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the low. Oh yeah. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never Oh. Oh. Let's sing it again. It reaches. Thank God it reaches. To the highest mountain, oh God. Oh God, it's all powerful. To the lowest [Music] valley. It is the blood that gives me strength. Oh, today it will never [Music] it's power. [Music] Aren't you glad that there is a blood that is so powerful it can do anything and that you have an ability to believe that that those two combinations right there? Who how can you how can you be defeated? That's right. We're thankful for that today. [Music] Love every one of you. And um so so good to u have sister Loretta and Sister Rose's family with us. Amen. And uh Amen. And so it's just really nice. It's good to just good to good to be a Christian. what it is. It's just really good to be a Christian. Well, we don't know when he's coming, but we know it's coming. It's it's it's right around the corner. Amen. And so we uh we want to be ready and be prepared. Those that aren't here tonight, uh give them a give them a call or a text. Let them know. just look around and whoever's missing, let him know that you miss him and uh uh those who haven't greeted Brother Steve, send him a text and and uh let him know happy birthday. You remembered his birthday and hey, I like receiving birthday wishes, greetings. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. We do. We we we uh you know, it's like someone telling Brother Brandham that they uh preacher said, "Oh, I don't I wouldn't want anyone to brag on me." And brother Brandham says, "Well, difference between me and you is is we both like it and you're lying about it." Amen. And so, so it is it is good to to to greet one another uh hopefully before their next birthday. Amen. But birthdays are a good time to let them know, too. God bless you. Love every one of you. Keep pressing the battle. And uh may the Lord be with you all. God bless you. You can dismiss yourselves. And it flows to the Lord. [Music] It is the blood from day to day. It'll never never never [Music] lose its power. [Music] that Jesus [Music] shed. I love it [Music] way back. Way back on. [Music]
