################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - 2025-09-28 Bro Harry Lancaster Darkest Before Deliverance - Harry Lancaster.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-28
Title:    2025-09-28 Bro Harry Lancaster "Darkest Before Deliverance"
Speaker:  Harry Lancaster
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XC7UwhgQYRM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great. Your love was greater. Thank you Lord. What could seate me now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] Death could not hold you. Filor before you. Silence the B of seed gra. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory. For you are raised to life. You have no rival. You have no equal now and forever. God you reign. Yours is the kingom. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all names. Oh, what a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in your darkness. Over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. [Music] Oh, shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in your darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. [Music] Oh, your name is power. Oh my. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stone. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Your name is power. Oh, your name is power. [Music] Your name brings healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows, burn like a fire. Thank you, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Yes, I do, Lord. I want to see you. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want to see I want to see you. [Music] To see you high and lifted up, [Music] shouting in the light of your glory. Pour out your power in love. We sing holy, holy, holy. We sing holy, holy, holy. I want to see. I want to see you. [Music] Silence the noise in my mind, Lord, and open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. [Music] I want to see you. Silence the noise in my mind, Lord, and open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Yes, Lord, I want to see you. [Music] See you high and lifted up. [Music] Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. We sing holy, holy, holy to see you high and lift it up. Shine it in the light of your glory. Pour out your power in love. We sing. Holy, holy, holy, we sing. Holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. [Music] The more I seek you, [Music] the more I find you. The more I find you, [Music] the more I love you. Can you stand here tonight and make that your prayer? Oh, the more I seek you, [Music] the more I find you. [Music] The more I find you, [Music] the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. I want to sit at your feet. And from the cup in your hands, hear your word in my ear. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so real, more than I can understand. [Music] I'll rest in your peace. It's overwhelm me. [Music] It's overwhelmed me. [Music] Their chains were fast and tight down at the jail that night. Still Paul and Silas would not be dismayed. They said it's time to lift our voice, sing praises to our Lord. Let's prove that we can trust him. Come what may. God wants to hear you sing. When the waves are crashing around you, when the fiery darts around you and despair is all you see, God wants to hear your voice. Even though the wise man spoke says your circumstance is as hopeless as can be. That's what God wants to hear. You see verse two. Oh, he loves to hear our praise for those cheerful days when the pleasant times they outweigh the bad by far. But when suffering comes along and we still sing his song. Oh my. Oh, that is when we bless the father's heart. Thank you, Lord. God wants to hear you sing. When the waves are crashing around you, when the fiery darts surround you, and the spare is all you see, I want to hear your voice when the wild. It's as hopeless as can be. That's when God wants to hear from you. See, wherever I go, I'll praise him. Whenever I can, I'll praise him. For his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For that day, the name of Jesus lifted me. Oh, wherever I go, I will praise him. Whenever I can, I will praise him for his love. It surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus, live with me. One more time. Oh, wherever I go, I will praise him whenever I can. [Music] I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Do you love him here tonight? Hallelujah. There ought to be a praise on your lips wherever you go. Amen. God bless you here tonight. Like to go to prayer and ask brother Mitch if you would mind coming. I don't have any written request. Let's remember um Grandpa Aunt Angie's not here with us tonight. Any any of the ones that will be traveling back um Tuesday. Let's remember brother Josh. I know he does want to be here but he has to be out there preaching. So, let's remember him that the Lord gives him and brother Ethan strength. And of course, remember Sister Loretta, she's only three weeks away. Uh, Sister Tina, and she said, "You're nine weeks. Let's just pray for them." My goodness, I can't imagine having to carry a child. So, let's you remember these these sisters in our church. And if anyone else has a a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand tonight. I'm so glad that we got a God that sees and cares. Amen. God bless you. Now, &gt;&gt; so good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. It's not about the speaker, but it's about God coming down, speaking to our hearts. If we can just get our hearts ready, prepare them, bow our heads now, and go to him in prayer. There's lots of needs. No requests right now, but there are needs. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And if we can remember all that brother Kobe just had mentioned sisters and sister Angie and different ones like to say God's done miracle work with my foot. Um [Music] yeah. So bow our heads now. Dear Lord, heavenly father, we humble ourselves before you, Lord, as we walk into your presence. We invite you into our midst, Lord, that you'd speak to our hearts that you'd write your words on the tablets of our hearts. Lord, may you prepare to minister that you could speak through them. Lord, that it be your words that come out, not a man's. Lord, we receive it as such. But through the foolishness of preaching, you chose to save souls. Lord, there's ones that are missing now. And could be ones traveling right now. Lord, if you could just put your hand of protection around them, go by and hold them right now, Lord. Lord, we thank you for all that you've done for us, for the wonderful testimonies that you put on the page. And Lord, we know you're you're always there. Lord, we thank you. We ask these things in thy precious, holy name, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love him. Tonight, as we sing this song, can we just step out in the aisle and and greet one another? Oh, I came in this evening with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. I came in this evening with my mind. Stay on his word. I came in this evening with my mind. Stay for Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I came in this evening with my mind. Stay. Oh Jesus. I came in this season with my mind. Stay. Oh, I came here to see with my mind instead. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we try another one? Will I gave that in my mind? Oh, stay. I like this one. Oh Jesus, I drink my coffee with my mind. Stay on his word. I drink my coffee with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. Hallelu. Hallelu. Hallelu. Can we do that one again? Well, now I drink my coffee with my mind. Oh, stay. Oh Jesus, I drink my coffee with my mind. Stay on his word. I drink my coffee with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Will I started my morning with my mind? Thank you, Lord. Stay. Oh, Jesus. I started the morning with my mind. Stay on his word. I started the morning with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He promised to hold my hand. He promised he would help me sail when the valley's too low. Promise [Music] [Applause] me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Sing it again now. Well, he promised to hold my hand. He promised he would help me. Sing it as Sister Rose comes. He's too low and the river is too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised you lie. My Yes, he did. Never let my feet to straight. Living on his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises, one by one. Amen. God bless you. Now, you may be seated. We're going to try this song that we we sang during our testimony service. Can we put that honey in the rock? I believe is what it's called. I believe. Amen. Do you love him? [Music] That's what's that song called, sister. I'm not sure what she put put in there. [Music] I have a father. [Music] I promise he will deliver. I'm sisfied. I'm sisfied cuz he is. &gt;&gt; Sing that with us. Good God. I have a father. He is my daily bread. My living water. I have a promise. He will deliver. I'm satisfied. I'm sisfied. Cuz he is good. From the mountain to the valley is good. &gt;&gt; Believe that tonight. &gt;&gt; On my best days and worst ones, he is good. And from glory to glory, he is good. Oh, taste and see that he's good. [Applause] I'm satisfied. I'm satisfied. Cuz he is good. I have a good I know a good God. I have a father. He is my daily bread, my living water. I have a promise. He will deliver. I'm sisfied. I'm sisfied cuz he is good. Thank you, Lord. And from the mountain to the valley, he is good. On my best days and worst ones, he is good. And from glory to glory, he is good. Oh, taste and see that he's good. I'm satisfied. I'm sisfied. Cuz he is good. Sweeter than the honey from the ground. He is sweeter than the honey from the honeycomb. He is sweeter than the honey from the honeycomb. Oh, he's sweeter. Sweeter than the honey from the honeycomb. Taste and see that he is sweeter than the honey from the honeycomb. Yes, he is. &gt;&gt; He is sweeter than the honey from the honey. Sweeter than the honey from the honeycomb. Taste and see that Jesus is the sweetest name I've ever known. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. Jesus is the sweetest name I've ever known. And Jesus is the sweetest name I've ever known. And taste and see. And from the mountain to the valley, he is good. On my best days and worst ones. He is good. And from glory to glory, he's good. Oh, taste and see that he is good. I'm satisfied. I'm satisfied cuz he is good. I'm satisfied. I'm sisfied cuz he is good. [Music] Amen. Did you enjoy that? Amen. Is he good? God is good all the time. And all the time he is what? He is good. Amen. God bless you. Thank you, Sister Rose. I always put her on the spot, but we're going to learn it. Amen. God bless you. Now, as we stand to our feet, can you, as brother Harry gets ready to come, can we do that song, um, Jesus rescues me, I believe. A G or a try a going through so many changes. What's the news for today? [Music] Somebody's hurting. Somebody's aching. Somebody's trying to find a way. A heavy heart, a heavy heart can break your will. Oh my. A troubled soul leaves time standing still. If you're hurting, please don't hide. Lift up your head. He's on your side. [Music] When every mountain seems to hide. Oh, thank you, Lord. And every river looks too wide. Then my dreams are lost at sea. [Music] That's when Jesus rescues me. My faith is strong and carries me. Though sometimes weak, I still believe. My life is built on this desire. Through the flood and through the fire, Jesus rescues me. Verse two, I know you're looking for an answer. Yes. Searching for some hope to hold. [Music] Empty hands leave you awaiting [Music] praying for miracle. I love this part. Jesus hears your every cry. Yes, he does. Oh my. He sees the walls that we can't climb. He will heal your hurting soul and loose to his hope. When every mountain When every mountain sleeps, [Music] carries me. [Music] Oh, sometimes we still need [Music] against desire. Through the flood and through the fire, Jesus rescues me. Praise the Lord. [Music] Praise the Lord. [Music] If you have your Bibles, we're going to turn to Psalm 88. Brother Nathaniel, I apologize. I didn't see your text soon enough. I just sent you the the list of scriptures that I that I might use. And we'll see where we how it goes. Psalm 88 and we're going to go ahead and read the entire chapter. So Psalm 88 starting at verse one. Oh Lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee. Let my prayer come before thee. Incline thine ear unto my cry, for my soul is full of troubles, and my life drawth nigh unto the grave. I am counted with them that go down into the pit. I am as a man that hath no strength. Free among the dead, like the slain that lie in the grave, whom thou rememberest no more, and they are cut off from thy hand. Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit in darkness, in the deeps. Thy wrath lith hard upon me, and thou hast afflicted me with all thy waves, sa. Thou hast put away mine acquaintance far from me. Thou hast made me an abomination unto them. I am shut up, and I cannot come forth. Mine mourneth by reason of affliction. Lord, I have called daily upon thee. I have stretched out my hands unto thee. Wilt thou show wonders to the dead? Shall the dead arise and praise thee, sailah? Shall thy loving kindness be declared in the grave? Are thy faithfulness in destruction? Shall thy wonders be known in the dark, and thy righteousness in the land of forgetfulness. But unto thee have I cried, O Lord, and in the morning shall my prayer prevent thee. Lord, why castst thou off my soul? Why hideest thou thy face from me? I am afflicted and ready to die. From my youth up, while I suffer thy terrors, I am distracted. Thy fierce wrath goeth over me. Thy tears have cut me off. They came round about me daily like water. They can pass me about together. Lover and friend hast thou put far from me, and mine acquaintance into darkness. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this evening, Lord. And Lord, you know, the the thoughts that I've had, the things that I've been thinking on and and looking at, Lord, and Lord, I pray that you would take my my scattered thoughts, Lord, my the scriptures and quotes that I've been looking at. And Lord, I pray that you would put them together, Lord. That Lord, you would be the one to to take control of what's said this evening, Lord. That you would speak to the hearts of the people, Lord. And Lord, that you would minister to the needs and the the issues that are going on because Lord, I don't know what's going on in everyone's life, but you do. Lord, we pray that you would just receive all the glory for the service, Lord. And may we be able to walk away knowing that we've been in your presence. We just commit the service into your hands. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. You may have your seats. Now, I know this was probably seemed like a very strange reading compared to a lot of the verses and a lot of the scriptures that that we will go through. You know, Psalm 88 is known by scholars as the darkest psalm. It seems like an odd fit in the scripture because the psalmist is crying out to God in his affliction, but the psalm doesn't end in some glorious touch from the Lord. It it doesn't end with praise like so many other psalms. It it actually ends with darkness. But yet, this psalm is still a part of the Bible. It may be a part that maybe we don't minister out of a lot. Maybe we don't talk about a whole lot, but yet it's still something that has been placed here for a reason. &gt;&gt; You know, our as you go through this this psalm and you look at it and I know that probably a lot of people have been in moments where they felt like they could have been praying this out. They could have been calling out to God in this same way because they felt like they were in that darkest moment. They felt like they were facing the worst trials. They were facing the worst problems. They were dealing with the worst loss. They were going through everything that they could and they could no longer bear it. &gt;&gt; And the psalmist writes this, and I think one of the things that I take away from this is that God doesn't shy away from the darkness. God doesn't shy away from the pain. God doesn't shy away from the struggle. If he wanted to avoid it, he wouldn't have allowed this to be in the Bible. He wouldn't have allowed this to still be there in the psalm. If he wanted us to see that, you know, if we wanted to have the feeling that every dark situation immediately turns around and becomes all glory and happiness, they could have written a couple more verses and switched it up to all right, we've had all darkness, but now here is the light is here. Everything is good, everything is wonderful. But yet God doesn't have that how it's written. Like I said, it actually ends with the word darkness. And it's not saying he has overcome the darkness. He has done this. It's just we went into darkness. &gt;&gt; Period. We end the psalm. Can you imagine the first time that the psalmist comes up and this is a a song or psalm for the sons of Kora to the chief musician upon Mahalath Lenoeth mascul of Herman the Ezraite. So he was one of those that was in charge of writing worship. He weren't, this wasn't a psalm of David, but this is one of those that he's in the temple around the temple. His job is to write worship. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine being the one listening the first time they come out and sing or chant or however it is that they performed this, you're going in expecting praises to our God. You're so powerful. You're so wonderful. you're so amazing. And it comes out and instead what you hear is the cry of the brokenhearted. Instead, what you hear is the pain of someone going through the struggles of life, someone facing the challenges. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; And you know that it's still the psalm of a believer because he starts out, "Oh Lord God of my salvation." &gt;&gt; He begins going, "Okay, you're the one who saves me. You're the one who takes care of everything. You're all of it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And then we go down from there. &gt;&gt; There is no more praise after that. There is no God, you're so powerful. There is no more God, you overcome everything. It's now just the anguished heart crying out and going, Lord, how can I do this? How can I bear what I'm going through? &gt;&gt; How can I bear the struggle that I'm facing? Psalms 139 and verse 7. Whether shall I go from thy spirit or wither shall I free from thy flee from thy presence? If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there. &gt;&gt; If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. You see, the darkest psalm is seems like it's so outside of the realm of the normal scriptures, but at the same time, God allows it to be there because he's making it clear in the midst of the darkness, in the midst of the shadow, in the midst of when it seems like everything's wrong, everything has fallen apart, &gt;&gt; you're facing, you're about to break because you can no longer take everything you're going through. But yet, God isn't afraid of the darkness. &gt;&gt; God doesn't shy away from facing the challenges. God doesn't shy away from us when we're pouring out our pain to him. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; When we're sitting there in our struggles and we're crying out to God and we don't even know in that moment how to praise him because it hurts so much. We don't know how to praise him because the struggle is so painful. The the problems seem so vast. The the issues are so strong. &gt;&gt; But yet for the true believer, that doesn't chase us away from God. &gt;&gt; I think one of the reasons that this psalm can be there is because this isn't now the believer rejecting, walking away, and bad mouthing God. This is the believer going, "Lord, you're the only one I can talk to. &gt;&gt; You're the only one that I can pour out to. You're the only one that I can express this to. And in this moment, maybe I can't even see how to ask you to handle it. &gt;&gt; I can't even see you how to praise you in the moment. I can't see how to glorify you. All I can do is pour out what I'm feeling right now." &gt;&gt; And it seems really dark. and it seems really bad. And we hit times as Christians where when we're in that moment, Satan wants to make you feel ashamed that that's all you can do. That all you can do is cry out and go, "Lord, I'm hurting &gt;&gt; and I don't know what else to say. &gt;&gt; I don't know where else to go. Lord, I'm looking in your scripture right now. Those comforting words aren't providing a whole lot of comfort. Right now, I'm looking at those and yeah, it sounds real nice, but from where I'm standing, I don't feel it. &gt;&gt; It's hard for me to embrace it. &gt;&gt; But yet, God puts a psalm like this and he's going, "Just talk to me. Tell me what you're feeling. Tell me what you're going through. And no, this isn't going to immediately in this moment suddenly all problems are gone and everything is turned to roses. God isn't a vending machine. God isn't an Amazon order that we can, okay, we've got next day shipping. We'll have this solved. But God is with us in the struggle. And God doesn't shy away from it. And all too often when we're in the middle of the trial, when it seems like it's at its darkest, we're about to get our deliverance. &gt;&gt; It seems like we've come to the end. It seems like we have nowhere else to go, but yet it's right around the corner that the Lord has something for us. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Exodus chapter 12 starting at verse 21. Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel and said unto them, "Draw out and take you a lamb according to your families and kill the Passover. And you shall take a bunch of hissup and dip it in the blood that is in the basin and strike the lentil and the two sideposts with the blood that is in the basin. And none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning. For the Lord will pass through to smite the Egyptians. And when he seeth the blood upon the lentil and on the two sideposts, the Lord will pass over the door, and will not suffer the destroyer to come in unto the your houses to smite. And you shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee, and to thy sons forever. And it shall come to pass when you come to the land which the Lord will give you, according as he hath promised, then you shall keep this service. And it shall come to pass when your children say unto you, "What mean ye by this service?" that you shall say, "It is the sacrifice of the Lord's Passover, who passed over the house of the children of Israel in Egypt? When he smoked the Egyptians and delivered our houses and the people bowed the head and worshiped, and the children of Israel went away and did as the Lord had commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they. And it came to pass that at midnight the Lord smoteed all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the dungeon, and all the firstborn of cattle. And Pharaoh rose up in the night, he and his servants, and all the Egyptians. And there was a great cry in Egypt, for there was not a house where there was not one dead. In the sermon, Israel and the church number three preached in 1953, brother Brandham's talking about this and as he does so often, he turns it into a drama. Let's just give a little drama for the children. We We want them to catch it, too. Now, watch. Here they are in the house. It's almost that zero hour. Things are beginning to happen. I see them running home from the dance. They're they're getting in. They're they're they're coming home. The carriages are driving fast. The hard winds blowing. They can't tell where it's coming from. It's twisting this way and that way. If there isn't a time like that now, I don't know where it is. They don't know what to do this way and that way. The first thing you know, I hear a great hum and a roar coming through the land. I see an old priestly father walking up and down the floor just as sturdy as he could be. I hear a little boy say, "Daddy, I'm the oldest in this house. I'm kind of scared. Don't worry, son. The blood is on the door. Well, what's all? I never heard the wind sound like that, Daddy. That's the judgment of God. I can see the little fellow say, "Daddy, go out and take a look and be sure the blood's there." I can see the little boy and girl hold hands and go to the window. Say, "Daddy, come here. Look here." I look across Egypt. Coming across Egypt, two big black wings folded back and forth. What is it? Death. I see it swoop down like this. I hear a scream come up from the house. There was no blood there. Death struck the family. Separation. It's passing over tonight too, brother. Not physical, spiritual. As they led the natural, he's leading the spiritual today. That was an example, a shadow. I see that yonder and hear the woman run out screaming and all the family like that. The elder son was dead. I can hear the the daddy go, the little fellow go shake his daddy saying, "Daddy, daddy, go look again. Be sure. I can see the old father go back to the door and say, "Yes, son." She's there. Are you sure we're protected, Daddy? Yes, sir. How do you know? God said, "When I see the blood, I'll pass over you." That's right. Watching for the blood. Here come the angels moving again. I see it move up, swerve from place to place. I see it make a dive and go down over a house, then turn back up again. I seen the blood. Here it comes to this house. I see it coming. And the little fellow say, "Oh, Daddy, you sure? We're perfectly sure, son." And the angel slips down to the door, spreads its big wings to go in, sees the blood, and takes its flight away. Hallelujah. What's the matter? He's seen the blood. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; The children of Israel had been in affliction for so long, and they had seen the different plagues that came. And Goan had been the safe space. It had been the place where it didn't strike. But yet for this plague, Goan was included. God didn't just say, "Oh, there's a barrier around here. Anyone in this land is safe." He said, "You have to put up the blood. You have to apply the token." And as brother Brandham describes here, you have I'm sure that there were plenty of firstborn children that were young enough they had no clue what was going on. But any of those that were old enough, any of those that were old enough to understand, you can easily see that playing out house after house going, "Are you sure? &gt;&gt; Are you sure that I'm not going to die? Are you sure that we have done everything we're supposed to? There were probably some of those that they were beginning to wonder, was freedom really worth this? Was getting out of Egypt really worth dealing with this? Hearing the screams coming down from a few streets over, hearing the sobs in the morning because somebody hadn't applied the blood. Somebody hadn't done what they had been commanded to do. It was the darkest moment that they had faced, but yet it was also the moment right before they would receive their deliverance. They were holding out one more night before they would be told, "Get out before Pharaoh would say, get out. Take everything with you. Just leave." Yes, &gt;&gt; they had faced the darkest moment, especially for those oldest children, especially for those firstborn that they were old enough and but they were still under their parents' household. So, how could it be if you were the oldest and you were in the household where your parents didn't believe, they didn't want to apply the token, but that's where you are. That's the place you've been. &gt;&gt; Or you could be the children, as brother Brandon would talk about in other places where they're going, "That's Johnny's mom. I recognize her voice. I played with Johnny. We were out there playing this morning and we were out there playing yesterday. We can wa we can read through the story and so often we read through these different tales and we don't really allow ourselves to think about it too much. It's like, yeah, we know the story of of Exodus. Yeah, we know the story of this. But yet to put yourself there and start to add some humanity to it and go, "What were they actually feeling?" How confident would the father truly be? He had put up the blood. He had done what he was told. But did he really completely believe that that was going to save his son? Or was he sitting there in some fear going, "I I really hope that this works. I really, Lord, I'm trying to have faith. Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief. How many of the fathers were in that moment? You can't tell me every one of the fathers in in Israel at that moment was going, I have complete faith. I know I have there's no shadow of a doubt that the death angel will pass over me. as you hear screams slowly getting closer and closer to your house. The mothers that were there that their father, their husband had been the one to to put the blood on the door, but she's starting to wonder now. She's starting to go, "Am I about to see my firstborn die?" &gt;&gt; I'm sure there were some that they had all the faith in Moses that they could have. There were others that they had faith, but they were still human. &gt;&gt; They were still people. And hearing the scream, seeing the pain, it started to get a little more real. This wasn't some nice Bible story that we tell in Sunday school. This wasn't the cleaned up version that we offer to the little kids. This was reality. &gt;&gt; And it was really dark. But yet the deliverance was right around the corner. &gt;&gt; You know, Brother Brandon would talk about in other places talking about the the three Hebrew children and he tells the story in the sermon witnesses. And here you have Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego that they have made their stand. They have refused to bow. And they stand before King Nebuchadnezzar. And he gives them one more chance. Bow the knee. when the trumpets blow, when all the the musicians sound and they say, "No, we will not bow the knee. We will not worship." And in our mind, when we picture this, we think, "Okay, he immediately decrees, go throw them into the into the pit. Go throw them into the fire. Go throw them into the furnace." But yet the scripture says he heated it seven times hotter. Do you know how long that would take? This is not a short process. This is not turn up the gas to get it going. This is we have to keep carting more and more fuel, more than likely wood of some sort or coal or something. This is and this is not immediately dump it in and it's immediately seven times hotter. Seven times hotter is going to take a while. Even if it was all natural gas, to get seven times hotter is going to take a while. But they didn't even have that. And brother Brandham as he's dramatizing this, he talks about they went into an allnight prayer meeting cuz it probably took them that long to heat the thing up. This wasn't a we're standing boldly for our faith. You immediately decree and we get dragged off in that moment. No, this was a they decree we're going to die and now we have to stand here and watch for hour after hour after hour seeing them haul more and more coal or wood or whatever it was they were using up to this. I hadn't caught that before until I was reading through and Brother Random talked about it being an all night prayer meeting. I'd never really thought about that. I just pictured in my head he decrees they drag him off and they try to throw him in. The guys who went to throw him in die. We all know this part of the story. But once again, let's let's run this into the human component. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego had made their stand. And now the devil decides that he's going to ice the picture. Let's call a timeout. We're going to heat this thing up seven times. And you just have to stand there and watch. You don't get to face your big moment yet. You have to wait. And you have to watch this get brighter and brighter from the flames. You have to get where more than likely from where they could sit, they could probably start feeling the heat building. &gt;&gt; Maybe they were sitting far enough that at first they couldn't even feel the heat from the furnace, but then they kept throwing in more fuel and more fuel and they start to feel the waves. The wind is getting hotter as it blows around. and they start getting more and more heat just from where they're sitting. And brother Brandham as he's dramatizing, he talks about the next morning as they're being led there, one asks the other, "Are you prayed up? Are you ready?" You've had all night to think about, "Are you going to recant? This isn't great in the emotion. We've stood up. We're strong. We're ready. Take us to the furnace. No, let's give you a day or two. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; of just sitting there. &gt;&gt; You know, it's like sometimes you'll come through and we'll have a wonderful meetings like we recently had. You come through the prayer line, you feel the spirit on you. You can feel God's doing something. And then the next day comes and that problem hasn't been dealt with yet. And another day comes and another day comes and that problem still hasn't been dealt with. Maybe it's even beginning to look worse than it was before. Maybe you're starting to feel more symptoms than you did before. Maybe you're starting to see debts mount up. Maybe you're starting to see this problem or that problem. You would thought things were bad enough and then the devil decides he's going to turn up the heat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; To see if you really got what you said you did. You were able to take that stand. Yes. Yes, I know God is a healer. Yes, I know God is a provider. Yes, I know God can do whatever it is that I need. &gt;&gt; And Satan says, "Time out. Let's ice the pitcher." He doesn't get to throw the last ball yet. He doesn't get to face the batter doesn't get to face the last pitch yet. He's got to wait. &gt;&gt; We're icing the hitter. We're icing the pitcher. Take your pick. Let's see if we can get a little more nerves there. Let's see if we can let them feel the pressure a little more. Let's see if we can get them to choke in the moment. &gt;&gt; What can we do to pile it on to make it seem even worse than it was before they went through that prayer line? Before they went up to the altar, before they were in their prayer room and they got something. Let's make it seem even worse than it was then. How can we pile a little bit more on there? How can we throw a little more fuel on the fire? How can we make it seem a little bit darker? Are they still going to hold on? Are they still going to hold on through the pain? Are they still going to hold on after they thought they had their freedom? They thought they had their release. They thought it was all over. And then they realize it's just coming. It hasn't gotten here yet. And now things are looking worse. And now the darkness is getting even darker. And we're beginning to get to the point where all I can pray is my sorrow. All I can pray is my call out to God because I don't even know what to do anymore. But yet, as brother Brandham's dramatizing it and here they are and they're going, "Are you prayed up? Are you ready?" Brother Brandham then switches viewpoints and he leaves the three Hebrew children as they're walking and being led towards the furnace and he goes up into heaven and he has here's the archangel Michael comes to God and goes, "God, have you looked down there? Do you see your three children &gt;&gt; that they've made their stand and they've held on to it through all the hours of the furnace heating? They've held on through all the darkness. Let me go down there. I'll change the situation right now. &gt;&gt; No, no, Michael, you just you hang back. Then Wormwood comes up and God, have you been watching this? Have you been looking down on earth? Have you seen your three children who they've held on hour after hour as they watched the furnace get hotter? &gt;&gt; They held on through each time that the devil has come down and whispered in their ears. Each time the devil has come down and whispered in their mind, "Lord, let me go down. I'll flood out that furnace. I'll destroy them all. I'll change the situation. And God says, "No, Wormwood, you're a good angel, but you just wait back there because I've decided I'm going to handle this personally. This isn't something I'm going to send one of the angels to deal with. This isn't something where I'm going to send an agent. This is where I'm going to step in myself. And God didn't step in as they were walking up to the furnace. God didn't step in when they opened the doors, when they opened the great, when they did whatever. He didn't step in through every step of the way. And those three Hebrew children didn't know what kind of conversation was going on in heaven. They didn't know what was about to happen. They had come to accept, they had come to grips with the idea that the darkness is going to consume us here. We'll get light on the other side. They had come to grips with the idea that they weren't coming out of this. They knew God could, but they had accepted at that point. Let's be honest, as human beings at that point, every one of us probably would accepted, okay, God's not going to save me. I know he can. &gt;&gt; But in that moment, now maybe I'm only talking to myself. Maybe all of you just have so much faith that you would never have even thought about it. Be like, "No, God is going to save me the whole way through. Maybe I'm the only one who'd be like, "All right, Lord. I'll see you in heaven in a few minutes. It's we're done." If God was going to save me, he would have saved me back there. He would have changed Nebuchadnezzar's heart. He would have Daniel would have shown up and talked to Nebuchadnezzar and set us free. something would have happened. &gt;&gt; There is no way God would have let it go this far. There is no way God would let me go up to the point where I've only got one more step and I'm going right into the fire. One more step and the people pushing me are already dropping beside me. I would have already accepted and been like, "Okay, Lord, I'm about to see you in your throne. That's where I'm at." But in that darkest of moments was when God would come down and they would now be joined by the fourth man in the fire and they wouldn't be feeling the heat anymore. They wouldn't be feeling the flames. They were right. They were about to be in the presence of God, but they were wrong with where that presence was going to be. They thought they were going to be in his presence on the other side. And God said, "No, I'm going to bring my presence to you because you're now going to get your deliverance. It's now time for me to show my power. It's now time for me to show that you holding on this whole time has been worth it. Acts chapter 16 and verse 22. And the multitude rose up together against them. And the magistrates ran off their clothes and commanded to beat them. And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailer to keep them safely, who having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stalks. And at midnight, Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God, and the prisoners heard them. And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundation of the prison was shaken. And immediately all the doors were open, and everyone's bands were loosed. and the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep. And seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had fled. But Paul cried and with a loud voice, saying, "Do thyself no harm, for we are all here." Then he called for a light and sprang in and came trembling and fell down before Paul and Silas and brought them out and said, "Sers, what must I do to be saved?" And they said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved and thy house." And they spoke unto him the word of the Lord, and to all that were in his house. And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes, and was baptized, he and all his, straight away. And when he had brought them into his house, he said, "Meet before them," and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house. Paul and Silas were preaching. They had Paul had just cast the spirit out of a woman that did divination and her owner because she was a slave was now ticked off because he had lost all the money that he would get from what she did and what people believed that she could do. And so Paul preaches to them. The mob assembles, grabs him and Silas, beats them, whips them, casts them into prison. They're now chained up in the prison. And the only thing you can truly expect at this point is the next thing to come is they're going to execute us in the morning. &gt;&gt; We've been beaten within an inch of our lives. We've been whipped. We've got stripes all over us. We've been thrown into prison. So, they're holding us for some reason, which means they're planning on doing more. If they weren't going to do any more, they wouldn't have thrown us in jail. They would have just sent us on our way. But they've put us into into jail. We're here with all the criminals around us. And the human mind at least goes, "Okay, this is our last night. Tomorrow, whichever kind of capital punishment they use is probably going to happen to us. Once again, we all know the story and so all too often we skip over the other parts because we know how it ends. We already see the ending in these stories and so we don't spend necessarily a lot of time thinking about what were they feeling in the middle? What were they going through? Okay, you can go on. Paul was a prophet. He's staying there. He's got all the faith. He's got everything. What about Silas? He was Paul's traveling companion, but he wasn't the prophet. He wasn't the messenger to that age. He didn't know what was going on. He just knows I've been beaten. I've been whipped. I've been thrown in jail. I don't know that I'm going to survive. &gt;&gt; Let's allow some humanity in here. Silas is probably not sitting there all super high in his faith going, "Absolutely, I know the Lord is going to set us free and we're going to be preaching again tomorrow. Hey, the Lord's going to set us free and we're going to convert a whole household out of this." None of those thoughts are in his head. I'm sure he's still holding on to his faith, but maybe he's already thinking, "Okay, we're going to be the next Christian martyrs. We're going to have the witness like Stephen, or we're going to have the witness like some of the apostles that have already been executed. We're going to have that kind of witness. That's what's coming tomorrow." And he was holding on to his faith. He was holding on to his belief. All right, Lord. I'm going to come see you. Okay, Lord. I don't see any way out of this. &gt;&gt; He's probably having some prayer time going, "All right, Lord, if there's anything that I've said wrong, anything I've done wrong, Lord, forgive me. I want to come before you with a clear conscience. I want everything to be under the blood when I come into your presence. These were human beings. These were human beings that faced struggles. These were human beings that dealt with problems. And they were human beings that had the same kind of minds that we have. But yet in the midst of the darkness, in the midst of all the problems, they start singing. They start worshiping. Now, I don't know. Maybe it was Paul that started it. Maybe he was trying to encourage his brother that was beside him. Maybe Silas found some inner reserve of strength that God had given him that he could start singing because he would knew that he was going to be in glory the next day, that he was going to be with his savior and so he could worship in that moment. I don't know which one started it, but here here are these two singing. You know, probably at least one of them was kind of off key. I doubt they both had pitch perfect voices and things, but yet they're singing, they're worshiping, they're praising the Lord in the midst of the darkness. And then the Lord comes on the scene and sets them free. And the Lord uses that to save this family and bring them all into him. In the midst of the darkness, right around the corner was the deliverance that was coming. And I know there's I found myself all too often in life in in the situation where I can look back at some of these stories and I'll go, "Yeah, but Lord, what I'm dealing with right now is because of my stupidity. This isn't because I was doing something for you. This isn't because I was testifying and now I'm being persecuted for it. This is because of my own bad decisions or my own stupidity or my own foolishness or my own whatever. Lord, all this trouble in front of me, it's my fault. That always makes it seem a little bit darker. When you look at the situation, you're going, I brought this on myself. When you're looking at the situation and going, I can't blame anyone but me. I'm not looking at this and going, "Hey, I happen to be caught in a town where they now had a famine and so there's no food." I'm not talking about a situation where our entire race was thrown into captivity. I'm not talking about a situation where I was doing my best to take a stand for the Lord. I was doing my best to be a witness. I was doing this, that, or the other. I was being dumb. And now I'm dealing with whatever. I'm dealing with whatever problems. I'm dealing with whatever struggles and I'm not seeing a way out. Brother Brandham always talked about how he liked Jonah. You know what? Jonah was in kind of the same spot. Jonas, he's in the fish that God prepared for him. He's not sitting there going, I was on my way to where I was supposed to do and there was a shipwreck and now the the whale swallowed me and Lord, what are you doing? He was sitting there going, I was running from God. I was going the direction I wasn't supposed to. This is all my fault. Now, brother Brandham talked to taught us the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. That's where he was supposed to be. He was going to a people who worshiped the fish god. There was a reason for God to allow all this to happen. But Jonah didn't know that in that moment. Jonah wasn't sitting in the in the in the belly of the fish going, "All right, Lord. I know that you're ordering my steps. You had a reason for this whole thing. I'm trusting you to get me where I'm supposed to go and do what I'm supposed to do." No. In that moment, he might have been rehearsing Psalm 88. He might have been rehearsing different worship that he had heard over the years, crying out some of the different psalms where David is crying out his pain, crying out his problems. They memorized a lot of those things as part of their worship. I'm sure Jonah was praying his own words and then he was probably pulling up some of his memories. and Jonah in the darkness. Could it get any darker? He's in the middle at the bottom of the sea in the middle of a fish. There is no light. He can't see anything. There is no I He didn't have a candle. He didn't have a lantern. Somehow, I kind of doubt that God put like glow-in-the-dark plankton in there or something to try to give him some light. He's probably, "All right, let's you let's let you sit in the dark for a while. Come on, let's think about this." I see some people laughing as I'm talking about it, but this was not He wasn't sitting there in all of his fa faith thinking, "All right, Lord, you've got a reason for this. We're going somewhere. We're going to do something. I can't wait to see what you're about to do. He's sitting there going, "Lord, I'm so sorry. I messed up. It's my fault. I went the wrong way. I did the wrong thing after what you told me to do. After you gave me the instructions, I went the wrong way." And not accidentally. I did this on purpose. I went down and I bought a ticket. And they probably had on there, ticket to Nineveh. Ticket to Tarsus. I want Tarsus. Are you sure? We've got a special deal on Nineveh tickets today. I want Tarsus. Well, it's kind of full. We've got lots of lots of slots going to Nineveh. No, I want Tarsus. He had to work his way to get there. God probably gave him plenty of roadblocks where he could have made the right decision. Because God normally does that for us when we're doing the wrong things. He keeps trying to put little obstacles to go. All right, come on. You can turn around. Okay, let's try this again. You can turn around now. Okay, fine. You can turn around now. Okay, fine. I'm going to knock you down. He keeps trying to give us little speed bumps. Go, okay, you're going the wrong way. You're making the wrong decisions. I know I've seen the speed bumps in my life before and I've kept going top speed right over them. You know there I didn't even slow down. I just boom and you keep going. Probably wrecked my car, but I was I was going to keep going the way I wanted to go. And then God finally gets you to that point and he's got you in that space where you're in your darkest moment. And you know it's because of your own fault, your own decision. And Satan wants to spend a lot of time reminding you that it's your own fault. Why would God help you in this situation? You brought this on yourself. Why would God bring you out of this? You know, you made bad choice after bad choice after bad choice after bad choice. Why in the world would God want to work with you anymore? Please tell me I'm not the only one that's ever had this conversation roll out in my head. And yet, even in the middle of that darkness, God is still a present help in times of trouble. It doesn't say that he's only a present help in times of trouble if you didn't cause it yourself. It doesn't say he's a present help in times of trouble when it wasn't your own stupidity. But God will take that moment in that darkness that you brought on yourself to bring you closer to him to let you see his light brighter than you would have any other time. And he'll bring you out of that darkness into your deliverance. Proverbs chapter 18 and verse 10. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous runth into it and is safe. Joel chapter 2 and verse 32. And it shall come to pass that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be delivered. For in Mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the Lord hath said, and in the remnant whom the Lord shall call out. And Isaiah chapter 32 starting at verse one. Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness, and princes shall rule in judgment, and a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest, as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land. Satan goes when we're going through trials, when we're going through temptations, when we're going through problems, when we're going through the ramifications of our own poor choices. And Satan will do his best to ramp it up even further. Satan loves to to heat the furnace seven times hotter. He loves to make you watch as bills pile upon bills or as symptoms pile upon symptoms, as problems pile upon problems. You had one of your kids acting out before. Guess what? We'll make more of them act out. You were struggling with one financial issue. Guess what? Let's throw some more at you. You thought you were dealing with one symptom or one disease. Let's have you get diagnosed with more. Let's heat the furnace. Let's make the situation darker. Let's make it seem like this is an insurmountable problem. Like there's no chance you can ever get out. You thought God was going to help you. And then it just kept getting worse and kept getting worse and kept getting worse. And now you're at the moment where those verses that we'll recite and we'll talk about, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and are safe. And there are times when that can be such a comfort. And there are other times where that begins to feel like empty words because what you're dealing with is so intense. What you're dealing with is so much. We all know those that have gone through situations of mourning or we've gone through them ourselves. And there are times when there are no words. You can't go up to a person when they're feeling the new grief or they're feeling a fresh loss and go, "Well, you know, the scriptures say this and it it won't do a bit of good." They're not going to take anything in that moment when they're dealing with that that fresh problem. They're still trying to process. They're not at a point of going, "Okay, Lord." And that's one of those when I look at the the darkest psalm, it's like this when they were writing this, they could easily been they just have experienced some type of loss. Whether it was a death, whether it was a situation like Job where everything's taken. Maybe it's this, that, or the other. Take your pick. But in that moment and they're writing out their pain, I don't think they were necessarily looking for the words of comfort. They were just trying to express what they were feeling. They were trying to express. They were trying to process. They were trying in some way to get a handle on things so that way they could move on to start looking for comfort. But in that moment when someone's going through the pain, they're not quite ready to hear it. It doesn't mean that they've lost their faith. It doesn't mean that they've lost their salvation. It doesn't mean they've lost anything. It just means they're human and they have to deal with things a little bit. But God doesn't turn away from us in those moments. God doesn't go, "Oh, until you get in a good mood, you're over there. I'm over here." Okay? When you when you get in a better mood, I'll come talk to you. And I know this is probably one a lot of moms are thankful for that just the bad mood doesn't immediately mean God went, "Okay, I'll check in on you later." But as we're going through the pain, as we're going through the struggle, God is right there even when maybe we can't recognize him in that moment. And God is asking us to keep talking to him, to keep praying, to keep the conversation going. I've been on prayer in my Sunday school class for probably four classes now, and I've just been trying to over and over go, prayer is a conversation. And when you are having a conversation with someone that is as close to us as God is, there are times all you're doing is venting. Now there are we should be praising him. We should be worshiping him. We should be telling him how wonderful he is, how powerful he is. We should be giving him all the praises and telling him everything about that. But yet the scriptures say that he's near to the brokenhearted. And in those brokenhearted moments, in those moments of darkness, when we can't see a way out, God doesn't want us to stop talking. Even if we can't utter any praise at that moment, even if we can't even bring ourselves to ask him to get us out of it, if all we can do is just express the pain, express what we're dealing with, God is still right there to hear it. He doesn't leave us in the midst of the darkness. But yet time and time again, we see through the scripture where when we're in the midst of the darkness, when we're at when it seems like it's worst, that's when God is about to step in. Which means he's not stepping in when we want him to. We didn't want it to get that dark. Like I said, the Hebrew children, they didn't expect him to step in in the furnace. They thought back there when they were having their all night prayer meeting, "Lord, change Nebuchadnezzar's heart." That was probably their prayer that night. How many of us have had that? Lord, I pray that you would change the heart of my boss. Lord, I pray that you would change the heart of my brother, my sister, my father, my mother, my what? Lord, just change their heart. And we're praying that and we're praying that and God's going, "It's not that easy. I'm not going to let you off the hook that easy. I want to see just how far you're going to take this. I want to see how far you trust us. Lord, just just touch their heart, Lord. Just deal with them, Lord. They need you. I need you, too. But Lord, they really need you. I think we've all been there in that prayer, too. But yet, the Lord allows us to go into the darkness. Psalms 34:1 17, the righteous cry, and the Lord heareth, and deliverth them out of all their troubles. The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart, and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth him out of them all. Psalms chapter 50 and verse 14. Offer unto God thanksgiving, and pay thy vows unto the most high, and call upon me in the day of trouble. I will deliver thee and thou shalt glorify me. Psalm chapter 34 and verse4. I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears. 2 Samuel chapter 22 and verse two. And he said, "The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer. The God of my rock, in him will I trust. He is my shield and the horn of my salvation, my high tower and my refuge, my savior. Thou sest me from violence. I will call on the Lord who is worthy to be praised. So shall I be saved from mine enemies. 1 Peter 5 verse 6. Humble yourselves, therefore, unto the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time, casting all your care upon him, for he carth for you. Brother Colby was preaching this morning on fear. And Satan loves to take us in those moments of darkness and try to have us focus on the fear. He tries to take us in the moments of darkness and have us focus on our faults, our shortcomings, and try to put the fear in that, okay, God's not going to deal with this situation. Not to A lot of times, he's not even he's not trying to come in and say, "Oh, God's not strong enough for it." Especially with those of us that have been believers for a long time. we go, we know God's strong enough. We've seen it time and time again. But instead, he decides to come in and go, God's not going to do it for you because you've made the mistakes or you've made the problems or you've done this or you've done that and you know what? You're just not you're not worthy. You know, it was interesting to me as I've been looking at these. We had Sister Denise posting her prayer request that pray for me. I'm getting ready to go in for my first treatment. And I know that she had been, you know, she had been been struggling a little bit with the diagnosis. She had been dealing with it. And I know some different ones that she had gone to to talk about, well, but she had talked to my wife about, okay, what kind of oils might be a help? What kind of things might we be able to do? And this, that, or the other. And man, I've got, you know, the Lord that not the Lord, you know that the devil was playing with her mind on you've got all these medications, you've got all this, you've got these other health problems, and now you've got cancer, and you've got this, that, and the other. And and this is all me surmising. I haven't I didn't talk to Sister Denise. I don't know exactly where she was. This is me going, "We're human." I just found it So interesting to me as she's going, "Okay, she's already been dealing with health problems. She's already been dealing with other stuff." Then we have Satan go, "Hey, guess what? You got cancer, too. Let's throw that on the pile. Let's heat the furnace a little hotter. Let's make it a little worse." And then she goes in to her first appointment. Oh, you're cancer free. I thought there'd be a little more reaction to that. Here she is in one of her darkest moments. I've already been struggling with health. I've already been doing this. And now the devil's thrown cancer at me. And I don't know what the cancer treatments are going to do to how my body is dealing with everything else because the cancer treatments weaken my body. So if I already been dealing with other things, are those going to get worse? Is it just going to be a spiral going down at this point? Is it just going to be this? Is it just going to be that? We all know the way the devil works in our mind, the way he throws things at. And you will already have been planning out how this will affect you years from now. and you don't even know for sure that it's affecting you. Now, we do that all the time with planning out a conversation that we're going to have with somebody and you know they're going to say this and so I'm going to be ready to respond with this and they're going to say that. I mean, you go in, you are armed to the teeth, you are ready and then the first thing you say to them, they're like, "Okay, that's fine." And you're left there holding all your weapons going, "That was it? That was the whole that was the whole conversation. I was ready for a fight. I was ready for this to be a big deal. And that's the way our human mind works. We are always we're trying to think 20 steps ahead and God's going, "I only gave you light for one step. Would you just look at your one step? Would you just pay attention? You're stepping there. Okay? Just step where I showed you. Don't think 20 steps. just this is where you're going. But yet she goes in, she goes into the appointment, she's ready for the treatment to start. And instead, she gets told, "No, you're cancer-free. You're going to come off all the medication. You're going to stop taking six medications right now because it's gone. And then isn't it just like the devil though to go you're healed but here now let me make you feel sick all over again because you're coming off of six medications because now your body is trying to bounce all around from you had all this in you and now it's all gone and your whole body is trying to reset so that maybe you don't think you're healed anymore because We know that's the way the devil works. The devil's just trying to keep you in the darkness. We all go through the dark times in life and we're all going to go through the struggles. God didn't promise us a flowery bed of ease. He didn't promise that it would be easy. And yes, God promised that we would overcome. God promised that he would get us through everything. But sometimes the promise that we have to hold on to is knowing, guess what? God is still with me in the darkness. Because God isn't afraid of the darkness. God doesn't shy away from it. God doesn't run off to a different corner. God doesn't say, "Okay, I'm over here in the light." When you're ready to come out of the darkness, I'm here. As it said in Psalms, if I make my bed in hell, you are there. Can it get any darker than hell? Does anyone have any suggestions on how it gets worse? Which means that God is where it's darkest. God is in the worst place. And as we're going through the struggles, as we're going through the problems, as we're looking at what we're dealing with, whether it's spiritual, whether it's physical, whether it's financial, whether it's, take your pick. whatever the issues are and the issues that we think are insurmountable and that we are in the darkest place and we can't get out. We are at the point where we are crying out just like they did in the psalm. Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit in darkness in the deeps. Thy wrath lith hard upon me, and thou hast afflicted me with all thy waves. Thou hast put away mine acquaintance from me. Thou has made me an abomination unto them. I am shut up and I cannot come forth. I'm in the darkness. I'm alone. There's no one else here. There are no comforters with me. There's no one standing beside me. There's no one trying to help me get through it. It's just me and I can't do it. It's just me and I cannot face the problem. I've tried to be strong enough. I've tried to be smart enough. I've tried to be whatever. And it's failed every step of the way. I've tried with my words to try to convert my brother or sister or nephew or niece or grandmother or mother or father. I've tried to do it and they just keep getting worse and worse. I've tried to dig myself out of this problem at work. I've tried to dig myself out of this financial problem. I've tried to dig myself out of pick your issue. I've tried to eat right. I've tried to be healthy. I've tried to do everything I need to from a physical standpoint and yet it doesn't work. Everything that I've tried and now I'm in darkness and now I'm all alone and now there are no comforters with me. And yet, as we're sitting there in that darkness, as we're crying out to God, and we can't even find the words to praise, we can't even find the words to worship, we can't even find a way to speak the positive, all we can do is cry out our pain, all we can do is cry out our sorrow, all we can do is cry out what we're suffering and what we're dealing with. And yet, God is right there. He's right there putting his arm around us and he's saying, "Okay, tell me everything." And when you're ready, when you're ready to hear it, I'll start telling you some words back. When you're ready to take it, when you're ready to accept my comfort, when you're ready to accept, I'll start talking. But I didn't leave you in that moment. I'm not leaving you alone in the darkness. I'm not leaving you to fall by yourself. As the musicians come, brother Brandham says in the greatest battle ever fought, he says when this great battle started on earth, there had to be a mutual meeting place. There had to be a place settled for the battle to begin and for the battle to rage. And that battleground begins in the human mind. There is where the battle starts. The human mind was chosen for the place of battle where it was to begin. And that is because the decisions are made from the mind, the head. Now they never started it from some organization. They never started it from some mechanical affair. The grounds never started there. Therefore, that organization can never never do the work of God because the battlegrounds where you've got to meet your enemy is the mind. You've got to make your choice. It meets you. [Music] Further on in the same sermon, Brother Brandham says, "God will heal you right in this atmosphere of the Holy Ghost where he sent you. God will give it to you. Just believe it. Amen. Open up them flu of the soul and body, senses and conscious. And just let God's word penetrate first. Take that mind. There is the battleground. Not say, "Well, if I could feel it. If I'd feel the glory of God falling. Oh, that has nothing to do with it. Not a thing." Open up the mind. That's the battleground. That is where the battle sets in array. Right here in the front line, your mind. Open up and say, "Every doubt, I doubt my doubts. I'm doubting my doubts now. I'm believing God's word. Here I come. Something is going to take place. Sure it will. And in the sermon, letting off the pressure, brother Brandham says, "Notice now God's safety zone, God's place of safety. And when we are in here in this refuge, we have a right to the healing power of God. If God will forgive his enemy and take him into the refuge, how much more will he take care of him after he's got him in there? See, there's a healing power. So, when Christians get sick, there's no need of being all steamed up about it. Just remember, by his stripes, we're healed. That's the promise. He promised it, so he just can't take it back. It's a place of refuge for our sickness, for our worries. Cast all your cares upon him, for he cares for you. It's a refuge. Trust in his word, his promises. Every promise that he made belongs to you as long as you're in his kingdom. As long as you come to him for refuge, then you have a right to every promise that he made. Every Christian in here, anywhere else, has a right to anything that Christ died for. When you're in Christ, you possess the whole thing. It's all yours. It's exactly right. [Music] Brother Colby made the comment this morning that nothing gets under Brother Harry's skin. Nothing bothers him. My wife and I were talking about it in the van after my mother's maiden name was Wy and the WY clan. W I L E Y. The WY clan. If you know any of them, pretty much all of them are really good at hiding their emotions. Pretty much all of them are really good at keeping things bottled up, keeping things on the inside until it hits a certain point and then it explodes. And there are some things where I will admit that there are some things that don't bother me compared to other people. There are some things that the Lord gave me a personality that certain things roll off my back that it's not a big deal. And there are other things that do, but you're not necessarily going to know it right away because it's something that will stew and will percolate and will keep bubbling and build up that pressure. [Music] And yet, brother Brandham is talking about in the letting off the pressure. It's being able to surrender that problem. Being able to surrender that situation, being able to surrender [Music] the concerns and the cares and the fears, being able to surrender those to God and walk away leaving them there at his throne [Music] because it's his to take care of. I can go through the dark times and I can go through the times when I'm struggling mentally and I can go through the times when I'm trying to figure out how things are going to work and I'm trying to figure out how in the world even God can get me out of this situation and trying to figure out how what in the world God are you trying to get lead me to or guide me to cuz I don't understand any of it and I don't understand why you would let this person do this and I don't understand why you would let that person act that way. I don't understand why you would allow my brother and sister-in-law and nieces and nephews to leave the message. I don't understand why you would allow this pain to happen. I don't understand why you would have me lose this job and go over to this job. I don't understand why you would have this and that. Why? And you sit there and there are times [Music] when Brother Colby may think that I am super calm, gliding across the water like a duck, but he can't see the little legs that are just kicking and kicking and kicking and kicking and turning everything up. And I'm trying to figure out how to keep moving. But from the surface, it looks like it's effortless. There's no problems. There's no issues. There's no struggles. I've got it all together. [Music] But yet, in the midst of the darkness, in the midst of the trials, in the midst of the struggles, God is there with me. And just the other side of the darkness is deliverance. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come before you this evening, Lord. Lord, I don't know who this was for other than that this was things that I've been looking at, things that I've been dealing with, thoughts that I've had. And Lord, maybe that's all this was tonight. Maybe this was just a a reminder to me. Maybe this was just a reminder to to my family, to my children, that you're there in the midst of the darkness that you you don't shy away from us when we're struggling. You don't shy away from us when all we can do is weep. You don't shy away from us when all we can do is cry. You don't shy away when all we can see is darkness and we're struggling for just a glimmer of light. But Lord, you're always there close to us. And Lord, you've promised that you would provide. Lord, you've promised that you would heal. You've promised that you would break the chains, that you would help us to overcome, Lord. And Lord, as we're in our in our moments of life that we're in, Lord, Lord, there are some that are that are walking through the valley, maybe they're they're walking through that valley of death right now as brother Kobe read the psalm this morning, Lord. Maybe they're going through that dark place. But Lord, you're still the shepherd that leads us through it. You're still the shepherd that is there with his sheep every step of the way. Lord, maybe we're standing on the mountain. Maybe we've come out of the the darkness. Maybe we've come out of our our problem. Maybe we're getting ready to to go into it. Maybe we're only in the middle ground. We haven't even hit the worst yet. Or maybe we're at our lowest point. [Music] But Lord, through it all, you've promised that you would be there. And Lord, maybe these words, maybe this these psalms, these scriptures, maybe these would just give us the reminder we need to know that that you're there with us, Lord. That that as Satan would be trying to to throw that spirit of fear on us and trying to make us think that everything has gone wrong and it can't get worse. that Lord, even in the midst of that, you're right there with us. [Music] That you're there for us to talk to, Lord. That you're the the friend that's closer to a brother that we can tell anything, Lord. Even if all we're even if all we can do is just tell you our hurts and our problems and our woes. Lord, in these moments, maybe in the middle of that darkness, we can't say it. But Lord, right now while we can, right now when we're and we're in your atmosphere, Lord, we just want to say that we love you, Lord. We just want to say that we thank you for being with us, Lord. We just want to say that, Lord. We thank you for always being with us each step of the way. Even when we didn't know how to to face it, even when we didn't know what to do next, even when when we didn't know how to handle the situation, Lord, you've still shown yourself to be faithful. And Lord, we praise you. [Music] Lord, I pray that you would accept our worship, Lord. That you would, Lord, take this moment as we're singing your praises, Lord. May you just continue to deal with hearts, Lord. May you continue to to speak beyond anything that I may have said, Lord. May may you take this moment for your spirit, Lord, to to minister beyond what human words could say. Lord, we love you. We just thank you for all that you do for us &gt;&gt; here in your mercy overflow. &gt;&gt; It's here that all my doubts and fear just melt away. I lay my burden down as I look upon your face. [Music] You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. [Music] When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. [Music] He who dwells in the secret place of the most high God shall abide underneath the shadow. The shadow of your wings. [Music] You are my refuge. You are my sanuary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging, underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Do the first verse again. I have found a place I can call my home. here in your embrace where your mercy overflows. It's here that all my doubts and fear just melts away. I lay my burden down as I look upon your face. [Music] You are my refuge. Yes, Lord. I say you wear when I'm feeling afraid. You are my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. For you are my refuge. [Music] He dwells in the secret place of the most high God shall abide underneath the shadow. The shadow of your wings. [Music] You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. [Music] It's amazing when we go through the scriptures and over the years as we spend more and more time in it, we find that that God speaks to us in every place in our journey. You know, like I I haven't heard a lot of sermons preached out of Psalms 88. I haven't heard that dwelt on a whole lot, but yet God still puts it in there. So that it's there when you need it. So that when you're struggling, you can look in and go, "Hey, &gt;&gt; there have been others that were in this place. There have been others that were dealing with the darkness and they couldn't even figure out how to praise God in that moment. They couldn't even figure how to bring themselves to real worship. But yet God still classifies it as worship because you're still talking to him. You're still pouring out to him. And he doesn't ask us to come to him in some edited way. He doesn't ask us to come and oh, you have to be good enough. Oh, you have to have put your life together enough. Oh, you have to be clean enough already. You have to have already washed yourself. He goes, no. Bring me your reality &gt;&gt; and I'll work with it from there. I'm not going to leave you the same way you come. I'm not going to leave you in that place. But if all you can bring me is your brokenness, if all you can bring me is your struggles, if all you can bring me is your pain, I want you to come with that. I want you to bring me where you're at. I want you to bring me what you're facing. Yeah. And then you let me be the master potter that'll start to reshape and reform. I'll be the one to fix the cracks. I'll be the one to bring it all together and to make you into the vessel that I know you are. We're not looking for this. We're not looking at psalms where it's only about I praise you, God. You're so wonderful. We love those psalms and we love reading them and there'll be service after service. If we read a psalm in service, it's probably one of those psalms when we get up and we're just worshiping God. We're telling him how wonderful he is. But yet God still puts in the scriptures to go, "Hey, I take you in your brokenness. I didn't say you're not good enough to come to me. Oh, you can still come. I'll take you in any condition, but then I'm going to start changing you." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. I never leave you the way you were when you started. I never leave you in that same state. All I ask for you to do is come. And when we're hurting, when we're struggling, when we're facing that pain, God doesn't say, "Okay, come back after you've got things figured out. Come back after you've pulled yourself together. Come back after you've calmed down." But he says, "No, give me the raw, the real you. You tell me what you're facing. You tell me what you're dealing with. You tell me what you're feeling." [Music] When Satan was trying to tell brother Joe, "Hey, you should commit suicide." God wasn't standing there going, "Well, you got to deal with that before you come to me." He was saying, "Hey, if that's what you're feeling, talk to me. You tell me what you're facing. You tell me what you're struggling with and we'll deal with that. God doesn't ask us to fix ourselves. God doesn't ask us to deal with the pain or the problems or the struggles ourselves. He does ask us to be honest. He does ask us to talk to him about what's real. We're not trying to put up some false front like we do so often in front of people. I'm not trying to show God my cool, calm demeanor that I may try to present to everyone else. I'm going to let God see the little legs just kicking and trying to stay above the surface [Applause] because God wants us and he wants to work with us. because that's how much he loves us. He loves us when we're in our darkest moment. He loves us we're in our worst struggle. And he will carry us through every step of the way. your name, oh God, for your name is great and greatly to be praised, [Music] singing praises to your name. Oh God, praises to your name. Oh Lord, for your name is perfect and greatly to be praised. [Music] singing praises to your name, oh God. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. [Music] I sing praises to your name. You may all dismiss yourselves. Be a prayer for all those who are traveling from home. &gt;&gt; Lord willing to see you all. Oh Lord, for your name is faith and greatly to be praised. [Applause] [Music] I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and great leads
