################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - 2025-06-15 Bro Wendall Martin "Father's Day 2025" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   2025-06-15 Bro Wendall Martin "Father's Day 2025"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKOcSA8iUOk
========================================

Every beat will say, "Lord, I thank you for the life and thank you for the truth and thank you for the way. [Music] Hear [Music] each spirit sing. [Music] A song of praise. [Music] Those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what awome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our heart. [Music] And how do you describe a love that goes from east to west and runs as deep as it is wide all our hopes and you know all our fears. But words just can't express the love we feel. But we long for you. into our hearts. [Music] Hear our spirit. Sing [Music] a song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. [Music] And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you of our love. [Music] If words could fall from these lips, [Music] [Music] I would still run out of time. [Music] that every beat would say. Oh, I thank you for the life and thank you for this truth and thank you for the way. [Music] Won't you listen to our heart [Music] here singing a song of praise [Music] from the Lord you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you why. Let aome God are words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our heart when words are not enough to tell you of our love. [Music] God's goods [Music] of you and me. No way I could count it. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. [Music] God has been good. Oh, so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count it. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so good. So good and I have been blessed. Oh the sun's come up. It's a new day, dawning. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me, let me be seen. When the evening comes, bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul. Worship his holy name. [Music] Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. You're rich in love and you're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness, I will keep on singing. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Bless the Lord, oh bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. And on that day, And on that day, when my strength is fading, the end draws near and my time has come. Oh, still my soul will sing your love unending 10,000 years and then forever more. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. Oh, I will worship his holy name. Oh, I will worship his holy name. [Music] Amen. Do you love him here this morning? Amen. Well, [Music] sorry about that. Amen. Happy Father's Day. Amen to all you wonderful fathers here this morning. Amen. Amen. It's all right to clap. Amen. God bless you this morning. We do got a a program and I'm really looking forward to it. But before we get started, I'd like to open up in a word of prayer. Ask Brother Harry if he would mind coming and leading us in prayer. Like to remember our request and brother Donald, are you still having surgery on the 17th? Let's remember, brother Donald, that the Lord would just guide the doctor's head if that's what needs to happen. Amen. But let's remember all of our needs. It's good to see brother John here this morning. How how are you feeling? Amen. Really good to see you as well and good to see grandpa here. Amen. [Applause] So, let's just remember all the needs in this church and if you have a need up on your heart, uh make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you now. Lord Jesus, we just we come into your presence this morning, Lord. Lord, we thank you for this day that you've given us, Lord. We thank you for this day that you've allowed us just to to gather, Lord, to to be together with our brothers and sisters of like, precious faith, Lord, to Lord, appreciate the the fathers and the men in our lives, Lord, that have helped us to grow, helped us to mature, Lord Jesus. Lord, above all, Lord, we thank you for being our heavenly father, Lord. For always providing for us, for always meeting our needs, Lord, for always being there for us when no other human being is, Lord. We know that you're there to support us. You're there to comfort us. You're there to to give us strength, Lord. You're the perfect father that can handle every situation, Lord. And Lord, we lift before you the service today, Lord. We pray that you would just help us to come in, Lord, with an attitude of worship, Lord, with an attitude of of just wanting to to be in your presence, Lord, wanting to hear from you. Lord, we pray that you would be with those that maybe aren't here, Lord, that maybe are out traveling or aren't with us today. Lord, we pray that you would just be with each one that that maybe still isn't feeling well or still battling things in their body. Lord, we thank you for all those that have recovered, that are here with us. Lord, we thank you for bringing back all those that have been traveling, Lord. And Lord, we just, Lord, we thank you so much for all that you do for us. We just commit the remainder of the service into your hands. The name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Thank you. I have known the Father's care for me. He's been good. He's been good. Through it all, he's always there for me. God's been good. Can we go up a key? Go to G. Oh, I have known the Father's care for me. Oh, he's been good. Yes, he has. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. And God's been good to me. Through the storm. Oh, through the storm. Through the night. Yes, Lord. Come what may, everything will be all right. I have known the father's care for me. Sing now as our ushers come. He's been good to me. I have known. Oh, I have known the father's care for me. Oh, he's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. And God's been good to me. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to come into your house, Lord. Lord, I be afraid to just bless these ties and these offerings in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] What a fellowship, what a joy divine leading on the everlasting ar. And what a blessedness. God of peace is my leading on the everlasting arm. Oh, leading. I'm safe and secure from all alarm. Oh, leading. I'm leading. I'm leading. Can we go back to that key? Everlasting arms and house me to walk in this pilgrim way. Leading on the everlasting arms. And oh how bright the path grows from day to day. Le on the everlasting ark. Oh, I'm leading. I'm safe and secure from all along. Oh, I'm Yes, I'm leaning. Stop waiting on the everlasting ar. Hallelujah. Are you leaning on your father's arms this morning? Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Like I said, we have a program and we got a few speeches. So, I'm looking forward to the speeches. Amen. I'm going to have start off with brother Caleb Fairweather if he wouldn't mind coming and giving his speech. Then right after, Sister Haven. Amen. God bless him. Morning gentlemen, ladies. Just want to say that I think we all can agree today is a very special day for each of us because without the person we are celebrating today, we would not be here to give them thanks. And I just want to say thank you to my dad for always being there for me and just walking me through the stages of life. and he's always provided for us. And all the hard times, just whenever it got rough, you wouldn't really know it because he always tried to make it seem like everything was okay. That's something I very much respect about my dad. And I know not all of us do have our dads in our lives, but today is also a day we can just thank the men that have stepped up and taken that place. And I know it's tough for them, but at least there was someone to step up and someone you can thank today. And I would like to thank again the man who has just helped me out. He's taught me the work ethics and the empathy that a man should have and the respect that uh is supposed to be given. And he's taught me how to love and he's taught me how to just take care of myself as a person. And these are qualities only father can pass down to their sons and daughters. And growing up, I always just loved hearing his stories. I always be captivated by them. Just hearing about the days he used to be a rebel and just hearing about his story, how he came to God and just it just makes me love him even more and respect everything that he's been through. He sacrificed many different lives of fame and wealth just so he could live for God and raise a family like us. And I love the fact that he loves each and every one of us very deeply. And one day I wish to do that. But I also just want to take this time to say I truly love and I'm so thankful for the man that I call dad. And he to me is more than just a man. He's a true man of honor, sacrifice, and just love. And I just want to say for all of us, but especially to my dad, happy Father's Day. And thank you. [Applause] Amen. Did you enjoy that? Amen. All right, Sister Haven, we're expecting like sermon. Well, I know you guys are just jealous. I mean, I got a house in the country. I got ducks, dogs, chickens, cats, a four-wheeler. Papa bought the four-wheeler, but daddy said yes. So, yeah. Um uh but a thing I really appreciate about my dad is that um like He's always involved in every church function and he's not just off doing his own thing. He's helping. He's spending his time and his effort. And even though he's got a job and a business to run, he's always there for the church and he's always there for me when I when I need him. And you know, he's taught us that there's there's, you know, blessings and then there's, you know, rewards for putting your needs putting putting somebody else's needs before yours. And he's just been such a mentor to me. And um, another thing is that, you know, we don't have a lot of money, but the money that we do have, He's always helping the church and paying tithes and, you know, all that stuff, grown-up stuff. Um, but, you know, and then he's running a business and he's, you know, giving a lot of these men boys job jobs and you guys better be think I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. But um um but I'm just really thankful that he's always been there for me and you know showed me what how to be a you know shown me how to be a good person and how to have a servant's heart and papa. Um there is he's always you know he taught me how to play guitar and all that. I'm not good at it but I know a song that's good enough. Um but um you know thinking of all the times I hated working with him but like I remember we pulled up we were driving with Sister Angie just last Tuesday and we drove by Suzan's and Devon was working with him. He was pulling weeds in the yard. And that took me back to a memory where, you know, we were in the car, we drove to Suzan's and I got out and papa hands me this five gallon bucket. Okay? And he hands me this little long thingy with a handle. And he goes, "I want you to pull out every single dandelion in this yard." Cuz he hates dandelions. And I'm over here so stupid. Why am I doing this? You know, all this stuff. I'm like, I'm never working with Papa again. Um but um but now I look back and I'm like he was trying to teach me something because now I'm working for Suzanne and now I'm pulling weeds, I'm doing the garden and all that and he was trying to teach me something and he gave me 20 bucks afterwards. So that was nice. But yeah, I'm really thankful for these two men and brother. Brother Wendle. Um, and a thing that I really appreciate brothers window is he's always always giving and he's always praying for you. And a time while we were at Austin's house and I thought he was going to help me, but he gave me a piece of sheetrock. He showed me how to do it and he's like, "Okay, you're on your own." Bing, bang, boom, done. Okay. And I'm like, "What? What are you talking about? I don't even I thought you were going to help me." He's like, "No, I got to do something else with the boys." you know, so you know, and I'm glad I had my sister and Linda help me, but I would have never got it done. But, uh, you know, he kind of taught me how like, you know, he taught me how to be confident in things I don't know how to do. Taught me how to like, even though I had no idea how to do it, I was like, "Okay, this is how long it is, and we're just going to cut." Okay. and I think it looks really good. And he just taught me how to, you know, be confident and even though I don't know how to do it, just, you know, just put my effort into it and it'll always come out good, you know. But these are the three men have really impacted my life. I know there's a lot of other men that impacted my life, but these are the, you know, one of the main three of the main ones. But I'm really thankful for my daddy and papa and brother Window for showing me how to be the best person that I can be. And I'm still learning, but I'm so thankful for these three men have taught me what I've learned, what I know now. And I'm just really thankful for them. Happy Father's Day. Wow. [Music] Well, I feel bad for the one that has to follow that. Amen. Do you enjoy that? My Tell you what, I need to have her write my sermon notes. [Applause] Amen. Can't we sing this song as Brother Aaron gets ready to come? Um, let's try let's try F is fine. I have a father. [Music] He calls me his own. [Music] He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, [Music] he knows my name. He knows my every thought. [Music] He sees each tear that falls and he hears me with I call one more time. He knows my name. Thank you, Lord. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Amen. God bless you, brother Aaron. Right after we have Sister Len come give her speech. Amen. Well, I don't got quite as much to say as Haven and Caleb, but I just want to say how much I appreciate and love my dad. and uh how he works hard and takes care of our family, provides for our needs and wants and he does stuff with us like take us shopping or go play games with us, take us outside, football, baseball stuff, golf that I really appreciate is that in the morning we do devotionals and just really appreciated that. And before we go to bed, he prays with us and just love hanging out with my dad. Love you. Happy Father's Day. [Applause] Jaden, appreciate my my eldest. Amen. I sure am proud of him and seeing the man he's young man he's becoming. I tell you does make me proud and and frustrated at the same time but I am proud of him. Amen. All right, Sister Len. Thanks a lot, Haven. But just want to say a couple things I appreciate with my dad. Well, a lot comes to mind, but one of them is my dad always takes me on dates. He get to dress up and he'll take me out to eat or go play game or and um we'll talk or laugh and we'll talk about who won last week's football game, but he always always listens to me and makes me feel special and important and always makes time for us and so thank you dad for that. Another like um if we need something or run out of something or he'll be quick and he'll um he'll provide for us and like he'll always be there for me. Thank you. Um even if it's just real small. But what stands out most to me is like his faith, his love for um for Jesus and how he works for God and has a walk with him and just a good example of what a Christian should be. And every time I look at him, I say, "That's what I want." And thank you. Thank you. Thank you, father. Say, [Applause] I appreciate that. Yeah, really good. Means a lot to me. And I uh she's my biggest critic. So, she'll let me know if something doesn't match or she where my hair is or she knows how to make money. Merl, she wants to wash my shoes, clean my shoes, but then she'll charge her 20 bucks for it. So, yeah, be proud of her. Yeah, absolutely. I really appreciate all these these speeches so far. How about you guys? Amen. I'm gonna ask Brother Luke if he wouldn't mind coming and then right after him, Brother Austin. Good morning everyone. Well, uh I doubt my speech will be half as good as any of these other guys. I uh got home from my trip to Arizona and jotted down a couple bullet points and figured, well, here goes nothing. So, [Music] I think the two things that stand out most to me about my dad is his work ethic and his faith. And worth I got to see it better than a lot of other kids. I was able to work with him at Chick-fil-A for almost two years. And uh I got asked all the time, "So, what is it like working with your dad?" And honestly, after he left, it's like it's weird working without my dad. I enjoyed working with him so much. He was a great boss, great uh boy. He was a great boss, a great leader. He taught me how to do multiple things. He was there for me if I had a problem. There were certain things he couldn't help me with because he's my dad and that would be biased. But other than that, he's helped me at home. He's helped me through a lot of different projects that I was struggling with. I was about ready to just have a breakdown and quit. And dad would come and help me and comfort me and help me finish the project. And then he'd show me how to do it right because obviously I was doing it wrong. That's why I was it wasn't getting done right. He uh he's corrected me when I needed it. He's been such a great example. Um as many of y'all know, last March he lost his job at Chick-fil-A and I think his constant prayer looking for a new job that inspired me so much. He was in constant prayer seeking the Lord's will looking for this new job. He taught Bible study. He he started doing Bible studies with us in the morning. And unlike with most people, when they lose their job, it drives them farther away from the Lord. They're angry at him. They want to do something to take it out on God. It drove dad closer to him. and he had to turn down multiple jobs because it would either take him away from us for a long time or because he would have to miss church services. And as y'all heard his testimony, he had a job opportunity where he would have to work at least one Wednesday each month. And he was offered the job, but he turned it down. And I knew he wasn't going to take that job because my dad has a relationship with the Lord where he wouldn't do anything, but he would have to miss church. And then he got a call and he was offered the job at uh Stillwater Medical. He starts this Monday. So tomorrow really happy for him. One of the other men who have in this church who've greatly inspired me is my pastor, Brother Wendell. He taught me how to play guitar. Uh I play in church now, as y'all know. It's been a lot of fun. Um I've always enjoyed music, but until brother Wendell started those classes, it opened up a whole new world to me. I just love the world of music. It's amazing. He has been there. He's always praying for me and every single one of y'all here in the church. He's He was one of the men the Lord used to lead me to him. He was the one who baptized me. He's been such a great inspiration in my life. Such a great pastor. He the the amount of care he shows for the congregation has always struck me. I've been to a couple other churches, but I've never had a pastor like Brother Wendell. He has been such a great inspiration in my life, such a wonderful man of God. And then the third person I like to talk about is Brother Kobe. He is our youth leader. He leads Bible studies and he also has been such an inspiration in my life. The Lord has used his ministry to many things. There was a time where I had been hurt and I had built up so many walls and brother the Lord used brother Kobe's ministry to break down that walls and I'm closer to the Lord now ever been. the Lord. The Lord has used these three men to bring me closer to him. And I want to thank the Lord for giving me the blessing of a wonderful father, a wonderful pastor, and a wonderful youth leader. I love them all so much. They've been so good. The Lord has been so good to me. Happy Father's Day, everyone. [Applause] Amen. Did you enjoy that? Gotta say I've enjoyed Brother Luke's playing. Yes. Amen. God bless you, Brother Austin. Well, uh, we want to start out by saying happy Father's Day to, uh, all you fathers. Uh, there's a lot of you guys in here and, uh, we really appreciate you guys and, uh, everything you guys do, taking care of your family and, uh, raising your children and things. It's a real blessing for uh someone like me being a young man to look up to. And uh I guess the reason that I was um asked to give a speech is well I don't have an actual dad in the home but there's a few of us in here that don't have a dad and um it's you got you know Jonah don't have his dad. I don't have my dad. Devin and Daniel, they don't have their dad, but there's um there's people that have stepped up and they've taken that under taken that responsibility to help um to help lead these help take these guys under their wings. me being one of them, my brother. And um growing up, I without a dad in the home 24/7, I can see where there was a lot of times in different areas where it it w I would have maybe turned out a lot differently or maybe overcome things a lot quicker had I had a dad there in the home. Um, but the thing is is I def I I didn't have like even though I look at it and I know that biologically I'm fatherless, but I never looked at myself as fatherless. I never considered myself fatherless. I had men like brother Merl, I had brother Wendell. Um, and these guys that stepped up you, Brother Michael, a lot of times when we were a lot younger, we'd go stay with Sister Amy and he'd always, you know, help us out and things. And so there was a lot of these men that would help take us under their wings. And so here you have, you know, Devon and Daniel that, you know, they have brother Nathaniel and and Jonah, you know, he's brother Joe's kind of he's taking him under his wing. And uh it's it's a sacrifice for these men to to to do this, you know, to take somebody that's not they're not blood, but it's they see that there's a young man that's going to need he's going to need a way in life. And as you guys seen, some of you guys may have seen some of the statistics that were on the board. And there's a lot of, you know, I think it said like 80% of father or 80% of children that don't have fathers in the home, like there's 80% reduction that they won't go to jail and things like that. There's a lot of there's a lot of statistics and it's a big help and it's a sacrifice to see where these fathers will take these young men that don't have a a father in the home and help to raise them. And so there was uh you know, brother Merl, I mentioned him, there was um a lot of the times that he would help me. Some of the scenarios is we'd go to his house and he would always always have something for us to do. It didn't matter what it was, he was going to have something for us to do. We would either be plucking weeds like Haven or we'd either be picking up pecans or we'd be milking his goats or something. And thing is, if we're going to come stay at his house and we were going to eat his food, we were going to work for it. and he was going to make sure we were to work for it. And obviously at the time, you know, I'd go out there and I'd be plucking weeds and then I'd try to hurry up, get it done so I go eat cereal, you know, but it taught me something now, you know, looking at it from look, you know, being 19, I didn't really enjoy it at the time, you know, being seven, eight years old out there pulling weeds for no reason in the hot sun, I thought, you know, but now I look at it and it's uh it's something that taught me to if I'm going to ever eat, if I'm going to anything, be successful successful at anything, I'm going to have to work for it. And it was it was something that kind of stuck with me. And uh another thing, Brother Wendell, um he he's helped out a whole lot uh growing up because I, you know, he he lived right around the corner, you know, so if there's anything going on, you know, he'd always and which we were at his house all the time and so he'd always help out. But, uh, one of the biggest things that I think, um, stuck out to me that he helped me on is when there it was just me, mom, and Dylan in the home. And it, uh, sometimes we because, you know, you always hear people talk about that, you know, you hit the teenage years, you know, and some people that's not so much the case. For me, it was the case. I hit that teenage, I turned 13 and I was ready to move out and everything. And uh I got really lippy with mom. And the thing is there wasn't an actual dad there in the home that was going to immediately correct me. And so I'd get lippy with mom and she'd be like, "Okay, I need you to make the bed." And so then I'd be like, "Well, okay, she's about to go to work at about 9:00, so it's 8:30. I'll go eat cereal. Then when she leaves, I'll have the rest of the day. I don't have to do the laundry. And then when or the the bed, and then when she gets home, I'll just shut the door and she won't see it. And then I'll just go back to bed and she won't even know." Well, things like that. It uh it wasn't very good habits. Well, Brother Wendell found out and I thought my world was about to turn upside down cuz he'd come up over I remember there's one time we sat out on the porch till like 11:00 in the morning or yeah 11:00 at night and he had Bible verses and you better obey your mom and things. And then there's another time where we were in his living room till like 1:00 in the morning. And obviously, just like brother Merl with him, I I didn't really enjoy it at the moment. But now you look back at it and you can see that well it was it was a man who seen a young man was going to need help and he's going to need guidance. And I didn't have that kind of a guidance that uh that a father could give in the home. I didn't have that at the home. But he took me under his wing and now and he taught me, you know, you're going to treat a woman right, you're not going to treat your mom like that. Well, and he and he teach me, you know, if you're you can't teach your or treat your mom right, how are you going to treat a wife right? Well, now I'm a married man. And and things like it just it's it's a blessing to me to be able to say that I've got men like this that have helped guide me because now I'm married and things. And it also gave uh gave me and me and my brother, it gave us a chance at life. Um he would always tell me, you don't have to be a statistic. And that was always one of the things that he'd always tell us after every one of those talks. He'd always say, now listen, you don't ever have to be a statistic. And you guys seen all those statistics. And he would say, you don't have to use it as a crutch and things. And so it's just a blessing. Um, and I know there's there's other of you fathers that have taken maybe children that weren't blood, but you taken them under your wings. But these are the two men that have helped me. And there's also another thing is they weren't so u they weren't so interested in just being a a disciplinary. One of the main things that they were good at is they were interested in just our everyday lives, which was a major impact in my life. They were interested in not just making sure that we grow up the right way and you better you better not. They were interested in our lives and you know working on the house over there. The the two men that were there the most was Brother Merl and Brother Wendell and they were going to make sure that that place was looking good and things and it I really appreciate you guys doing that. And uh so to all you fathers, happy Father's Day. And uh to you guys that are maybe raising your children that are raising children that might not be technically blood. It's a real blessing um to to those to those guys. They might not say it a whole lot and I may not have said it a whole lot, but it's huge blessing and we really appreciate it. And so God bless you all. Amen. I appreciate that that speech. Amen. And I I can relate with Austin on those long u talks. Me and me and Caleb had them. At least I know I had them. Josh was the perfect one. He uh he learn he he learned from me and Caleb's mistakes. But no, I do appreciate appreciate my dad. And looking back at all those times, I know it was out of love. And so I do appreciate him a lot. Amen. Can we stand to our feet before we get to the next um part of this program? And if you guys want to get out and greet one another, let's sing the song just real fast. God is good all the time. Let's do F. Yeah. God is good. Oh, all the time. He put a soul of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time through the darkest night. Light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, if you're walking, [Music] shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe. It's sound. Heat. Heat. [Music] for sinners. Oh, we were sinners so unworthy. chose to die and he filled me with his spirit. Now we can stand and stand by. Oh that his love is everlasting and his mercy they will never fail. God is good all the time. He put a soul of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. Through the darkest nights, his light will shine. Oh, God is good. Oh, all the time. Verse one. Can we do that again? Now if you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised he will never leave you nor forsake you. Yet his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a soul of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. all the time and through the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. If you believe God is good, can you give him a hand clap of praise here this morning? Amen. and God bless you. Now, you may be seated. We're going to try these song. This song, I'm not good at these uh these Father's Day and Mother's Day songs, but we're going to sure try it. My wife's the pro here, so she's going to help me out for sure. That C# I'm [Music] He climbs in my lap for a good night hug. He calls me dad and I call him bub with his faded old pillow and a bear named Poo. He snuggles up close and says, "I want to be like you." I tuck him in bed and I kiss him good night. Tripping over the toys as I turn out the light. I whisper a prayer that someday you'll see. He's got a father in God cuz he sees Jesus in me. Lord, I want to be just like you cuz he wants to be just like me. I want to be a holy example for his innocent eyes to see. Help me be a living Bible, Lord, that my little boy can read. I want to be just like you cuz he wants to be like me. [Music] Got to admit I got so far to go. Making many mistakes. I'm sure that you know. Sometimes it seems no matter how hard I try with all of the pressures in life, I just can't get it all right. Oh my. But I'm trying so hard to learn from the best. Being patient and kind, filled with your tenderness. Cuz I know that he'll learn from the things that he sees. And the Jesus he finds will be the Jesus in me. [Music] Lord, I want to be just like you cuz he wants to be just like me. I want to be a holy example for his innocent eyes to see. It only be a living Bible, Lord, that my little boy can read. does want to be just like you cuz he wants to be like me. [Music] Lord, I want to be just like you. Cuz he wants to be just like me. I want to be a holy example for his innocent eyes to see. Help me be a living Bible, Lord, that my little boy can read. I want to be just like you. Cuz he wants to be like me. I want to be just like you. Cuz he wants to be like me. Amen. It's my prayer. Amen. I ask Dad and brother Josh to bring their special now. Amen. God bless them. [Applause] and it really reflects the heart of our young people. And I think having children that love the Lord is is because of the of the men in their lives. And things could be so so different for so many if it hadn't been [Music] the dads uh in in their lives. I appreciate the dad in my life. I appreciate my father. And um today he he's battling Parkinson's these days and and um but that makes him no less of a man. He's a great great man in my books and and I I still highly love and appreciate my father. Amen. The key of U G. And could you take the the chorus off of this? [Music] Like father, like son. [Music] Two roads become one. [Music] The old and the young, the father and the son. He taught me to laugh. [Music] at the stories told. [Music] Wanted you to be warm [Music] in a world that was cold. You taught me to listen. Taught you [Music] I told you to pray. You taught me to pray from a heart filled with love. Like father, like son. Two roads become one, the old and the young. the Father and the Son. We didn't always agree. Didn't see eye to eye. [Music] I wore my blue jeans and I wore a tie. There's one thing I know and won't ever doubt. I know that you love me. I know I love you. You still make me proud. Like father, like son, two rows become one, [Music] the old and the young. [Music] The father and the son may have regrets and I have them too. But God first when you pray. I remember you prayed. Son, I've done it for you. Like father, like son, two roads become one, [Music] the old and the young. The father and the son. Like father like son. Help us sing it now. Two roads become one. The old and the young. The Father and the Son, the old and the young. Father and the Son. [Applause] We're blessed. am here this morning and um uh appreciate brother Kobe uh directing it and uh sure have enjoyed everything that was that was done and said here today and um we uh we want to say that it's it's good to have our visitors here with us and um uh come from brother Reek's church and this is this is brother Aaron Wilcox's sister and brother-in-law here and their family. So, uh brother brother Wilcox is a friend to us all and and for sure not a stranger and um And so uh we appreciate uh them being here. Just good to good to have everyone here with us. If I've missed any of you visitors, uh we are glad to have you here. I would like uh we won't keep you long, but I' I'd like to read here in the book of uh Exodus the 12th verse and um Exodus 20 and 12. And can y'all hear me okay out there? Amen. Exodus 20 and 12. Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God shall give thee. And then it's repeated over here in Ephesians the sixth chapter. And um so we might we might just turn there as well. Ephesians u 6. Praise the Lord. And the first verse, children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right. Honor thy father and mother, which is the first commandment with promise, that it may be well with thee, that thou livest long uh on the earth. Now, let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you for your for your blessings and thank you for what you mean to us all and what fathers mean to us, Father. Lord, we ask that you would bless every one of these men in our lives and ask Lord that you would help me as as I uh want to say something to encourage them and strengthen the family. And we just pray Lord that you would be pleased in all that is done in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can the church say amen? Amen. And amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Amen. So we um as we uh talk about Father's Day, I I think of um there is nothing any greater than the family. And um I I like these these uh particular days because um we we get to um highlight the family a little bit more than what we would uh normally. But the first form of any of society was established and instituted by God. Amen. And it was the family. The family was the very very first institution that that was uh prescribed by God, ordained by God. And um and family is actually the it's the prototype of society because if you get the family where it needs to be, Amen. What the family is at home is what society will be. So when you see society messed up then it tells us that families in general are messed up and because the society is a reflection of family. Amen. It's it's the reflection of the conditions of the family. So society, Amen. Uh uh our our communities, our nation, our world is only as strong as the family is. So you I think family is is incredibly important. Family is again the very first institution. It's the foundation of of of God. So the the family institution, amen, is is the product of natural law. Now I know that there is a lot of interpretations today. Amen. Uh as to what a family is and they tried to legislate what a family is. They Amen. We, you know, they're trying to tell us. But you cannot legislate a family because you cannot legislate nature. You'll never legislate nature. Nature takes its course. Amen. Therefore, there is a father and there is a mother. Now, we don't need no law person, no senator, no congress, no no no no one in society to tell us what a family is. Now, now what is scary is look up Webster and and and uh and see what they have as the institution of the family. Father's not even mentioning that at all. You you can go look at all of your modern dictionaries at what they call family. It's a group of people that is living under one roof. That is not a family. A family is a father and a mother and have children. That is a family. Amen. Can can you say amen? So So they the the dictionaries today, all of them have all been revised or the ones that I looked into have been revised to where Steve and Tom can have a family or Sue and Anne can have a family. No, you'll never change the meaning of family. You'll never change the honor of family. Family starts with a father. Someone say, "Father." Father. Amen. You'll never take the the the the need of of a father out. Now, I and I appreciate it as we as as as as Austin uh uh brought it. I I appreciated every one of those uh speeches. They were just very right on right right on uh course. And and every one of you done a good Let's give them guys all a good hand again. [Applause] And u I I I I get a little nervous on these kind of programs and so I'm always on everybody make sure. So I had I had all six of those guys in my office. Now guys, I don't want a flaw. I don't want to. Amen. And uh uh I wanted to see notes and and and Haven says Haven says, "Well, I don't have mine on paper." I said, "Girl, I don't." She says, "Don't you worry. I got this." And she had it. Amen. So, but but we so we but we're thankful we're thankful for the institution of of of family. Family is lineage. Family is is Amen. is a household with dependence there. Amen. It's a father. I I I like this interpretation of family. Amen. Family is a dwelling created by marriage between a male and a female who become parents or adopt children committed to a parental care and nurturing of the same to reproduce themselves in character, value, conviction through love, discipline, and example. I I thought that that was a very keen, very accurate uh uh analogy. Can you say amen? Now as we as we look honor, amen, uh is the word honor is is means great respect, high esteem, a person or thing that brings credit to. Amen. Now, as we read this these uh the the the fifth commandment there, thou shalt honor thy father and mother, I want to put it in perspective. The first four commandments, the man was honor God. The first four commandments, thou shalt have no other gods before me. Number two, thou shalt not bow to any graven images. Number three, thou shalt not take the Lord's name in vain. Number four, thou shalt keep the holy Sabbath, the Sabbath holy unto the Lord. Those were the first four commandments, and it had to do with our heavenly father. Amen. This is our heavenly father. We came Adam came from God. We were created in the image of God. Amen. God's God's God's uh uh requirement or God's blessings and God's commission to Adam was was to reproduce on the earth. Reproduce. Reproduce what? To reproduce more gods. Amen. That was his commission. I want you to take dominion and authority over the earth. And I want you to replenish the earth with more of you. Adam was the son of God. Look, look there. Look, look, look there in in in the book of Matthew. And if it doesn't say all the way down when it gets down to Adam and Adam the son of God. So God was the father. He was the very first father. And God is requiring honor from his children. Thou shalt honor the Lord thy he and he's going to put it on. He's going to put a lot of honor on him. Honor the Lord thy God. Don't have no images before him. Amen. Sanctify his name and a and keep a day that is holy to him. But when it but right after those first four those first four that are dealing with with God then it comes and says thou shalt honor thy father and thy mother. So the first dealing when it's coming to to the the natural responsibility in society is the very first thing before he dealt with thou shalt not kill, thou shalt not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness. Thou shalt not cover thy neighbor's house, his his ass, his donkey, his his his his wife, his servant with that. Amen. He he goes down through the list that thou shalt not coveret. But before he does any of that, he says, you shall honor thy father. All right. If you honor God and there is an honor in the home for the father, then these other parts of society will take care of itself. Praise the Lord. Because when there is taught honor, I think there's a lot of that there's there there's there's there there's been too much that that has been uh uh uh put on everything else. And there's not enough there's not enough honor to the the the father. And and and and I I understand you women are a lot prettier than us guys. and and you're lot you have a lot more finesse than us guys. And and we're thankful. Amen. We're thankful because if I was married to somebody else as ugly as me. Hallelujah. But I I my wife has skipped out on me during my sermon here. Amen. Uh but but I'm thankful for my wife. Amen. I I I I am thankful. and and uh but but I I want you to know that it was Adam that was created first. Well, praise the Lord. It seems like we just can't do these thing the without going back to Adam. I think we got to go back to Adam was created first. Adam was already in full swing of things before Eve ever got here. Adam was already given the dominion. Amen. And the authority before Eve ever got here. Can you say amen? Amen. And and and and he was to he was to subdue. But you see, Amen. And and and but when when God wanted to to uh uh give him a help me, Adam, God pulled, he reached down inside of the man and he pulled out a woman. Father, any kind of any any any kind of Amen. witness in the house, any kind of stability in the house, any kind of of of of nurturing in the house starts with the father. The first the woman came out. Hallelujah. The first womb was when a father The woman came out of Hallelujah. The woman, the man gave birth to a woman. Hallelujah. Now, don't don't don't think too deeply. God brought a portion of the man to create. Are y'all hearing me, mamas? There needs to be a respect and an honor for that man in your life beyond his ability to work, beyond his ability to supply your wants, beyond his anything. There should be a honor in the fact that man was the very first that started it all. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, when God God seen Amen. he pul he pulled another had them out and done a done a few adjustments and Amen. and and and and gave this other being a a a womb and called her woman and Amen. she would she would carry the fetus and and would feed it and Amen. And and so she she we we call her the female today. Amen. And and I and I want to just say this here today. Amen. I've said it a time or two, but I if uh if there's any of the Mr. Limp wrist around and and you're in the building here this morning, Amen. You know, all all I can all I can say is Amen. Uh you had better have a womb. Amen. for that's the only female. That's the only kind of lip wrist we need to have is because God's got a man, God's got a woman. Well, can you say amen? So, so we we've got to understand and never forget the beginning or the origins come from the man. Let's let's look here in in the in in 1 Corinthians 11:7. And sisters, I want you to really understand this now. man was the source from which the woman came. Now I know that theology can't preach today because we've been taught so many other things but I am saying our society our society has gone to hell. our society's gone to hell is because men have been looked at and they're not honored for who they are. I don't care what kind of problem your man has. If he's a man, he deserves honor. I'll honor him when No, you honor him because he was born a male. Praise the Lord. Well, let's just see what the Apostle Paul says about there in first Corinthians 11:7. For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, for as much as he is the image and glory of God. For the glory for the woman is the glory of the man. For the man is not of the woman, but the woman of the man. Neither was the man created for the woman, but the woman created for the man. So if we're going to honor, we got to get back to the very beginning. Whether I agree, whether I disagree, whether I God says, "Thou shalt have no other god before me, thou shalt put no other images and bow to any other. Thou shalt not use the Lord's name in vain. You should honor him because he is the source of it all. He started it all." Yes, sir. Amen. All right. And men when man is the head of the family, they start the family. It is the root. Man is the root from which the life comes. A father, amen, is the foundation. He is the the the root to the tree. Praise the Lord, Josh. We we just had a we just had a tree uh blown over in our yard and it's really pretty. It was pretty, you know, it had those has those purple or those purple and pink flowers that come out that grow and it and it's big. Amen. But but the and and it was really nice. And then the then the these winds come through and knocked over our our pretty tree. And uh but we look and the root system didn't go down very deep at all. The root system was just was just barely in the ground. So it had a beautiful tree. And that's where you kids and mamas and houses and lands and and whatever comes in. I mean, and every everyone looks at the pretty wife and the pretty kids and the pretty this that and the other. In fact, I remember when my boys were little, um the boys, you know, they'd go to work with me. You boys remember that. They'd go to work with me. They they'd work for do their schoolwork and then they they they'd come out to the job that I was working on. And uh my my wife brought him out and and and the painter, it was a woman that was in there and she was she was working. Uh it was a it was a touchup finishing up and um um uh so my wife comes out with the kids there in Still Water and and and and she just this girl this this woman that's painting. She's just oh my wow. Oh my. So, and uh and so she looks and she says, "Your wife is gorgeous." Well, thank you. Thank you. And uh and she looks there at the boys and she says, "Man, these these boys are man." And I mean, she's just bragging on on my wife and on my kids and and I'm just sitting there, you know, all happy and thinking, "Yeah, well, you know, Amen." And then she turns around and she says, "What did you have to do with this?" Amen. That was it. That was a That was That was rough. That was rough. And uh I I think she just smelled too many paint fumes. But the uh uh she uh but but she she had this uh uh uh it she was pointing out the tree. She was pointing out the fruit. She was pointing out Well, praise the Lord. Amen. But you see the root If there wasn't a Wendell Martin, there would not be a Jessica Martin. If there was not a Jessica Martin, we don't believe in the shacking up stuff. Jessica Martin entering into Jessica Butter. I saved her from the name of Butter. Gave her my wonderful name of Martin. Amen. I if there was not a covenant between me and her where butter and Martin comes together, I give her my name. I give her children. Put that in your pipe and smoke it. You lesbian girls that's trying to raise families. You ain't got a family. Right. A woman will never give another woman a family. It takes m a n and we still do the proper pronouns. It takes a man. Am I doing all right? It takes a man to have a family. Men aren't the most the the the best looking men might you you but but I'm and and the and the thing is it's the beautiful family, but it's the roots of the tree that matters. Sometimes we all want to be we want to be the head. We take that scripture, the man is the head. Us men like like going around sometimes uh acting like roosters like we're we're the head. But the head simply means the foundation. Us men are the foundation. We're we're the beginning. Amen. We we we've got that foundation. And sometimes you men might think, "Well, I don't have a personality." You don't have to have a personality. Hallelujah. You you don't you you you you don't have to have a good job. You don't have to have anything. But what you do have to provide is a foundation that is solid for your family. Because if there is not a foundation that is solid, then listen, God chose the man. man. There is only one way that there's going to be children born into the world, and that is for a man to ask a woman to marry him, and that woman to accept, to take on his name, and to produce his seed. Can can you say amen? That man is the root. He is the beginning. He is the start. He is He is the alpha. Hallelujah. Now he becomes the foundation of that family. Mama, you're not the foundation. Children, you are not the foundation. Daddy is that foundation. Can you say amen? Now what why is this important? Because in our society, the foundation of the family has all has been but all destroyed. Right? foundation is no longer important to people. The world is not concerned about a foundation. How many we've majority of us are all uh in the construction field and we all know that there's one reason that they will condemn a house, right? They'll condemn a house if the foundation is bad. government will come in. The government will come in and condemn your house because if the foundation is not solid, the house is not safe. And we don't have Hallelujah. I've ended up down here instead of up there. We don't have s we don't have the the bedrock society anymore is because the the father has been taken out. Watch it. You You watch what they're trying to do. What What has the liberal What has the liberal uh uh uh uhh uh people of this generation tried to They're trying to remove every hint of our of our national fathers. Our national fathers, our national heroes. Well, we can't have George Washington because he had a slave. We can't we we can't. And they're slowly but surely taking down every statue. What are they doing? Removing the honor of fathers to this nation. And when you lose the respect and honor for your roots, you're no longer you no you're no longer a patriot. Well, praise the Lord. What I am saying here, if I'm if if I if I may, I hope I'm not too scattered. You mamas, don't ever look across the aisle at somebody else's family and say, "Huh, I wish I was we was like them." When you start doing that, that's a graven image. That's a graven image that is setting up before uh that you're setting up before your husband. God don't want graven images for him. And God told us what the honor is. All right, I'm going to teach y'all how to honor you. I'm going to teach you how to honor me as God. And he and he goes through there. Thou shalt have no other gods. Thou shalt have no other husbands. Thou shalt have no graven images. Thou shalt not have any other opinions of any other families around. Come in between you and your husband. Thou shalt not bear false witness. Don't compare your man. Are y'all understanding me? As God receives this honor, God is saying there's got to be an honor for the fathers. Now, as we as as we look at at this, Amen. today there there's a decay in the roots and then when the little storm comes it blows over and and but I I I want us to point out amen that it is the roots that bear the branches honor to whom honor is due and you water it's incredible you don't you don't when when my wife is is there watering her plants or when we're watering a tree you don't go up there and water the fruit. All right. You don't go up there and water the leaves. What do you water? You water the roots. I'm saying we got to show the respect and the honor. Get the house back where it belongs. Put the honor back in the roots where it belongs. Honoring fathers is not a once in a day or a one day out of the year thing. Honoring your father is a state of heart. Honor is a state. It's a it's it's it's it's what you are. It's it's it's the way you see it. Well, can you say amen? Amen. So the virtue of honoring is applauding, to give praise, to salute, to pay homage to, to give credit to, to show appreciation to. Well, can you say amen? Why? Because that father is the foundation of it all. Amen. So in plain language, the sperm donor is the starter of the family, the head of the family, the foundation of the family. Can you say amen? He's the source, the genetic pool. Well, praise the Lord. Now, Amen. As as we move on, Iman, if we I I I want us to I I want you to think here as I as I wrote down a few things here about since I mentioned the national fathers, man, because when you when you have someone that that like the national fathers like our father George Washington and and and and some of those founding fathers that we had, it it creates a national spirit of respect for for the authority because we we can come in line with that. It it it it it has that gives you you a a national spirit of heritage and history. It gives you a natural a national spirit of legacy and lineage. Can you say amen? And so so when when we look Amen. Uh uh uh today America is is you don't find too many people that are proud anymore. You don't find too many people that are is because of the lack of respect. Now I think this is interesting. I I I they they say in 19 or in 2022 they fell they fell uh 30 30 or 40% short of of bringing in uh recruiting into the military. So the 23 24 it was it was really bad. All right. Looking at the statistics before yesterday, I I looked at the statistics, they say that we have already surpassed last year or the 2024's uh enlistment. All right, recruits to the military. We are already 20% above what they all what what what the uh uh uh what the goal is. What is the difference? We had one man that could not bring respect to our country. We've got another man. Whether you agree with him or disagree with him, he is promoting America. America. America. What has it done to our young men? Our young men are lining up to enroll because it has created patriotism. Are y'all understanding me? I am saying there's got to be pride in the family. There's got to be an honor. I am glad to have my father as my father. And when I have my father as my father, Amen. I can't I can't just pick out his good. I got to bear his bad. Right. He couldn't just pick out his daddy's good and then pick on No. No. And the sad to say, Amen. And I remember growing up and my dad could see nothing but good in my gr and my grandfather and he promoted my grandfather before us boys. I mean, my my granddad was my granddad could walk on water. My dad told me everything that my grandfather could do that his heart, his love. Amen. My dad instilled so much into me on our family tree by just talking about the good things that my grandfather has done. the giving nature how that he is. He is he he he he gave of himself and and and dad had all kinds of stories of bringing of of of of grandpa and them living in the slums. Amen. Wasn't a rich man at all living in the slums. But yet all of the fatherless around and all of the broken homes around, they all were drawn to Wesley Martin. So my granddad would come home, Amen, from driving the truck or whatever uh uh uh job he had at the time. A and he would he when he would come home, he was not allowed to just go go in there and go to bed because he had all the neighborhood kids that were over there wanting to do some. And so dad uh and and my dad was all excited about it. Amen. All the other kids were coming over and they were going to go play baseball. Everyone knew that my grandfather was going. Now, that is a heritage that my dad placed in me. It It was something that he reminded I didn't know anything about those things. Are y'all understanding? We should never be we we should we should promote We should be real patriots of our homes. We should be patriots. Mary, you ought to be proud of Kobe. Very proud. You kids should be proud of the dad. And we heard that through these kids. Haven, you have a right to be proud. You kids should be proud of Michael, right? I should be proud of my father. Now this is this is an incredible thing how that God has so instituted it because there are some as brother as brother Austin brought in that now his dad he he's he's he's not known as dad and there's been some of you that do not know. So, does that mean that God that that you don't have anything to be proud of? No. You How many's heard of the old of the old wild olive tree that has been planted into the new olive tree? You say, "Well, now no, no, no, no, no. God took the Gentiles and planted them all of uh and and uh uh uh what's what am I? grafted grafted them into the regular to to the other olive tree. We are receiving the benefits. We're receive just Gentiles. We were orphans, right? Us Gentiles are receiving the benefits of the Jews. And did you know that that was part of the law all the way back that that you you were always to watch for the fatherless and for the and and and for the widows. You were always to watch for them and you were to bring don't let them struggle. Don't let you bring them why give them a heritage. And I want to say as Austin beautifully Austin you done a great job buddy. Amen. A and and and and the as brother Austin said there are there look look at the look look at the men look Jonah Jonah you you you you've been given hey a heritage through Joe what God brought you out of and the heritage that you Hallelujah we're thankful for the root system that you got we're thank you you got to honor your father he brought you into the world. But we're also thankful that God put a man in your life. He put Joe in your life to bring you into this relationship with God. What a heritage. Hallelujah. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. You You see these others that are fixing to be adopted this next week. Hallelujah. Deon and Daniel. And he shared he has shared some of the stories and and and and about his about his past and and and and and the natural family tree and how incredible God has been to Devon and Daniel to give you a man that is that that wants to give you of himself, bring you into his family, into his lineage. Did you know that Eleazar was part of a Abraham's lineage? And he was just a servant, but he was brought into the blessings. Oh, hallelujah. Can you say amen? You see, it's and that's the way it is. So, we've we've got we we've got Brother Torrance, Brother Torrance and Sister Torrance in in their 60s. How old were they when they when when they adopted those girls? They were in their 60s and took they took those two little girls into their home. We know him as Alex. And when Alex was getting married, she says, "Call me Alexandria." Amen. We know him as Alex and and as Lily. And here John is the real daddy or the the real son and James and and and and the others he's got. But the Torrances brought these girls when they were just babies into their family and loved them. And did they love him? How remembers how sister Torrance Hallelujah. there wasn't going to be no going outside, no going to pizza. Wait, we you know the you kids were always trying to get those girls. She said they got school work first. Hallelujah. And I don't care how how how old sister got and how rough she was in her health. She was still sitting in that chair and she was going to teach those girls cuz they were going to be smart. And brother Tarn was right there to make sure that she was teaching them to be smart. Amen. and and and and we it was a love somebody brought somebody else into their lives that that was not even theirs. Amen. And the genetics, Amen. would would even ruffle brother Torrance's feathers, but brought them in. Now we have two of the sweetest girls around. Girls, ladies. Now, Alex is married. She's fixing to have her second baby. She just I mean, we're we're all excited. Amen. About her. We're excited about Lily. Uh still she still praying God sends her a good guy her way. Amen. And and and but what is it? Those girls don't those girls don't have no problem because they have been brought in. They have been brought in and a father has solidified those in his home. Those are y'all understand. So you don't have you don't have to have the name. And that's the way it is with Austin and Dylan. With me, you don't have to have my name. I have taken those boys and said, "I love them as my very own." It was something that I that I have given myself to. Amen. And I am and I'm thankful for the men that they have raised up that they have grown up to be. Right. So fathers are so monumental. They're big. Now, have I been rambling too much or am I making sense here this this this morning? The the root system, brothers. Let me say this, brothers. We need the root. And you might feel like you're just you're just not you just might not be the man. Your family is depending upon you. your family is is your your your rock. I think it's incredible. I don't know just looking up the statistics. Been doing a lot of statistics. Uh Sister Keys, I appreciate you putting some of those statistics up u uh before the the service. But you look look up women's health. You look up women's in just just in society. Okay? Look up help for women. Page after page after page after page. Help for children. Page after page after page after page. Help for men. Men aren't important. Men aren't important. Are you men hearing me? society. And if you're not careful, you take on that you take on that that that that that mentality of Messiah society. You are important. Got it all. Got it all. Women only. Well, you say, "Well, yeah, it's because men's the one doing all the hurting." I beg your pardon. It's the women and the feminist movement that have taken the men out of their position. It's it's society that brags that women for the first time are outnumbering the men in the workplace. It's the women, according to the USA Today, the safest drivers in in the land. Women. I guarantee I'm a safer driver than my wife. Amen. Amen. The love the fathers. I didn't know if Sister Keys was going to have time to put some of those up, but I've got I I I I went ahead and brought some of them with me as well. USA leads the world in single parent families. Can I have a little more time? In fact, according to the Pew Research, US, the US is over three times the global average of single parents. single parent home. According to the National Center for Fathering, nearly 25 million children across America live without a father in the home. That is one in three children. 90% of all homeless or runaway children are from fatherless homes. 71% of high school dropouts come from fatherless homes. 70% of the youth in state operated facilities were from single parent homes. 82% of all school shootings come from an unstable family environment or single parent family. 63% of all teen suicides were in a home without a father. How many kids live in the USA without a biological father? As we had just pointed out close to 25 million one and three. That is enough children. That is enough children to fill the entire New York City twice. Or that's enough children to fill the entire city of Los Angeles four times. Involved fathers are associated with a 75% reduction in teen pregnancies. Involved fathers have a 80% reduction in the likelihood of their children going to jail. The children are half as likely to experience multiple uh depression symptoms and are far less to abuse substance as an adult. Teens with poor relationships with their fathers are 68% more likely to drink, smoke, and use drugs. Are y'all are Are y'all Are y'all Are y'all catching me here? Satan doesn't want fathers in the home. I want my my my my my goal here today is just really exemplify that word honor. Honor. How do you honor? Well, for you children that are in the home and for you mamas that live with the with with the children's father is to never bring witness against your husband. Your father, your your children's father should be honored by every one of you mamas. There should be such an honor. You should never degrade your your your your f your your your husband to your children. You should never degrade your husband to your girlfriends, your your other you you you you should always honor honor your man. It should be a practice because the practice comes from the heart. The man deserves honor whether or not I don't care what kind of flaws he has. I I I I'm not here I'm not here to pick on the flaws. I'm not here to say, well, that this this this man's daddy is this boy's daddy is has got some catching up to do with this boy's daddy. That's not We're talking about fathers and we're talking about honor. We're not we're not doing any comparing here with nothing. This is the honor. Are y'all are y'all understanding me? Sarah Sarah respected and honored her husband to the point of calling him Lord. And that was brought into the New Testament saying that you sisters should have that meek and quiet spirit and and showing love and honor even as Sarah who called Abraham Lord. We're not getting into whether or not you really call your my wife's called me Lord a time or two, but it's been in a derogative manner. We're not going to go there, but let's just let's just look the kind of man. Let's just look at the kind of man. This was the man that lied about his wife to save his own skin. This was He was not Hallelujah. He was not always a good man, but she honored him. Well, I mean, what would you do if your husband when he got when he got his when he got into a little bit of a tight jam and he says, "Hey, baby. Now, listen. I love you, but I want you to tell George you're my sister and not my wife." And she'll go, "Huh? What? what's going on here? Just do what I'm saying. It'll If you want me to live to see another day, if you want me around, just just tell them. Next thing she knows, it's their ass and she says, "Yeah, I'm his sister." And then the next thing you know is you've just been called right into the guy's house and he's fixing to marry you. You're thinking, "What a scandal. What a Right. That's what Sarah got herself into. She got herself into a little bit of a pickle because of her sorry husband, but she called him Lord. She honored him for who he the position that he held. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You children, you children, you don't you don't go around. You don't hold your head. you. It is. It is a blessing to have your father. I don't care who your father is. I don't care who your father is. You are blessed. Haven said it so beautifully. He's he that each one of you fathers all have that same characteristics. You're teaching your children that the kingdom of God cannot work without people. what the church is doing. Your daddies are teaching you to be a part of it, teaching you to be there. Your daddy taught you you was talking about, you know, him not going to work on a on a Wednesday. That's the way the message taught us. We are not going to put church before our or put put work before our God. The prophet told us that. Yeah. And if you don't take that same conviction, it'll pass on to the next generation. But you take a man that will work on Sundays and Wednesdays, so will his children. That's what he has taught them. There's no conviction. Why? If the root is poison, so will the tree. Daddies, it's essential for you all to make sure your roots are connected in Christ. But at the same time, there's going to be things in our lives that us daddies can't be too proud of. The modern father of us all, how many knows who the modern father of us all is? Amen. Well, the modern father of us all would be Noah. It was Noah and his family that that came across in a boat eight people, right? Amen. Noah. And the Bible says God looked at Noah and there was not a man any more perfect than Noah on the face of the earth. But it was Noah's children. They came up on their daddy drunk and naked. But the Bible says that the sons so respected their father. I believe it was the eldest that took a blanket. They would not they they would not look at him. They took a blanket. I'm going to steal this from you. Hallelujah. Walked backwards into the tent and would not look at the nakedness of their father and put a blanket over him and covered the nakedness of the most perfect man on the Well, there's only eight of them then, but But back when there were back when there were billions, God says Noah was the man, right? It was what were these children doing? They were protecting his honor. Am I getting my point across? Do I need more scripture? You can you can go you can go through all of these scriptures of of men who were less honorable but yet they were given honor. Michelle didn't see the honor in in David. But David was a man after God's own heart. So what's your terms? Okay, let's just look at David who was a man after God's own heart. In other words, a man that God says, you make my heart Peter patter, I am going to make you a promise that your seed will rule and reign forever. This is not a God that don't know tomorrow. This is a God that knows the tomorrow, knows the past, knows everything. He knows it all. And that God who knows it all said, "David, you're a man right close to my heart." Well, praise the Lord. Do we need to go around through all the weaknesses? Do we need to go through some weaknesses here or are we just going to How many understands? There's a lot of reasons not to show the honor. I'm not talk I'm telling I'm just telling this every one of you this morning. Amen. And the musicians can come. We need to we let's let's let's close down all of our excuses and let's give the honor to these men that God has placed in our lives because love goes o over love covers a multitudes of mistakes. Love covers well. Can you say amen? Amen. Guys, have I done all right here this morning? Because I'm sure not getting much from you women. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm thankful. I looked there at at at the at the blessings that my father had and and the and and I and I must say that my my my dad wasn't always in the in in the in the top of who's who and and uh my dad wasn't known to be the most powerful preacher [Music] My dad wasn't kn My dad was known for for for a billion things. He could play music like nobody's business, but yet he always took the back seat. He could preach like nobody's business, but yet he took the back seat. He could My My dad just never He was always playing the second fiddle. So therefore, us children were sort of raised in that second fiddle mold, the support mold. That's that's that's what dad that's the way dad trained us. He taught us to carry the load. That you don't have to be in the spotlight. The spotlight's not important. what's important is the kingdom of God going forward. And so when they wanted when they wanted a school and there was no one that would that would that would volunteer to be the principal of the school, mom and dad says, "I'll be principal." Dad says, Mom says, "I'll I'll help teach." Mom taught the taught the young the younger class. that took the principle because there was a need that needed to be done. That's part of my legacy. If I were to cut out the roots and not give honor to him, I'm cutting out who I am. And I appreciated that in all of you all and and and your acknowledgement to to the men in y'all's lives. But I also appreciate the fact that that you all understanding as young men the importance of the legacy that has been given to you all through to through the investment that is placed in your lives. It's an investment. And when you cut off the hand that feeds you in the Native American culture, whether it doesn't matter whether you are, it doesn't matter who you are, what you are, you're an elder, you brought life into this world, and we honor you. I say in the in this culture, in the church culture, if there's ever a need to honor our elders, I told my dad, I I and I tried to I don't tell him enough that he is my rock. That even while he's not while while he can't preach, I'm fixing to have him to say something here in a minute. But whether whether or not he is he is up preaching anymore or not. He's my foundation. [Music] Don't go home. Better not ever die on me. Rapture. Rapture time. Brother Merl, when when your dad passed away, a part of you died. It's who you are. He put that investment in you. But we're thankful for those things that God's placed in us. That's the cycle of life. Are are y'all are y'all understanding? And I and I and and I think as as as as as even those that are without fathers biologically, the importance of of us understanding. I know good and well that I've got an investment into the the these young people's lives. I know good and well. I You say, "Well, is that pride?" No, I'm a root. I'm an elder. I have a purpose and that is for these young men and women. Y'all catching me? As a family here, the family of God carrying the genetics of God. Daddies, [Music] it's not prideful to know that you're important. It's not prideful to know that without you, your family couldn't survive. I don't care what the statistics say. And we could go through a bunch of those statistics, but I'm glad I'm I'm glad Austin brought that out that I that I would remind him all the time, you're not going to be a statistic. You're not going to be a statistic. You're not going to be one of those. God has given you another privilege. You have been grafted into another tree. Yeah, you might not have things as easy as my boys had at home, but I guarantee you this one thing here. You've got a support system. Can you say amen? [Music] today. Say, "Happy Father's Day." Happy Father's Day to all you men. Thank you for investing. Thank you for loving mamas. You're blessed to have these men in your life. I I'm going to I'm going to just I'm going to give the mic to dad for a minute. Did you have something you wanted to say? Yeah. I seen him raise his finger. Sister Clea, if you could pull up Psalms 127. Then after that, pull up a scripture. The wise man put on the rock. Except the Lord build the house. This word house is actually family. Except the Lord build the family and labor in vain to build it. Except the Lord keep this city the wife waketh but in vain. Is that taught in this scripture before the quality of the city depends on the quality of the family. Okay. and turn to sleep back up said go next verse [Music] if you rise up early instead of the medicine sorrow so give his beloved sleep next verse children are inheritance of the lord and the fruit of the womb is his reward. Okay, let's go down the next verse. [Music] Go to the next verse. Happy is the man that had script full of them. They shall not be ashamed. They shall speak the enemies in the gate. Now go the wise man. I think that's Matthew 7. [Music] Therefore, whosoever heareth, the word heareth means understand. Understand these sayings of mine do them. I like him to a wise man which built his house before a rock. Mhm. It talks about a foolish man. He also heard the sayings of the Lord, but he didn't build according to what he understood. Yeah. So when the the time come, the rains come, floods rose, wise man's house stood built on a rock of fish man's perish. because he didn't take time to build it right. Jesus said, "Fon upon this rock I'll build my church and the gates of hell should not prevail against it." Praise the Lord. Why won't the gates of hell fell against it? Because the the Lord has his heritage. Amen. The children that are Hallelujah. stand in the gates with the enemy. Amen. Now we will face a dilemma when this message was powerful today and you take in 1 Corinthians 11 the scripture says at the head of man a woman is is the man head of man is Christ and Christ is God. So it's God said everything in order and the church has revelation. Revelation. Amen. The bride has revelation. Who that is? What that means? Yes. And smiths herself under her head. Christ. And so we said thing going on today. Insanity means can't discern which way is up, which way is down. Yeah. Yeah. See? Yeah. Except the Lord build the house thing that they were in vain. Said he built the family. That word house and that the wise man built, foolish man built means family. Yeah. So a wise man built his family on a solid rock. Amen. Revelation who Jesus Christ is who is he? That's good. He's the head of the church. Yeah. Yeah. See that's why today we're have the mind of mind of Christ. Yes. We're not to and fro. I wanted to say a few words to you. I was going to try to post [Music] so you can make more sense of it. That's good. Got to help the Lord build the family. Amen. And he's built our family. Amen. Amen. Wonderful. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] [Music] I love my boys and my daughter, but my children have shown their mother not great respect. And there's sometimes I didn't do everything right. But every decision I made, I made it based upon my family how it would affect them later on in life. If I made a decision out of discouragement, anger, frustration, bitterness, you know, those negative things, then it would carry over into them. So instead, I had to make sure every decision was based upon Christ, what he would do. All right. So my children's shown me and his mother great respect. I really appreciate them for that. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Applause] When you have the revelation and you see the real true love of your fathers, it's pretty easy to respect. [Music] It wasn't that I was blind or that I didn't see any of my daddy's mistakes. I knew my daddy's heart. And I knew my dad loved me more than he he loved me more than anything else in the world. And I knew he loved God. And today I I can't hardly remember none of my any of my daddy's mistakes. I just and I I I seen this quote and it and it's true. Says, "It's amazing." This man says, "It's amazing how we want to magnify dad's failures and forget his achievements. Another man, Lewis Gigglio said, "God is not the reflection of your earthly father. He is the perfection of your earthly father." Daddy's [Music] teach us a lot about God. Daddies teach us they're pointing us to God. Lots of mistakes, lots of failures, but they're also telling you how to repent, how to come back to God, how to accept, how to Y'all understanding. So when you look at daddy and you see his love for you, then when you see it, you think, "Oh, wow. God God is the perfection of of what I see in my daddy." Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. As we we've got a few things that that they're wanting to uh Sunday school class has got some things for for their daddies and then uh then the church has got a few things. We appreciate we we we so appreciate uh Sister Brianna with the with the decorations. they're in the back and and um we appreciate Sister Keys helping me put things together and and then she and Sister Rose uh put together some things for for you gift for you you men and so we just say God richly bless all of you and u what what are we going to what what what would you want to play Amen. Huh? My life been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am able [Music] of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will see of the goodness of God. [Music] Oh my life. You have been faithful all my life. You have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, one more time. All my life. All my life. [Music] So good. every breath. All of Sister Stephanie's class, we want you to meet her in the back. All of Sister Stephanie's class, meet in the back. All my life you have been faithful. What we want to do and and and it's we're going to have you men to come back up. I know this has become a routine every year. Um, we promise that we're going to we're going to shake shake it up with you one of these days. Uh, hey, we we we put on some pretty good Mother's Day and Father's Day uh uh programs. These we appreciate the team that that's always all involved in in those things. And um what dad said is just that needs to be out in the forefront all the time. The family is important. Have I made that clear this morning? The family's important. Mamas, I'm not I'm not condoning you dads sinning. And I'm not that that is I'm talking about believers here, but I'm here to tell you even good godly men make mistakes just like good godly women. And they deserve honor. honor. Are you hearing me? All my life been so. Dads, won't you come up to the front here? If y'all wouldn't mind coming up that I am able. Would you bring would you bring dad a chair? Goodness of God. We're missing brother. That'll be hard. We're missing brother Torrance this morning. English or hate that. All my life you have been faithful. Come on up here, Dad. All my life you have been so. You want to You want a chair? Are you sure? Amable. I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Oh, all my life you have been faithful. So, the Sunday school class has has got a a real special treat. We want to we want to thank Sister Stephanie and our sister Katrina back here for working so hard uh with the kids for this. And so some of you are going to get something and some of you are not on this on this time around. But you kids, all of y'all come on up and give it to your daddies. Y'all just go ahead and come on up there. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. [Music] Every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. Aren't those just awesome? Surely goodness and mercy after me. Your goodness is all right. Let's all the rest of you come on up here. Let's let's come and shake these shake these brothers hands. Hug their necks and and have a Yeah. Come on. Would you start over here like we where we start with communion? Yes. and running after running after me all my life. You have been Your your dad deserves honor. Your husband deserves honor. Let them know from your heart what you think of them. I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so. [Music] Oh yes. Yes. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I'm I've been blessed. I've been blessed. God so good to me. Let's just start his [Music] I should count. There's not enough time [Music] breaking. So kind. God has been good. Let's go up a couple of keys. So good. Been blessed [Music] when he walks among us. and all that he does. All of his mercy and all of his love. [Music] Oh yes, this world could never contain. Oh, I have been blessed. After this verse here, just put it back up and then Oh, I have been blessed. It's so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I can count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. [Music] Yes, I have been blessed. Yes, God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts. We love you, brothers. We appreciate you, daddies. Well, I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank you for being so kind. God is so good. [Music] So good. I can't complain. [Music] Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all everything you've done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give. Oh, just want to say thank. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. [Music] Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Yes. Just want to say thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. I am so blessed. [Music] [Music] Oh, thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. But I am so blessed. My soul as well restless. Oh Lord, I am [Music] I am so blessed. My soul has Oh Lord, I give thanks. know about the love of Jesus. [Music] I do. I do. [Music] Jesus. I do. Yes, I do. If anybody knows about the grace of Jesus, I do. [Music] Yes, I do. Anybody know about the grace of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. Does anybody know about the power of Jesus? I do. I do. Does anybody know about the power of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. [Music] If anybody knows about the love of Jesus, I do. I do. Does anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. Thank God I do. Does anybody know about the grace of Jesus, friend? I do. I do. Does anybody know about the grace of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. Does anybody know about the power of Jesus? I do. I do. Oh, does anybody know about the power of Jesus? [Music] I do. [Music] Yes, I do. [Music] If anybody knows about the love of Jesus, [Music] we do. Yes, we do. If anybody knows about the love of Jesus, we do. [Music] Yes, we do. We do. Thank God we do. [Music] Thanks. I can't [Music] care for me. Yes, he's been good. It's been good through it all. Oh, he's always there for me. God been good to me. I have known the father's care for me. Yes, he's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. God b me. My father's carefree. Yes, he's been good. He's been so good through it all. He's always [Music] there near me. God been good to me [Music] through the night. Oh, come one day. Everything will be all right. I have known the father's care for me. Yes, he's been good to me. I have known the father's [Music] care for me. Oh, he's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. God been good to me. [Music] All through the night, [Music] come one day, everything will be all right. I have known the father's care for me. Yes, he's been good to me. I have known the father's care for me. He's been good. He's been so good through it all. He's always there for me. God's been good to me. [Music] through the night. Yes, come on. Everything will be all right. I have known the father's care for me. He's been good to me. I have known the father's care for me. He's been good. He's been good through it all. He's always there for me. Nothing good to me. Yes, God's been good to me. [Music]
