################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - 2025-03-30 Bro Timothy Pruitt - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   2025-03-30 Bro Timothy Pruitt
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pE5fYY_itc
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Lord, I know it's not much. I'm fit for a king except for my heart singing hallelujah. Hallelu [Music] [Music] me when I kneel down at your feet. It's a place of healing. It's a place where I find freedom. place my eyes. It's where my spirit wants to be. It's a place of healing. It's the place I live in freedom. I'm going to lift my hands till I can reach. I'm going to shout your name till the walls are falling down. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. I'm going to sing my soul. I am not ashamed. Your truth the mention of the name I've come to worship. There's a love that lives in me. [Music] leads me to a place of freedom. I'm going to lift my hands till I can reach heaven. I'm going to [Applause] hallelujah falling down. Come to worship. I've come to worship. I'm going to seek my soul. Not ashamed for joy, happiness of your name. Come to worship. I've come to worship. [Music] Light of the world. You step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made this heart adore you. Life. Oh yeah. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Hallelujah. You're my God. You're all together. All together. All together. Wonderful to [Music] me. King of all days. Oh, so highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came. Humbly you came. Oh my. to the earth you created all for be thankful. And here I am. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. The third verse now. And I will never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sin upon that cross. And here I am to worship. Can we worship him this morning? Oh yes, Lord. Here I am to say you're my God. You're lovely. All together worthy all together wonderful to me. Hallelujah. I trust every one of you has a praise on your lips. How many got touched from the Lord last night? Got delivered, filled with the Holy Ghost, healed. I believe many testimonies are going to come out of the camp this weekend. I know sometimes it's a lot of work, a lot of effort to enter in into the service, but it's worth it if you can just fight past the tiredness and the the weariness and body. Hey, I'm tired this morning, too. But I believe we can still have a good time. Amen. Amen. If you come to worship the Lord. Amen. I know. I know it's the last service and we had a powerful service last night, but I believe there are still needs in the building this morning. And if you have a need, God can still speak to you. Amen. Let's sing that song. I've got victory over the enemy. Victory over the enemy and the world. and do me no harm. Oh, I got victory over me and the world. Oh, I got victory over the enemy and the [Music] world. Oh, I got victory [Music] over you and the world can't do no. Sing it again now. Oh, I got victory. You got victory this morning. The enemy and the world can't do me no harm. Oh, I've got victory over the enemy and the world can do. Oh, this joy that I feel, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. All this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world didn't take away. Oh, this peace, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh yes, this peace that I have. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world didn't take it away. This freedom freedom that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This freedom that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh yeah, I have. The world did give it to me. The world did give the world. This world that I have. Oh yeah. This world that I have. The world didn't give it to me. This world worth that I have. The world didn't give it to me. All this work that I have, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it in the world. This peace that I have. Oh yes, this peace that I have. You got it this morning. Oh yes, this peace that I have. Oh yeah that I have the world to me. The world is giving and the world didn't take it joy. Oh my joy that I have. The world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have. The world didn't give it to me. All this joy that I have. The world didn't give it to me. Take [Music] away. When I woke up this morning, I did not have a doubt without the Lord to bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I cried, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shouting, "Victory!" Oh yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Oh, I for Satan, you better get me behind. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Happiness is mine. Oh yes, happiness is mine. Oh yes, happiness is mine. Happiness today it is mine for I to Satan. You better get me behind for happiness today. It is my victory is mine. Oh victory is mine. Victory is mine. [Music] For I told you, Satan, you better get me behind. Happiness today. Victory. Turn your to your neighbors and victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. For I know Satan will get me behind. Victory today. It is my will. And I woke up this morning. I did not have a doubt. I knew that the Lord will bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I cry, "Lord, help me please." I got up singing and shouting, "Victory." Oh yes. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today. Get in my feet. Oh, that old devil, you better get behind today. It is mine. Hallelujah. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Is victory yours this morning? How many wants to lift up Jesus this morning? Come on now. Show me that you're awake. How many wants to lift up Jesus this morning? All righty. So, if you lift up your hands, that means you got to do the motions. So, I know your arms work, your hands work. So, let's sing that song. Cast your burdens upon Jesus. Cast your burdens upon Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burdens upon Jesus for he cares for here with those arms now. Oh, higher, higher. There we go. Higher, higher. Jesus. Higher, higher, higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift, lower now. Oh Lord, Lord. Lord, over to the Lord. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord. Come on, let me do it again now. Lord, come on. Lord, lower your word. Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, stop saying cast your burdens, cast your burdens upon Jesus, for he cares. Oh yeah. Up on Jesus for he cares. Higher, higher. Michael Collins comes higher, higher here. Higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower and lower. Stra, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower, lower and lower. Some say lower. Well, hallelujah. Well, God bless you. You may be seated, brother Micah. Man, it's been a while since I sang the song, so y'all just try to help me sing it. One night, while life's raing sea, the desire would suffer defeat. The blackness of night falls off the light. My heart saint with fear. A desperate cry ring out with cry. And all I could see was no hope inside. Faith all of the corn. I met the one. He came looking for me. Can somebody tell the light? He came looking for [Music] me. He came looking for me. Yes, he made a way when there was no way I could see and I drove. Jesus drew near and he rescued my soul and all my fears save my heart. I am the one. He came looking for me. Sing that second verse now. And now Satan had already picked out my grave and his plan for put me away. Drifted so far. Would anyone care that I'd soon be lost? Yeah. I knew my destruction was but a matter of time. But Jesus healed here and he said this for he's mine. Now I'm save from all since he walked through the storm. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. [Music] I know he made a way, but there was no way that I could see. I drifted so far, but Jesus, he's here to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Save from I am the one. He came looking. We can take it up on the second verse in your hand. And I already picked out my grave and his plan. I move forward to put me away. I drifted so far. Would anyone care? I'd soon be lost. Man, my destruction was a matter of time. for Jesus. He appeared and said, "This boy, he's mine. No sin from a harm. Since he walk through the storm, he came looking for me." Yes, he came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way. There was no way that I could [Music] see when I [Music] Jesus rescue my soul from all my peace from my heart. I never came again for me. Now I'm pull my heart and he walked through the storm came looking for [Music] me. Hallelujah. Turn up. Turn up my praise. Amen. Is that your testimony this morning? Hallelujah. Safe from all harm cuz he came looking for me. Amen. Let's sing this little song as sister L Martin prepares her ringer special. Turn up my praise. Drown out. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no alone. When the enemy comes in like a word, I will raise up my standard and overcome. Satan, can you hear me? This line is for you. You have no power over what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus. Oh yes. Turn up my praise. Show you what they can do. I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes in like a flood, I will raise up my standard and [Music] overcome. If right after her, Sister Rebecca Adams, if you would bring your [Music] [Applause] soul, I wonder does We understand. Sometimes I wish you [Music] Hey [Music] [Music] every me So he is singing. is so sometimes those voices try to go in and falling too far from but I know what's going on in his promises even singing he's singing Did he move every mountain? Did he part every [Music] [Applause] [Music] sing because of me too much? Now I can't deny he's gone through every single time from the beginning until the end will be now. Did he move every mountain? Did he part every so did he defeat the darkness? Did he deliver me? Yes, he did. No. Did he move every mountain? city for every So you see [Music] him the darkness. Did he deliver me? You see it? Oh yes. You see you [Music] speaking. No. [Music] Hallelujah. We've seen too much to turn back now. Amen. He's been too good to us. He's healed our body. It reminds me of the story while Sister Rebecca's getting ready. Brother Brandham got the Holy Ghost as a a young man. He came to the preacher. You know, the preacher says, "Have you you got the Holy Ghost?" He says, "Yeah." He says, "Okay." So, was you sprinkled? You did this, did that? You know, Brother Brandon says, "No, I was repented. I got baptized in the name of Jesus. Then I got the Holy Ghost. He says, "No, you don't get it that way." He goes, "No, it's too late. I done got it." You see, there's no matter what anybody could say. Done. Too late, devil. I've done experienced the mighty God. I've done been saved. I've done been filled. No matter what you say, I believe there's an almighty God. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Our love, you bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that's been broken. Great are you, Lord. You give light. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that's been broken. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. is your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you [Music] only. Great are you Lord. You give light. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that's been [Applause] broken. Great are you, Lord. And it's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. is your bread in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you [Music] all. Great are you Lord and all the earth will shout your name. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. Oh, all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. [Applause] Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath, God, in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. Great are you, Lord, and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. [Applause] Great are you, Lord. Oh, and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. It's your in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. is your bread in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you [Music] only. Great are you, Lord. And it's your breath in our lungs, God. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your bread in our arms. Can we stand and sing a whisper? We pour out our praise to you all. Great are you, Lord. Sing it again. It's your breath in our lives. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath, God, in our lives. So we pour out our praise to [Music] you. Great are you, Lord. And it's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praises your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you, oh great are you Lord. Amen. You love the Lord this [Music] morning. All is stripped away. And I simply come, longing just to breathe. something that's of worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it when it's all about you. It's all about you, All right, let's try this again. face. All is stripped away and I simply come forever longing just to bring something that's worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself, you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear into my heart. [Music] I'm coming back to heart of worship about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. King of endless world. No one could express how much you [Music] deserve. Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is yours. Every single breath. I'll bring you more. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it when it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you. Sing it again now. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Amen. You We're ready for the word of the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's sing the song as the man of God prepares to come. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this [Music] place. You are worthy of all praise. To you our hearts we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, the verse one. As I come into your presence, past the gates of praise, into your sanctuary, till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the glory of your face. I can only bow down and say you are awesome in this place. Hallelujah. You are awesome in this place. Ab father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our hearts we raise. You are awesome in this place. One more time now. Mighty God, you are awesome [Music] in worthy of our praise. You [Music] mighty God. Hallelujah. Is he awesome to you? Amen. And oh I want to see him look upon the tree for [Music] s to rejoice and know I want to see him look upon his face and sing [Music] forever on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. There's a place home at land heaven. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his [Music] [Applause] face. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Here's our past ever to [Music] rejoice. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. How many's looking forward to that time to see him? Amen. Won't you just turn around, greet your neighbor, say, "Let's have church this morning." Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. How many enjoyed the service last night? How many received something from the Lord? [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts to him for a moment. Father, we just come to you today, Lord. Just asking you once again to speak to us, Lord, by your word. And Lord, just take the weakness of our humanity, Lord, and strengthen it, Father, for your glory. Lord, as we would leave this place today as we close these meetings, Lord, may you just go with each one, each van, each each car, each bus. Lord, may you just go with each each heart. We pray. May May they carry home the victory that you've brought in their lives and share it to others, Lord, of how great their God is. We pray. We commit this service to you for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. Let's turn to Deuteronomy 20. Amen. Just a little weak in voice this morning, but Amen. We serve a great God. Amen. Amen. So, just need a little bit more of your amens. Amen. I don't care if you put your thumbs up this morning. Whatever you got to do. Amen. Deuteronomy 20 and verse one says, "When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies and see horses and chariots and people more than thou, be very afraid. Be scared." Now be not afraid of them, for the Lord thy God is with thee, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt. And as shall be when ye are come nigh unto the battle, that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people, and shall say unto them, Here, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies. But let your hearts faint. Let not your hearts faint. Fear not. Do not tremble. Neither be you terrified because of them. For the Lord your God is he that goeth with you to fight for you against your enemies to save you. Hallelujah. Amen. I'd like to speak to you this this morning on this on this thought and I'll take the my title straight from the scripture here. Let not your hearts faint. Fear not, and do not tremble, and neither be ye terrified. Amen. God bless you. Be seated. Like to just even take a little subtitle. Don't matter. I know that probably hurt a lot of English professors ears right there. Don't matter. But it don't matter. Amen. Don't matter means that something is something that is not important or is insignificant or does not require concern or worry. Amen. You know, Israel many times in their battles were outnumbered. The enemy was better equipped. They were more trained. But God was showing them that it wasn't depending on their strength or how well equipped they were or how well trained they were. It all depended on him. So what mattered was he was with them. Amen. So what didn't matter is if they could match up with the enemy or they was as as equipped as the enemy or or or they was well trained as as the enemy. What mattered was God was with them. What didn't matter is if they had horses or chariots or not. What mattered was God was fighting for them. Amen. The same God that brought them out of the e out of Egypt was the same God that was going to bring them all the way to the promised land. And they were not even to look at the number of the enemies or count them or how much how much strength they had, how much horses they had, how many chariots it had because it didn't matter what the number was. It didn't matter how many chariots it was, it didn't matter how impossible it looked, what mattered was God was on their side. Amen. Even though it may have looked hopeless and it may not look like there was no way of victory, that didn't matter. What mattered is their God was standing by their side. Amen. I want you to understand today, you're going to leave this place and you're going to leave maybe this atmosphere that's been built here by many believers. And you may h go home, amen, to yourself, but that don't matter. Amen. because of God before you who can be against you. Amen. I want you to understand the giant that you may face will never be bigger than the God that is with you. Amen. He said to Joshua 1 and verse 9, he said, "Have I not commanded thee? Be strong and of good courage. Be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed, for the Lord thy God is with thee whethersoever thou goest." Amen. It don't matter, Joshua, if you're in the valley. It don't matter what stands before you. It doesn't matter if they're innumerable. It doesn't matter if their number is the sands of the sea. It doesn't matter if it seems there's no way possible for victory. The enemy, whatever their size or capabilities are, don't matter. Amen. Cancer don't matter. Amen. If we can get to the understanding sickness doesn't matter. It doesn't matter how big it may look. Sin doesn't matter. What matters is there's a blood that is greater than every sickness. There's a blood that is greater than every sin. There's a blood that is greater than every situation that you could ever come across. What matters is God's on your side. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter. Amen. If if friends leave you or friends forsake you or or somebody walks away or or you're by yourself, that doesn't matter. What matters is God is for you. If we can understand when we leave this place and we walk away from here and we go to our homes and we go to our situations. Amen. Circumstances don't matter. Amen. Problems don't matter. Amen. Satan and his devices doesn't matter. What matters is I met God. What matters is I'm not leaving God here and he's not leaving me when I leave here. But God is going with me and he's for me and he's not against me. So what matter isn't how many stands up. What matter isn't how many comes against me. What matters is that God is for you. Amen. He brother say, you know, he said, I'm persuaded to believe that Joshua was just a little bitty runt. Come on now. He he would even bring it out about about Samson. He said, "The world, you know, paint Samson as some big guy with some big muscles." He said, "But he was just a little long-haired, skinny runt, little weak-l looking little fella. But it didn't matter how strong he looked or how good he looked or how equipped he looked." Amen. He didn't look equipped. He didn't look like he was able. Amen. But what mattered is when he needed God and the spirit of God would come down upon him, he could pick up the gates of Gaza. He could pick up a jawbone and whoop a thousand Philistines. Why? What mattered was who was with him, not who he was. What mattered was what God had promised him. And you, let me tell you this this morning, you have a promise this morning. You may leave this place. You may go home. You may go to such a certain situations. Amen. And that situation that you love may still be there. But what matters is you have met a God who will never leave you or forsake you. But he will be with you even in you to the end of the world. He said, "Well, why?" It didn't matter. He was a little bitty run. He said, "But I see him jump up on kind some kind of box." And he said, "Men and brother were more than able to take them." He said, "That was a seed of Abraham there. God had gave him the promise. That was their possession. God had given. It didn't matter what the opposition was. Hello. I could ask you this morning what your opposition was, but I can put it over that umbrella, over all that opposition. It don't matter. Amen. It don't matter. Amen. Why? It was a true seed of Abraham. So, we can take it. Why? What matters is God gave it to us. It don't matter if they got high walls. It don't matter if they got great cities. It don't matter if it's See, they got great mountains and there's giants there. Amen. It does not matter. What matters is God gave it to me. Amen. When you realize the enemy that you're dealing with is an insignificant enemy. Amen. He does not He does not have strength. He does not have ability. We done heard about it this weekend. His back was broke at Calvary. He said, "You stand here this morning." Amen. Said, "I don't care what anybody else says, what the doctor says, what the unbeliever says. We're more than a match for anything that comes along. Can I get a thumbs up on that?" Amen. We're more than a match for anything that comes along. We're more than a match for anything that comes along. Why? Because you're some great strong guy. No. Not because you're some great strong guy. Cuz you got your hair fixed just right? No. Not just because you got your hair fixed just right. You're you're more than a match cuz the God, Amen, is not just above you or just with you, but he's even in you. And that makes you more than a match for anything that comes along. For any depression, for any fear, for any anxiety, for any sickness, for any sin. You are more than a match. You are the seed of Abraham. We shall possess the gates of our enemy no matter what the enemy is. You know, we we live in a world that we want to matter. How you feel like Satan's feeling this morning when he's here and he don't matter. [Laughter] He don't matter cuz God gave the promise. He's our possession. Healing is your possession. Salvation is your possession. The Holy Ghost is your possession. He said, "There's great thousands of preachers and so forth in the land today that says it's not so, but the seed of Abraham knows it's so. They'll raid right into it and possess the gates of the enemy." Why? God said they would. Oh, God said they would, and they believe it because it's a promise. His seed shall possess the gates of the enemy. Oh, you'll go through testings. You'll go through trials. Let me tell you young people, you're going to go right back and you're going to go right back through testings and you're going to go right back through trials and you're going to go Amen. We're not here on a flowery bed of ease and and we're just floating along waiting on the rapture. No, we're going to fight our way. How many fighters I got here today? Amen. It doesn't matter what I'm going to face. I'm going to fight. It doesn't matter how many enemies comes up. I'm going to fight. It doesn't matter how much tries to stop me and tries to hinder me. I'm going to fight. I'm going to press my way into the kingdom of God. It doesn't matter if it's a Wednesday night or a Sunday morning. It doesn't matter what day it is. I'm a child of God and I'm going to fight if I must raise. Increase my courage, Lord. Joshua stood there and he said, "I don't care how big they are. I don't care what kind of spear they got. I don't care how high their cities are walled. Our God is a great God and that's all that matters." Joshua 11:4 said they went out and they all and all their hosts with them much people even as a sand that is upon the seashore and multitude and horses and chariots very many. And when all these kings were met together, we're talking about the five kings. Did you hear what how much they had there? They they were multi. They were like the sea on the sands of the shore or the sands on the seashore. I'm tired this morning. How many else is tired this morning? It don't [Applause] matter. It don't matter if we're tired this morning. We're still children of God and we're going to press through to the victory. Cuz what mattered is I got the Holy Ghost last night. What mattered is I got healed last night. What mattered is I received the victory last night. What mattered is God showed me it's not just for my mama. It's not just for my daddy. It's for me, too. That's what matters. But they were as a sand upon the seashore and multitude and horses and chariots, very many. And the Lord said to Joshua, "Be not afraid because of them. For tomorrow about this time, will I deliver them up all slain before Israel, and thou shalt hew their horses and burn their chariots with fire. Hallelujah. I I got I'm kind of like brother Andrew. I'm a little bit uneducated, so I got to look up words when I don't know what they are." He hues. That's a That means you're going to cut their tendons. You're going to hamstring them. It refers to making them unusable. It also means to pluck up, to root out, to dig out, to tear down. Hallelujah. Amen. You might be looking at an insurmountable task when you get home. You may be looking like looking at your room and saying, "There ain't no way I can clean all this nonsense out. I can get rid of all this stuff that Satan has piled in my life." But God is speaking to you this morning, saying, "You're not going home by yourself." Amen. But you're going home with Jehovah Gyra, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. And you're going to he pornography. You're going to he demon of hell that has stole the victory from you over and over. And you're going to take his power and you're going to root it up. And you're going to cast it into the lake of fire. This is exactly what when David met Goliath. Now to everybody else in that camp, it mattered how big that guy was. It mattered. This guy's huge. Well, Andrew, I'm going to use you. Come here. Right here. Come here, little fella. Everybody else, it mattered. Me get down here so I can see what you really look like. I always talk about Brother Andrew. We're just going to be ourselves this morning. I call him two steps because it takes him about two steps to get across the platform. Big tall. Big tall fella. And to this little fella, he may look big. I ain't going to call you Goliath. I can't do it. Go sit down. Just showing you what it looked like. How impossible it may look. How impossible it may seem. It looked impossible to David's brothers. They were warriors from their youth and and they had been trained for battle. They had had great training. They had fought along Saul for a long time. They'd meet Amalachites and they'd beat this one and they'd beat that one. But all of a sudden, a champion come out and they get begin to hide in their tents cuz what mattered was how big this guy was. He's huge. He's all I don't know what to do about him. So, you know what they did? They went inside their tents and they pulled their laptops up and they start trying to find quotes and start trying to find scriptures. Amen. Listen, it ain't all about quotes and scriptures being on a laptop. It's about being in a life somewhere. Amen. That's what we want in this meetings is not just to have quotes and scriptures up on pages, but we want to be the written word of almighty God. That when we come against our Goliath, we know, Amen. the same God Elijah knew. We know the same one that our pastor knows. We know the same one our daddy knows. And if God was with them, he'll also be with me. This is where David was. He said, "I serve the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. He was Abraham's God. He was Isaac's God. He was Jacob's God. But he's also my God." And it didn't matter to him. Hey, man. He coming to the camp and he's walking in there with a few snacks. You know, he had some Cheezits and some chicken strips. He had some few things for his brothers to eat and he's just walking, minding no one's business, and he's just walking along. All a sudden, he hears this challenge. And he looked over there. You know, it didn't matter how big he was to David. It didn't matter how big his shoes was. It didn't matter how big his shield was. It didn't matter. It didn't matter what what anything the giant had was. What mattered to David was God's word. And God had given them the promise. God had gi them an inheritance. And what mattered was this was an uncircumcised Philistine that was standing upon what God gave me. And so David, Amen. He says, "Look, I'll go fight him." Well, let me bring up a few matters to you. He's been a warrior since his youth. David, did you see that shield? Did you see that spear? Did you see how tall he was? Did you see how big he was? Did you see how great he was? Did you see how impossible it is? David just said, "It don't matter." If you'll look at your enemy with that kind of attitude, you don't matter. I know it's simple, but it's true. If you'll begin to realize you're dealing with a bluff, you're dealing with a conquered foe, and he's trying to bluff you out of your inheritance. I've stood there in that same place that David stood, and I I looked over here where the the Israelites were camped, and they have found, Amen, archaeological digs and things. And I looked over here where the Philistines were. Right in the middle was this little brook. And I was able to walk right down to that brook and get me some stones. Amen. You know what I realized right then, brother Andrew? Everything David needed to defeat that Goliath was already in the land. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. God had already provided it for them. God had already created it. He had already put it there. Amen. Those stones had already defeated an enemy before. Read the Bible. Amen. Right before David and his life as the children of Israel would come into the promised land, God rang stones down upon their enemy. It defeated the enemy before. It'll defeat him again. Oh, he might have got bigger. He might have got stronger. He might have got darker. He might have got this or whatever. He might have got seem to be more scarier. But it don't matter. What matters is there's a promise laying in the book. And all I got to do is walk into that book and find me a promise and put it in my sling of faith and knock my giant down. And that's what David did. He took that stone. He put it in his sling. John says you now it didn't matter to the giant who he was facing. He said, "Who am I a dog? You going to send me a little boy out?" But he failed to realize it was an unseen force. Come on now. He failed to realize and calculate exactly right what was going on. Amen. And a stone hit him right there in his head and he fell down on his face and David did what he said. He went up, ran up there and took his sword and cut his head off. Now I want to read you in the Bible again. And it said when David had done that, the men in Israel and Judah arose and shouted and pursued the Philistines unto come to the valley and to the gates of Echron. Echron again means torn up by the roots. Come on now. Amen. This is what you got to do. You got to realize, listen, my pornography don't matter. My sin don't matter. What's been hold my gaming don't matter. Everything that's been holding me back from being a trueborn Christian of God and the victory of the Holy Ghost, it don't matter. I'm going to go home and I'm going to tear it up by the roots. Come on, somebody. Amen. And it's important because you know when you have a garden, you you you have a garden, you got certain places, certain plants you want to keep and there these weeds grow up seem like they grow up faster than the plants you want. You know how it works. And and you know I was a little boy and my my dad used to grow a big garden and I be honest with I hated it because there's a lot of work as a little boy. I I want to do something else. I go fishing. I want do something else. He said, "Well, you can do that if you hold these row of beans." I said, "Boy, let me have that hole." I went down through that thing. I was all proud of myself. Said, "I'm done, Dad." He said, "You ain't done." He said, "All you did was just take off it at the surface." He said, "Those weeds have to be dug up from the roots cuz if you don't dig the root out of there, they just going to grow right back up again." Come on, somebody. This is what you got to do. Amen. And this is what circumcision is all about. Amen. We don't have circumcision of the flesh, but of the heart. He would tell the children of Israel when they went over to the promised land, "Get you a sharp knife." Amen. It's time to cut off all the excess. Come on. We got a lot of excess in our lives that don't matter. We got a lot of things that we pay a lot of attention to that don't matter. Amen. It's time you just cut that off. Amen. And take it off when it'll never come back again. Amen. Dig it up by the roots. Destroy your enemy. You have been given the power over the sin in your life. You have been given the power to overcome in your life. But you have to take that sword and saying, "Devil, you I'm not just going to cut it off of the surface. I'm going down into the depths and I'm going to cut it all the way out." Some of y'all need to go home and have a burning. Hello, somebody. Need to have a burning borrow. One from brother Joe Adams. He preached a sermon on Amen. burning the ships. You There was a there was a a man that had come found some land and he wanted to take it and he had to come and try to take it, but his men would always go back to the ship. So, you know, because they'd get scared or afraid and they just go back to their comfort zone. Oh yeah. We as young people, we got a lot of We got our own little comfort zone. You don't want to deal with stuff sometimes. Just go into your room and shut yourself away and get in your little comfortable spot. Put your earbuds in and start listening to stuff you ain't supposed to. Start before you know it, you're looking at stuff you ain't supposed to. Before you know it, you're dwelling on stuff you ain't. It's a shame that we become more comfortable with devils than we do with God. Amen. We allow things to come in our lives because it's comfortable to us. Amen. It's time that we become very uncomfortable around spirits of hell. Amen. We don't allow them to come into our lives and dictate things in our life, but we realize they don't matter. They're not of eternal value. There's only one thing that matters, and that's what's eternal. size of the enemy doesn't matter. The strength of the enemy does not matter. What matters is if you know your God. That he'll come for you in your moment of need and situation because he promised he would. He promised he would be there. Amen. He He He ain't never failed one time. He ain't started yet and he won't start now. Amen. There was Jehoshaphat, I believe it was, that was surrounded by an enemy and evil had come upon them and and the children of Ammon and Moab had come to Mount Zir and and and they were trying they would they would they would invade and and you know here here he's calling upon the Lord and he's like Lord what are we going to do? Oh God, wil thou not judge them? With thou we for we have no might against this great company that cometh against us, neither know what we to do. But our eyes are upon thee. And Judah stood before the Lord and with their little ones and their wives and their children. Then upon Jehazel, the son of Zachariah came the spirit of the Lord in the midst of the congregation. And he said, "Hearken ye, oh Judah, and you inhabitants of Jerusalem, and thou king Jehoshaphat. Thus saith the Lord unto you, be not afraid, nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude, for the battle is not yours. Hallelujah. The battle is not yours, but God. But tomorrow go ye down against them and come by the cliff of Ziz, and you shall find them at the end of the brook before the wilderness of Jeru. And you shall not need fighting this battle. But set yourselves and stand you still and see the salvation of the Lord, oh Judah. Fear not, nor be dismayed, for tomorrow go out against them, for the Lord will be with you. And if I have something to say this morning, Amen. When you leave this camp, don't fear. When you leave this camp, don't be dismayed. You're not going by yourself. But the God of heaven is going before you. He promised he would. Syria's strength didn't matter. Their king didn't matter. In 2 Chronicles, we can read about Sakaribb or how you pronounce that man's name. All I know is it fits in all king of Assyria and entered into Judah and he camped against the fence cities and thought to win them for himself. He thought he was going to do this. And when Hezekiah saw that this s sync was come that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem, he took counsel with his princes and the mighty men to stop the waters of the fountains were without the city and they did help him. So they were gathered much people together who stopped all the fountains. The brooks that ran the midst of the land, saying, why should the king of Syria come and find much water? And he strengthened himself and he built up all the walls that were broken. And he raised up the towers and and another wall without and repaired Milo in the city of David and made darts and shields. And he set capsules of war and gathered them together and the gate of the city and spank spake comfortably to them, saying, "Be strong and courageous. Be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor all the multitude that is with them. For there is more with us than there is with him. For with him is the arm of flesh." I want you to understand what he was counting. With him as the arm of flesh, but with us is the Lord our God to help us and to fight our battles. God is with you. Young people, if you can realize it this morning, he's not just with your mom. He's not just with your dad. He's not just with all these ministers up here. He is with you. God is with you. Let not your heart faint. Fear not. Don't tremble. Neither be you terrified. Nothing the devil can do matters. He doesn't matters. What matters is God is with you. And don't let me tell you, he's going to the devil's going to come and tell you that God ain't. Well, you ain't felt him in a long time. Well, it don't it don't matter what my feelings say. It doesn't matter what I feel. It matters what his word says. Come on now. If we can realize our feelings really don't matter. I know that's hard to swallow in a church because we want our feelings to be petted and we want our feelings to be we're just like a cat. Long as our feelings is rubbed the right way, we're just all happy and happy golucky and God bless you pastor. I love you pastor. But as soon as something comes and rubs it the other way, All of a sudden, our feelings matter. But listen, if we can get to the place and it really doesn't matter about my feelings. Come on. It doesn't matter about how I feel or how I how I think. What matters is God's word said. It doesn't matter if I feel him in a service or not. His word said, "Where two or three are gathered in my name, I'll be there." It doesn't matter if I feel like going to church or not, it matters. He said, "Forsake not the assembling of yourself together, even the much more as you see that day approaching." That's what matters. It doesn't matter. Amen. If you feel like you're loved or you feel like you're hated, that doesn't matter. What matters is God said, "I loved you. I chose you before the foundation of the world." And no man, or can I say it like this? No devil can pluck you out of his hand. That's what matters. Well, I mean, he came to a prophet and told him he didn't have no power with God and he didn't matter to God. That's what he did. He said about two or three months ago, I was I was in my room. I heard a voice speaking in a corner. And he said, "I thought about waking my wife to look at it. A hideous looking thing standing there accusing me." I woke up and said, "Better get the children, you know." I looked over and there's this hideous thing and looked like Alioop in the funny paper. Now, I'm not even old enough to know what Alioop looked like. Oh, brother Ben, you are. I'm going I'm gonna behave. But apparently he was a very ugly looking creature. Not something you want to wake up and look at first thing in the morning. You know, while we're on that, just for a second, we spoke about boys being in the mirror. I met some this morning that said they wasn't in the mirror long enough they had to go back and put some hairspray on. Apparently, their hair matters to them. I'm going to leave unsaid who said that, but he's sitting right over there on the front row. He said, "I thought about waking her." I said, "Well, that'll scare her to death." And I said, "Well, just wait a minute and stand and watch." He said, "People talk about devils don't even know what they are sometimes, but you run headlong into them every day." But after a while, he started accusing me. He said, "You have no power with God. You're just a bluff. You have no power." What? To somebody that has stood in a platform night after night and cast Satan out night after night, night after night and he gonna come and tell him he has no power with God. But that didn't matter what he said. Brother Adam said, I said, "Satan, you're an offense to me. Get out of my way. Come on. Come on. It's sometimes time some of you get some backbone about yourself. You've allowed that devil to stand in your room long enough. Oh, he came in and he was silent for a little bit, but after a while, you let him stand there, he'll start telling you things. He'll start telling you you ain't worthy. He'll start telling you you're not going to make it. He'll start telling you the message ain't for you. He'll start telling you, you ain't got no power with God. But you need to go back to what the word said. Satan, you are offense to me. Get out of my way in the name of Jesus Christ. That's what matters. I don't come to you with fear. I don't come in you with anxiety. I ain't come trembling. I'm coming in the name of Jesus Christ. And in the name of Jesus Christ, I take authority over [Applause] you. And he left and I laid there a little bit in bed and I started to raise up. He said, "But a real sweet feeling come over me." And I thought, "I wonder if the Holy Spirit now is close." He said, "So help me with my Bible over my heart." The sweetest voice I ever heard in my life said, 'D don't fear to go anywhere. Don't fear to do anything. For the neverfailing presence of Jesus Christ is with you wherever you go. Hallelujah. If you got Jesus, you got everything. If you got Jesus, Amen. He's with you wherever you go. You say, "Well, I wish I could hear him say that to me." He did say that to you. He said, "I'll be with you and I'll never leave you or forsake you." That means he'll go with you through your trial. He'll go through with you through your circumstance. He'll walk with you through sickness and trials and situation. He'll walk with you when you face a giant in your life. A God who matters. A God that can come and change every situation in just a moment. Hallelujah. He says, he as I say this, my brother, he's come from glory this afternoon to set any one of you free. He'll come down through every church, every critic, everything else, every fanatic, everything else to you, to heal you, to make you right. Don't you believe that? Yes, sir. Don't let him just let just just let him find one sincere heart that he can get into. He'll come anytime, any hour of the night. I'm so thankful we have a doctor that'll come anytime. I'm so happy to know that we have a refuge and strength, a very present time, help in the time of trouble. He said, I remember sometime all you know, he said, I was up in person in nature and he said, I love to go hunting. And he said, I I was in a situation, you know, remember the story? He gets up on the mountain, his wife and little son's down in the cabin and he gets lost. I I I you talking about grace. I love that God shows us what really great that a prophet could get lost. Could get turned around. Could, you know, kind of find misfire. I'm not talking about in the word. You know what I'm talking about. And and in in in his everyday life, could just find himself in the spot. He don't know what to do. He don't know what to turn where to turn. He done tried. And he he finds and his words are he said, "I'm going to put my face this way and I'm going to walk this way with all my heart." And he said he comes right back around and he finds him right where he left again. Same spot. Called it the Indian death walk. Some of y'all been doing that for a long time. I'm going to go this way after this camp and I'm going to do this and I'm going to do this and I'm going to do this and you come right back and the next camp you're right at the same spot and I'm going to do this and I'm going to do this and I'm going to do that. I'm not going to do that no more. And you come right around and you come right to the last same spot. As long as you're trying on your own, you're always going to come right back to the same spot. long as you're trying to rely on your own abilities and your own strength and you're not giving your whole heart to the Lord and you're not surrendering your all and you're not laying your own thoughts down, you're going to come back to the same spot. But he said there was a moment I started going. He started started hearing a voice. You remember when he started started hearing a voice speak to him, I'm the everpresent help in the time of trouble. Maybe that's what you heard all weekend. I'm the everpresent help. I'm the blood that covers. I'm the unlimited force. Come on. I'm the grace that you need. I have I have determined your path. I am marking out your way. You just put yourself in my hands and I'll lead you to the place you need to go. And he said he started to go again on his own way. And he said all of a sudden a hand turned him. He said he turned him around and he said about that time the clouds will roll back and he said he caught a glimpse of hurricane mountain. I'm believing with all my heart, brother Wendle. Amen. There's a hand that's been on some young people this evening or this weekend that turned them around and they caught a glimpse of something greater than themselves. They caught a glimpse of something that really matters. And he said he knew between him and that mountain was a lifeline. And if he kept his hands up in surrenderance, he would get the lifeline. Oh, come on, somebody. Do we got anybody that say, "God, I want to continue to walk in surrenderance. I want to continue to walk as you want me to walk. I'm going to keep my eyes on you. I'm not going to look at our mountains or the valleys around me. I'm not going to look at the enemy that's around me. I want to look at Jesus Christ. I'm walking towards him with all my heart. Help hearing that I'm the Lord. I'm a very present help in the time of trouble. And all at once, he said, "Sure," his hands got tired. Sure, he wanted to drop them down, but he just kept them up. Keep your hands up, children of God. Don't let the devil take you back to your past or take you back to the things you've done and regrets and failures and before you know it, he's piling all kind of that stuff don't matter. It's gone. It's finished. It's done. It's annihilated. You know, we're not careful. I think I mentioned this the other day. I don't know. I'm old. I did mention this. I don't have no children of my own here at the first youth camp, but I do have a grandson now. That's pretty awesome. Makes it worth getting old, don't it, brother Sean? Brother Ben, don't laugh. You're coming right behind us. I've been reading the tea leaves. And here we are. We become spiritual hoarders. You know what a hoarder is? They keep stuff that don't matter. Hello. They got houses of stuff that don't matter. If it was gone tomorrow, it wouldn't matter cuz it ain't mattered enough for them to even go look at it in four or five years. So why would it matter if it's gone? But they become hoarders and they pile all kinds of stuff up. And I've seen people in the message are Christians that will just become hoarders. They they carrying around baggages of bitterness and baggages of unforgiveness and baggages of hurts and baggage. You say, "Well, brother Timothy, amen. This one done this to me. This one done I was abused. I was this. I was that." Amen. Let me I'm not trying to minimize your hurt. As far as I understand there's real hurts, but what matters is a God who's bigger than your hurt. There's a God who's got a bomb in Gilead. He can wash it all away. He can take that hurt and that scar and he can put the bomb of Gilead on it and you don't have to bear it no more. That's what I'm talking about. Listen, I I believe this weekend we ought to have a good burning session. Why don't we this morning determine in my heart, I'm going to burn every unforgiven spirit. I'm going to burn every bitterness. I'm going to burn everything that's held me back. And I'm going to go with Jesus with my whole heart. With everything I have, I listen. You will never hit that lifeline holding on to something else. You got to put both hands in the air. You got to let go of worldly pleasures. You got to let go of everything that would so easily beset you and run. John 14:1 says, "Let not your heart be troubled. Ye believe in God, believe also in me, because in my father's houses are many mansions. Oh, I can't wait. We got all these ideas of mansions, man. I want, you know, we've dreamed of mansions. If I could just build a certain house, if I can have just so many bedrooms. I I want to put a fireplace or two in. I want this, that, and the other. That ain't the mansion he's talking about. I know the world picks it. I want the golden door knobs and I want the I tell you the mansion he's talking about. I have prepared a mansion. It's a new body. You talking about the best mansion you ever lived in. Cuz any mansion you can build here on earth, Amen. There's been men that has spent fortunes on mansions that today are were wallered up with cobwebs. They got every kind of un insect and rat running through them. Amen. And lost the history of what went on and who was there and what dignitary walked in there, what happened. It didn't matter. It don't matter no more. Amen. But let me tell you about a mansion. I got a mansion that's about this tall. He's got about he he ain't got all this gray hair that's coming in. They got some mansion that they got all the hair. You know, brother Timothy, I'm a young man and I tell you right now, I I got the looks. I got everything put together. I got muscles on top of muscles on top of muscles on top of muscles. Well, let me tell you, that's just more to deteriorate. I was at a place one time in Florida and there was a man that I found out later that one time was one of the star was a star football player. He was a giant fellow. But I watched him as he come into into the into the restaurant and somebody later would tell me who he was and he was he was decrepit and he was bent over and he he sat down just you know plopped down on a seat and he he sat there out of breath and and here all of his life his ambitions had went before him and he had lived out his dreams and he had conquered a lot of enemies. He had done a lot of things. He maybe scored a lot of touchdowns. He may have blocked for a lot of I don't know what position he was a big old dude but now he's wore out now he's beat down and I watched him later as he would struggle to get out of that seat and on my mind I'm wondering I always think about this what what really matters to them now what really matters matters. Does it really matter that they blocked for so many touchdowns or they made so many touchdowns or they scored so many goals or they won so many gold medals or they did this? Listen, we're not after a corruptible crown, but an incorruptible crown. I tell you what's going to matter is one day I'm going to feel something change come over me and I'm going to step out of this old body, this old veil of flesh, and I'm going to step into a new body that ain't never had a mind battle. Ain't never for face depression. Ain't never had anxiety or fear and all of that to be washed away and gone away from me. Never again will I have to face that old devil and his sliminess get all over me. But I'll be able to walk to the hills of glory shouting the victory. That's all that [Applause] matters. Sure, I understand. You need to prepare for life. you need to plant your potatoes and all that stuff, but don't let that become more that matters to you than eternal values. Prophet of God would say it like this, and it's one of those key quotes to me. Amen. No matter what you are, who you are, how successful you become, without Christ, you've totally lost everything. You can have diplomas to go across your bedroom and around and circle around and touch the other side. That won't matter when it comes to your last breath. You can have sports awards and trophies and all kinds of things. That won't matter when it comes to your last breath. And let me tell you, you may not be 50 years old when you reach your last breath or 70 or 80. It might be in just a moment. We don't know when our time is. But what matters is do you know your God? David would say it like this. Oh God, thou art my God. I hope that's really touched some of you that you can have that revelation. It's not just Brother Andrew's God, but I met the same one brother Andrew met when he was a 12 year old boy. And the same one that brought him to here last night to preach in a powerful way, anointed by the power of almighty God is the same God. If you meet that same one and he does the same thing on the inside of you when you get to be 30 years old, he'll still be holding you. When you get in your trials and your situations, you say, "Well, I didn't come from a good family. I didn't come from a good bloodline." That don't matter. This message is not about what what family you come from. I know preachers like to make it that. Well, if I had that last name, I'd have a message. I'd have a a ministry, too. It ain't got nothing to do about a last name. Is it is it apostolic succession that they call it where they hand it down from one person to another? That's not what this is about. much as I would love to. I'd love to hand amen the God that I know down to my children, but I can't. Sure, I can show them what who he is and try to show show it live. I can do things and you know what I mean, but I cannot hand this life and say it's yours now. No, they have to experience for themselves. And neither is a God called man a God- called man because his daddy was a God- called man. Hey, I faced that all my life. You know, you're just this because you got a certain last name or you're just this because, you know, your daddy done this and your daddy. Listen, I want you to understand, I had to meet the same God my dad met. I had to meet him for myself. And it had to become a reality for me. It wasn't good enough when I got my trial to say, "Daddy, God, dad's God, where you at?" I had to have my own experience. I had to have my own God I could call on in my time of need and God would come down and he would answer me in my request conditions. Listen to this. He said he's here to meet you in every condition. He's a very present help in the time of trouble. So conditions don't matter. What matters is he's able to meet any condition. Listen, you may leave here and find yourself in the worst storm ever in your life. But as long as Jesus is in your boat, what does it matter? If they would have really listened to what he said, he before they even got in a boat, he said, "Let's go over to the other side. That should have been all that mattered, right? His word spoke. Let's go over to the other side." But they get out in the middle of it. He falls asleep. He's resting upon what he had spoke. He knew it was going to come to pass. He wasn't worried about winds or waves or boats rocking and filling up with water. He could care less about that. His word was already spoke. But all of a sudden it be to matter to some disciples. Hey, wait a minute. We're about to drown. These winds are bad. These waves are coming in. Get a bucket. Let me tell you, when you're in the middle of it, your bucket ain't going to matter. What's going to matter is your God. What do you mean b my bucket don't matter? I Well, let me tell you. There was a little woman that came to a well and on the side of this well set a man had a divine appointment that took place in that day in that moment. He's sitting there waiting on her to come. He knew her condition. He knew he proved he did later. He he would speak what her condition was. But here he come and he says,"Woman, give me a drink." And she said, "Why would you ask me of a drink? you know, you're of a different race and we ain't supposed to be mingling and all this stuff mattered to her. See, that's what the world wants you to get your eyes upon, you know, is it matters what race you are. It matters. This message is not about race. Well, let me say it's about the God race. It's not about black, yellow, red, white, blue. It don't matter. Amen. What matters is is you have God on the inside of you that rewrote your life and he rewrote your history and he rewrote your bloodline. And now it ain't the blood of of Tim and Karen Puit that's operating inside of you and orchestrating who you are, but it's the blood of Jesus Christ that has overrode all of that. That's what matters. And he she said, well, he said, well, if you knew who I was, you would ask for me from me a drink. What did she say? She said, "You ain't got no water pot. How are you going to get anything out of this well? How are you going to do this?" Well, she didn't realize that wasn't what mattered in the moment. That wasn't the water he was talking about. But as the story goes on, and you know the story, she he begins to take her through all of her religious things and all the way down to she finally realized, "Oh, you're a prophet." And then all of a sudden she realized this is the Messiah. See, she come in at a certain surface and he took her to the depths. And the scripture says, if you'll read your Bible, when she went to go tell everybody what happened, she left her water pot. Something that mattered to her in the beginning no longer matters anymore. Amen. This is what I pray happened to you this weekend. You came with everything that you thought that mattered and you thought this mattered. You thought that mattered and you had this idea about this, but all of a sudden you went from this way down into the depths and God took you to a place you realize that stuff will never quench my thirst. Amen. How many times has she came day after day after day to that well and it never quenched her thirst. It might have been a temporary thing, but she would get thirsty again. But when she met the real drink of water, she never thirsted again. I trust at this camp there'll be a lot of water pots left behind. The devil says, "I'm going to sink them." They leave this camp, I'm going to sink them. They They just going to They going to be by themselves. I'm going to catch them out in that place. I've caught them there before. I caught him there before. I'll catch him again. And here comes this little boat pushing through the waves, pushing through the water. and he begins to whip up the storms, whip up the winds, whip it all up, and it's bouncing and carrying on. Wow. I was just a few days ago, I was in I was at that youth camp in Oklahoma. What happened? Don't forget who's in your boat. I pray this camp you won't leave without him in your boat cuz you're going to go through some more winds and you're going to go through some more waves. You're going to go through some situations in your life that you can't handle. But listen, there's a God that can go with you. There's a God that can get in your car and go wherever you go. He can go to your job. He can go to your bedroom. He can go to your situation. Go to your private life. And he can stand on the side of your boat and say, "Peace, be still." Hallelujah. That's all that matters. What matters is we got Jesus. We got Jesus. Amen. And I'm so thankful to know we are not in a revival that went off without him. We're in a revival that has him in our boat. We're in a revival that God is coming this day the same yesterday, today, and forever. Yeah, the storms may get bad. The winds may blow. But I'm here to say it'll take a stronger wind than this. Hallelujah. Is there any young person that'll make that declaration? It's going to take a stronger win. It's going to take a stronger win cuz God is on my side. And if God be before me, who can be against me? I got Jesus. Therefore, I got everything. When my hopes are gone, I got Jesus. When my sick, I'm sick. I got Jesus. When I'm down in the dumps, I got Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Remember, he's ever with you. Everything. He's everything to re remedy every cause that the devil can start. Oh, I like that. He's in the boat. He's in the ship. Brother Brandon would take the rapture text in Psalms 27 verse1. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear the So that tells me in the rapture age there's going to be things that try to make you afraid but whom shall I fear? The Lord is a strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes come to eat my flesh, they stumble and fall. Though a host shall encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. The war shall rise against me, and this will I be confident. One thing I've desired of the Lord, and I will seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, inquire in his temple. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me, he shall set me on a rock. Psalms 37 says, "But the verse 39 says, "The salvation of the righteousness of the Lord, he is their strength in the time of trouble, and the Lord shall help them and deliver them." He shall deliver them from the wicked and save them because they trust in him. Psalms 46, I'm going have to go over that one. Let me get my Bible. I just got the first verse, but that's one of my favorite scriptures. You mind going through this as we bring this down this morning? God is our refuge. Your room ain't your refuge. Truly, people ain't your true refuge. Sure, you can find comfort around certain people. I understand. That's not what I'm saying. God is your refuge because he's the only one that ain't going to walk away when the winds get rough. He's the only one that's going to be still standing there when the winds of hell are blowing. God is our refuge, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will we will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried unto the mist of the sea. Though the waters therefore roar roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Say, do you know what that means? That means to pause and calmly think about this. What did I just not read about mountains falling in and rivers roaring and waters being troubled and mountains shaking? pause and calmly think about it. How can you be so calm? Because I'm not by myself. I'm not even with a preacher. I'm not even just with friends. I'm with the God who created everything. I'm with him. I've I've used this over and over, but I just say somebody maybe didn't hear it. I've seen this little cartoon drawing of this dumb sheep. Dorkiest looking sheep you ever seen in your life. He apparently didn't spend a whole lot of time in front of the mirror. Buck teeth. Well, I got y'all's attention on What are you gonna say next, Brother Timothy? Uh, and he's standing there. It's a cartoon. He's on his back feet. We know they walk on two feet, but for sakes for the sake of sheep, we got some two-feeded sheep today. I hope we got some sheep in here this morning. I got to behave. But he's standing there and he's walking down this road and he's holding the hand of Jesus. And you can tell this sheep ain't got no ability to do nothing. He is a dork and he's walking down. It looks like his legs are all shaky and everything. He ain't got a whole lot of strength, but he's holding on to the hand of Jesus. And over there in the ditch is a lion that's roaring and he's and his sheep is looking like, "What are you doing, dummy?" So that's the that's the look. I'm just telling what he look like. What are you doing, dummy? I'm with him. This is what he's saying. They said, "I'm with him." Come on, somebody. I hope you are the sheep that are gonna leave this camp and you're walking with Jesus and all of a sudden that line of roar and say, "I'm coming." What are you doing, dummy? What are you doing, stupid? I'm with him. Don't you know he's the one that broke your back? Don't you know he's the one who took the power fray away from you from the death, hell, and the grave? Come on. It's time you look at your enemy for what he really is. He's not a giant. He's under your feet. What you doing, dummy? How dare you come against the army of the living God? If God be for us, who can be against us? What shall we say? Let's stand. What shall we say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? Who is he that condemnth? Satan, with your lies and your accusing, it don't matter. For what shall separate me from the love of Christ? Let me hear you now with tribulation. There's a couple of you. I don't want to be too loud. Brother Timothy. Distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, peril, sword. But for thy sake, we're killed all the day long. We're counted as sheep for the slaughter. Uhoh. But nay, in all these things, we are more than conquerors. [Applause] I'm not looking at just conquerors. I'm looking at more than conquerors. For I am persuaded. That means you got your mind made up. There ain't nothing that can stalk you out of it. Especially something that's insignificant, has no power or no authority. It can't talk you out of it. cuz I've heard a voice from another land and it said neither death nor life nor angels nor principalities nor present nor powers nor present things to come height death or any creature shall be able to separate me devil I'm here to tell you me and God are inseparable [Applause] more. Hallelujah. Where you at today, church? Don't tremble. Don't worry about it. Don't fear that devil. Sure, he gonna be waiting out there. We ain't we ain't we ain't dumb enough to believe he ain't always going to come. He's always going to try to come and talk you out of what you got or what you received or try to bring you down and try to tear you apart. But if you'll not rely on self and self abilities, but you'll rely on what the word was spoke this weekend. This word has life in it. It is the life and say Lord I want to leave this camp and I want to keep my hands up Lord. I want to keep myself in a place of surrenderance that Lord I can stay in your will and not your way. I I can walk in your paths and your duties and I I I can I can abide by the word of God that has been spoken and I can if if something tries to rise up, there'll be a nature on the inside now that overrule it and push it back down again to its place. If God be for you, who can be against you? Why don't you put your hands on one another? Brothers, brother and sisters, sister, we leave this place. Why don't you just pray? Ask God to go with each one because God can be with them when you can't [Music] be. God can be there when you can't reach them on the phone or they can't reach you. God will still be there. God will be there when a pastor can't get to [Music] you. I'm going to ask you right now. You heard the word. You heard the word all weekend. Now I want you to put in your voice and I want you to pray. I want you to talk to the Lord. I want you to call upon him. Preachers have prayed for you, but now you pray one for the other. There's strength in prayer. There's strength in numbers. There strength that right now being transferred believer to believer. Hallelujah. Why don't you just lift your voice and begin to pray for the one next to you? Just say, "Lord, be with them. Lord, comfort them during their trials and situations. Strengthen them, Lord." Yes, Jesus. Let them know they're not alone. Let them know they're not fighting by themselves, but you're fighting their battles for them. You're you're there with them, Lord. I Hallelujah. Father, we brought these words this morning. Just simple thought. Father, we can realize our enemy is a a defeated foe and he don't matter. What matters is your word. What matters is you and you're with us. So if you're with us, who can be against us? Father, may our young people receive strength in these meetings, Lord. Not just a strength, Lord, to carry them to the next, but but Lord, a strength that'll be with them, Father, to to fight every devil of hell. that they can grab their sword and they can realize I'm a son of Abraham. I'm a son of God. I I'm a daughter of God. I don't have to bow to this. I don't have to put up with this one more moment, but I can have my moment of victory and liberty in my room or wherever I am. I can have that peace that passes all understanding. I can have joy unspeakable and full of glory. I I can have these promises of God. It It's for me. It's not just for some preachers or or for a few elders, but it's for me, God. You brought it for me. You remembered me in my low estate. You spoke words of eternal life to me and you strengthened me. You touched me. Father, we love you, Lord. We praise you with all of our hearts. Amen. of Jesus, [Music] silver, that's what matters. I'd [Music] rather than have riches untold. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than have us. I'd rather be there. Yes, he by his heart. Oh, and to be Oh. pass you. Oh yes Lord be in s. Oh, I'd [Music] ra this world a force today. I'd rather have Jesus. Oh, I ra have Jesus. and applause. I ra be faithful to hear his call. I'd rather have Jesus than hold my faith. I'd rather be true to his holy than to be to be the king of a last be in catch. I'd [Music] ra this world a day. Today. [Music] Bless the Lord. You know, thinking of what [Music] matters, what comes down to it. I know there's there's so much to attract you young people these days, far more than what I had when I was a young man. We didn't We didn't have a TV in our house and um you know so and and the phone the only phone we had was one with a cord that was hooked to the wall and u you know there wouldn't the the entertainment that we we had maybe we'd play pingpong with the family or we would uh sit and play a game. But you know what we done [Music] as kids? We worked for the Lord. Everything that we done was spent doing something for God. And um uh we mowed I I mowed the lawn for the church. I was always trying to do something for the Lord. We uh learned to play the guitar. I I'd borrow my brother Jonathan. You know, I was 12 years old. Jonathan was a little he was just a baby. And uh I' I' I'd get his little wagon, hook it up to my bike, and put my guitar on it. Mama, do you remember that? Put my guitar on it, and I'd go I'd go around and looking for for the elders that hadn't been to church in a while, and I'd go sing for them a little bit. And uh and then uh the nursing home started letting me come and sing over there. And then I really felt big when they let me dad dad introduced me to come and and witnessing in the jails and I'd take my guitar and and and go go uh sing and and witness to I was I was just I was I was just a young teenager. But I I'd done something for the Lord. And I and I want to say when you when you're under responsibility, when there's responsibility on your shoulders, you you've got to be in contact with the Lord. The greatest the the greatest tool of the devil is idleness. When you're idle, your mind then will just your mind. You pick up your phone and you're playing with this phone all the time. And that's the that's the biggest tool of the enemy, looking at things, doing things, YouTube, Facebook, whatever else, right? But if you'd make up your mind, Lord, you've done something for me in this camp. I'm going to go home and I'm going to do something for you. I I I asked my pastor, I I found some old cards, some cards that they had made up one time with, you know, had it had the church name on it and it had his little picture up there on it. And I I I'd seen that at the church. And uh uh I started I started putting little scripture verses on it when people didn't come to church. Amen. I just I' I'd drive around my back and I just go drop them in their mailbox and tell them we missed you. And yeah, that's that's I done [Music] that. Just something that I can do for the Lord. There is the opportunities are endless. Don't leave it for the deacons. Don't leave it for for for those around. Do something for the Lord. Amen. Cuz it doesn't matter whether you're up here or whether you are out uh out there mowing the lawn or encouraging somebody or you're working for the Lord. And I just want to say when we leave this place, Lord, I'm going to sign up for duty. Might not be the preacher, might not be the deacon, might not be the Sunday school teacher, but Lord, you can use me somewhere. How many wants to be used of the Lord? [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Amen. You that that song, I'm not giving up. Can we can we sing that? I'm not giving up. I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I am wear the shining crown. Someday going to keep holding on to his nail scarred hand. I'm not giving up. So I'll keep holding on. Well, let's try a verse. Well, I've been walking through the valley through the valley of tears. Times I've even questioned if my Lord was even had a time that old tempter. He says, "Why not turn around? Cuz you cannot get any further and you're only losing ground." But I'm not leaving. I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown. Well, I keep holding on to those nail scar. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep holding on. Let's try another verse. Oh, would you mind tell me there's something bothering me. Why is it that old devil, he won't just let God's people are his purpose and determin to get right in your way to turn us off from the way of life to lead our souls all together. I'm not giving enough. I'm not turning around. Race of God I wear shine brown. Someday I'm going to be cold till those nails got hand. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep moving [Music] on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. You can be seated for a for a few moments here as we as we bring this to a close. I uh we would like to uh say that we have just thoroughly enjoyed everyone being here. How many's enjoyed the youth camp this year? Amen. We uh I I want to say before we uh the before I make some announcements, you know, I think we're really blessed to have the elders that that support you young people. I wonder just real quickly, uh let's just say the age of 40 and older, stand up to your feet real quick. Amen. Hallelujah. 40 and older. Some of you are lying by sitting still. Amen. Hallelujah. Um, Amen. 40 and0. Now, I want you kids to look around all these these elders that are here to support you. We appreciate we appreciate all of these these elders who appreciate who who have confidence and love in you young people. And um hey, these guys, your your your counselors, uh the ones, the chaperones, the ones that been bringing the drivers, you know, that drove uh many hours uh took time off of their their jobs. Amen. and and sleeping in bunks and and uh to uh you know it it's it's hard when you get older but to have the support from these from from your um your elders in your in your churches communities I say that you are very very blessed. So we appreciate that. I also want to say that we appreciate all of the support from from you ministering brothers whether they're up here. There's there's ministers out there as well. We appreciate it. Amen. And so, um, all of our counselors, just real quickly, all of you counselors, stand to your feet. Amen. Those that were in the dorms, praise the Lord. Give, give these counselors a hand clap. Thank you from the depths of our heart for all of you who have volunteered uh to be a part in in our in in this. And and a lot of these uh counselors uh are are are men and women who put on their own camps and they came down to volunteer to be a part of this here in Oklahoma. And we just say, God richly bless all of you men and women. Amen. Praise the Lord. And um so uh what what what does everyone think of the the new campground here? Y'all like it? And the food wasn't that bad, right? Amen. And so we were all worried about the food. Amen. But uh uh we had some wonderful services and and and we just we thank God for such great men of God such as brother Timothy Puit and brother Andrew uh almost called you Andrew Spencer. Amen. But we appreciate brother brother Andrew and and brother Timothy and the the my my hallelujah. We we we were just so blessed. And you know and and sometimes the guys that get overlooked the most and these are the most sometimes they're the most hated in the church and sometimes they're the most loved in the church. And that's the sound guys. And we appreciate brother Tim Wyers and brother Josh Martin. We appreciate sister Keys back there and brother Nathaniel running the projector and the internet. We say God richly bless you. And what can we say about these wonderful musicians? Amen. So, we're just we're just really blessed. We're really blessed. I I think it's it's it's a great big team effort for us all to come together and um and we appreciate everyone that was here. Now, I I just want to um uh I the lunchtime is is going to be in about another uh 20 minutes. And so, uh I would encourage y'all to go get your stuff out of your dorms and load them up before you go to lunch. It's not the same as as it's been at Camp Crossway. We have got uh all of us including us with music and everything. We have all got to be out of here in a couple of hours. And um that that's going to be that's that's a lot of work uh that we've got to do in a short amount of time. And so I'm asking every one of you I I I know some of you feel special and think you can do it anytime you want, but not this time. You got to go straight to arms. You've got to go over there and pick up every bit of your underwear, every sock. Make sure everything is picked up, put in a bag, and do not the bed. Take it to your van immediately. Do I hear an amen? Say it again. For the blondes in the building, what we're going to do is we're going to leave immediately. There is no special people today. You're going to your Don't laugh because I'm fixing to do it the third time for you brunettes. So, so we we want to go and and get your stuff out of there. All right. So, uh we appreciate it. And another thing is I want you to pick up all of your trash and uh help help us out because you know at Camp Crossway we work till till late in the night cleaning up. We've done all that ourselves and u uh but but this this time here we're we're wanting to leave a good impression on these folks so that maybe they'll let us come back again next year. Y'all think we should try it? Amen. So so uh so let's let's pick up uh our our trash, put them in the trash cans. Uh we'll take care of all that after that. But just just help us out there. All right. Um I I believe that um uh I think that's going to pretty well do us. Am I missing anything? Okay. All right. Well, um we say a great big God bless every one of you. Now, I just wonder just real quick, and I don't know if I should do this or or whether I should or shouldn't. We we we are um well no it's it's I'm just this is a serious question here. Uh we have thought about doing four services instead of six services next year and um uh we would still have the Thursday, Friday, Saturday and then Sunday morning. How many's in favor of six services? Raise your hand. How many's in favor of four services? Raise your hand. Amen. Okay. All right. Well, that didn't really help us out much. Amen. All right. Five, sir. No. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Well, God is so good. Let's stand to our feet here. Amen. We're going to as we dismiss. Amen. We're going to sing and I just want you to uh grab your Bibles and shake one another's hands as you're being dismissed. Amen. We're We're just uh really blessed here this weekend. What are we going to sing, Brother Kobe? We need a toe tapper so they can dance their way to the dorms. To the dorms. There's nothing in the cafeteria right now. Go to the dorms. Amen. Tell your girlfriend by after the dorms. Morning. When I get to my dorm, I am going to pack my bags, load them up in the van to go home. Then I'll go eat my lunch. Well, I fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away. Will I not die? Hallelujah. Young lady, I've got your phone right here. Well, I fly away for glory. I fly away. Well, I must die. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly away with the shadows of this life. [Music] high. Oh yeah. Fly [Music] away. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
