################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - 2025-04-30 Bro Harry Lancaster Give Me A Blessing - Harry Lancaster.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-30
Title:    2025-04-30 Bro Harry Lancaster "Give Me A Blessing"
Speaker:  Harry Lancaster
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT87kmWzuU8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
eyes clear before our eyes. [Music] You give us strength to [Music] pray. When the valley is deep, the mountain lives deep. When the body grows wey, when we stumble and fall, and when the choices are hard. When we've been battered, land scarred. When we've spent our resources, when we've given our all it Jesus name we press [Music] Oh, it's in Jesus name we press on. Dear Lord with the prize clear before our [Music] eyes, we find the strength to press on. and dear Lord with the [Music] prize clear before our [Music] eyes. We find the strength to praise. [Music] broken. [Music] Now I can't feel. I want to run to you with heart wide open. Lord, make me broken. Make me [Music] empty so I can be filled. I've been holding on to my will, but I am complete when you are with me. may be empty until you are desire. Until you are my one true love, until you are my breath, my everything. Lord, please keep making me. Make me lonely so I can be yours. So I want no one more than you, Lord. Cuz in the darkness, I know you will hold me. So make me lonely. Until you are my one desire. Till you are my one true love. Until you are my breath, my everything. Lord, please keep making me Make me broken so I can be healed. I'm so callous. Then now I can't feel but I want to run to you with heart wide open. Lord make me broken. [Music] so I can be filled. I've been holding on to my will, but I am coming. You are with me. Until you are my heart desires to know my love to you. My breath, my [Music] everything. It make me Just praise God for letting us be gathered again here [Music] today. Let's just be prepared to meet him here. Anything can [Music] happen. [Music] Amazing grace, how [Music] sweet that save a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to feel and embrace my [Music] fears relief. [Music] How [Music] precious did that grace appear? [Music] I first [Music] believe no dangerous toys and snares. might have already come. His grace hath brought me safe thus far. And grace will lead me home. When we've been there 10,000 years, bright shineing as the sun. [Music] We've no less days to sing God's praise than when we first [Music] began. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise [Music] God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. God. Praise [Music] God. So many so many times. Question certain circumstances, things I could not understand. And many times in trials, my weakness blurs, my vision, my frustration gets so out of hand. And it's then I am reminded I'm never forsaken. Never had to stand one test alone. Cuz when I look at all the victories, the spirit rises up in me. And it's through the fire my weakness is made [Music] strong. Cuz he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. [Music] And he never offered a victory without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. And just remember when you are standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on and our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire [Music] again. So many times I've questioned certain circumstances and things I could not understand. And many times in trials, my weakness blurs my vision and my frustration gets so out of hand. And it's then I am reminded I've never been forsaken. I've never had to stand one test alone. When I look at all the victories, the spirit rises up in me. It's through the fire my weakness is made strong. Cuz he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. [Music] And he never offered victories without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. And just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. And our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. Just hold on and our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. Praise the Lord. Just thank you all for being here. And there are those of us who are missing on the meetings or just at home feeling sick. There are no prayer requests today, but in our hearts, I know that there's something for everybody. Just ask God what you will. And he said he'll grant you whatever, just whatever you have need of. And if I may, I'd like to ask brother Miguel if you wouldn't mind coming up to pray. Just want to thank God for all he's done for us, especially for [Music] me. Amen. You love him here this evening. Happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. We're just going to be in prayer for everybody. And uh we just bow our heads and our hearts for this evening. Heavenly Father, we love you Lord. Father, you see the requests in the hearts of the people, those that have lifted their hands and they're just coming to service to look for you. I would ask, Lord, that you would grant their hearts desires. And Lord, that you would just be with our friends and family, Lord, that are all traveling and different meetings, different places. Lord, you see the ones that aren't here. God, I just pray that you'd be able to come individually to each need, Lord. You would just touch the hearts of the people. I'd ask that you just bless our speaker here this evening, Lord. That you just be with him, Lord, and you just use him, Lord. And I would just pray that everything that you would have for him bring his remembrance, Lord. And we just pray these things in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Oh to Jesus I surrender [Music] all freely gave and I will ever love and trust him in his presence [Music] daily. I surrender all. And I surrender all and all to thee. My blessed Savior I surrender all and all to Jesus I surrender humbly at his feet I bow. Worldly pleasures all forsaken. Take me Jesus. Take me now. I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all. [Music] All to thee, my blessed Savior I surrender all and all to Jesus I surrender. [Music] Make me savior, holy God. Let me feel the holy spirit truly know that thou are mine. And I surrender all. And I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. and all to Jesus I surrender. Lord I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love and power. Let thy blessing fall on me. I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all and all to thee, my blessed Savior I surrender all. And all to Jesus I surrender now I feel the sacred flame. Oh the joy of full salvation. Glory, glory to his name. And I surrender all. Lord, I surrender all and all to thee. My blessed Savior. I surrender and I just surrender all to him. It's just the truth. I know [Music] that above all powers, above all kings, above all nature and all created things. above all wisdom and all the ways. Men, you were here before the world began. Above all [Music] kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonders this world has ever known. [Music] Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what you're worth. You were crucified, laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall. You thought of me above [Music] all powers above all kings above all nature and all created things above all wisdom. [Music] Praise man. You were here before the world began. Above all wonder, above all [Music] thrones, above all wonderers this world has ever known. [Music] of all wealth in the treasures of the [Music] earth. There's no way to measure what your worth. You were [Music] crucified, laid behind a stone. You live to die. rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall. You thought of me. Above all, you were crucified. Laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose. Trampled on the ground. You took the fall. You thought of me above all like a rose trampled on the ground. He took the fall. He thought of me above all. [Music] [Music] [Music] Lord, I've come to touch your face, just to feel your warm embrace. Come to sin, Lord, like a dove. Touch my heart, Lord, with your love for me. For me. And let your healing waters flow in this place. Let your healing waters flow in this place. You're the giver of life, giving new life. You're the livinging word of God. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Mighty waves of power followed by your grace. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Standing in this place. Even now you're giving grace. We have seen and we believe. It's by faith that we receive. Lord, we receive. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Let your healing waters flow in this place. You're the giver of life. You're giving new life. You're the livinging word of God. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Mighty waves of power follow by your grace. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your [Music] presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Holy Spirit. We are in your [Music] presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. You're the living water. The everflowing fountain, my comfort encounter, Lord. Take complete control. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Word live inside of me. Fill us with the power word live inside of me. So, I'll be [Music] expecting just ready for the word of God to be heard today as we invite brother Harry to come out and bring us God's word [Music] today. Only believe. [Music] Only believe. All things are possible. [Music] Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe you. [Music] Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only [Music] believe all things are possible only. King Lord I believe. Lord, I believe all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I'm And Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. [Music] Praise the [Music] Lord. Those of you that have your Bibles, we'll go ahead and turn to Joshua chapter 15. We want to thank everybody that is stepping up to to cover things while we have so many people out of town and traveling. I appreciate uh brother Caleb stepping up to to lead worship for us and brother all the different brothers stepping up to do the different instruments and run sound and do the different things that that just need to get done so that the service can continue. And um you know we there are always people that are willing to to work and to work for the uh the kingdom of God. And so we just want to say God bless you to all those that are that are stepping up in this time. So uh Joshua chapter 15 we'll start at verse 16. And Caleb said, "He that smiteth Kirjth Sephur, and taketh it, to him will I give Exa, my daughter to wife." And Ael, the son of Kenaz, the brother of Caleb, took it, and he gave him Exa his daughter to wife. And it came to pass as she came unto him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field. And she lied off her ass, and Caleb said unto her, What is thou? Who answered, "Give me a blessing, for thou hast given me a southland. give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs and the nether springs. Let's you all can have your seats and we're going to turn to Judges chapter one as well. Judges chapter 1 and starting at verse 12. And Caleb said, "He that smiteth Kirth Sepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Axon my daughter to wife." And Ael the son of Ken as Caleb's younger brother, took it, and he gave him Axa his daughter to wife. And it came to pass when she came to him that she moved him to ask of her father a field. And she lied from off her ass. And Caleb said unto her, "What wilt thou?" And she said unto him, "Give me a blessing, for thou hast given me a southland, given me also springs of water." And Caleb gave her the upper springs and the nether springs. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this evening, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would just take control of the service, Lord, and these scriptures that we've read, Lord. And Lord, may you just take control of of my words and and what I would say, Lord. Take control of the the hearts and ears of the listener, Lord. And Lord, may you just receive all the the glory from everything that's said, Lord. I pray that you would let something be said that would speak to our hearts, Lord. That would just draw us closer to you, Lord. that would just help us to to be a little more like you when we leave here. Lord, we just thank you for your presence, Lord. And Lord, we lift before you all those that are traveling, Lord. Pray that you would continue to be with them as they're they're on the road, Lord, or those that have already gotten to Virginia, different ones, Lord. Be with all of them in the meetings and bring them back home safely once more. Lord, we love you and we thank you for all that you do for us. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. 2 Timothy chapter 3 verse 16 says, "All scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness." Now, one thing that I have begun to notice in the scriptures is normally if something is said more than once, there has to be some importance to it. Um, I mean, obviously the scripture says everything in the Bible is given for doctrine, for approve, for correction, for instruction. But if God allows it to be said twice, he's trying to bring attention to something. This isn't something that, you know, like we said, anything that's in the scripture is good for instruction, even if it's only said once. But if God allows it to be in there more than once, then maybe it's something that we should look at a little bit. Maybe it's something that we should pay attention to. Now, there are lots of women in the Bible that get talked about. Um, there are lots of women in the Bible that stand out as special because of the role that they had or how God used them and brought them into the seedline of Christ or these different things that we go through. But yet, Axa here is definitely not a major character in the scriptures. Outside of these two portions that we just read, she is mentioned one other time a short passage in 1 Chronicles 2:49 that says, "And the daughter of Caleb was Axa." That's it. That's all that she's mentioned. It's mentioned she's Caleb's daughter. It's mentioned she was offered up as a prize for whoever would take this land. And then it and then in both places we see her coming to her father to make a [Music] request. Now in the kinsman redeemer in 1960, brother Brandham says, "Our heavenly father, I'm so glad today that there is a great high power knowing that God that we can approach through his son Christ Jesus and have an answer to what we ask. As in the past meeting, we were speak on how that men wandered about in sheepkin and goat skin and was destituted looking for a city whose builder and maker was God, knowing if they could ever once approach him, if they could find where he was. As Job of old said, if I could go knock on his door and otherwise if I could find where he is, he abides at, I would go home with him and would talk to him face to face. But there was no way for man to do that because he had sinned and had separated himself and become an alien to God. But through that precious one who came and opened up the way and forgave our sins and bring us before God not as aliens but as children coming to their father knowing that he will grant to us every request that we ask. Only one law is laid down that is if thou can't believe. That is the agreement. Satan claims that we will not believe and God says that we will believe. Now the battle is on and the decision is ours to make. Whichever way our decision is made, that's the way it will be. And it's so wonderfully written, all things are possible to them that believe. And we are believing today, coming approaching thee for divine favor, asking that you will regard our request. And every hand that went up, you know, beneath that hand in their heart what was meant. For it is written that thou dost know the intents and thoughts of the mind and can discern the mind. And we pray God that you'll answer according to your riches and your grace to every request that was mentioned. Now when you look up the definition for blessing, one of the definitions that you can pull out is God's favor and protection. Now Axa had been given to Offnail as a wife after Offnail had taken Kir suffer and she moved on her husband to ask of her father a field a land that they would have of their own and Ael asked that they were given the land but then Axa is looking at this and she realizes this land. It doesn't have water. It's a south land. It's a dry land. There's not necessarily a whole lot that we're going to be able to do with this. Now, I'm going to pull up a couple of volunts to come up here. I need brother Michael and Haven. If both of you will stand up and come up here and everybody's going, "What is happening? What is going on right now? Brother Michael, if you'll just stand right over here. Are we nervous yet, Haven? Just a little. So, brother Michael gets to stand in as Caleb for our little story here for a moment. And so Caleb has given his daughter to this man that was able to to take the city, this this mighty warrior. Andel, as you continue through the scriptures, he actually becomes the first judge of Israel. He rises up when Israel begins to fall away from believing God. When they become oppressed, nail is the one who rises up to push them back, to judge the land, to bring them back to God. Soel is a godly man. He's a godly soldier. So when he took this, Caleb gave his daughter to a good man. This wasn't just some random warrior that happened to stand up and be somehow impressive in the battle. This was a godly man and someone that he had seen raised up. It was his brother's son, which was normal at that time. But so his daughter's been married and now she comes to see her father. And so Haven gets to play this role. And so Ax is coming to her father and she arrives and she gets down off of the donkey that she's rising that she's riding. And the first thing that's recorded, you know, there's no chitchat of, "Oh, hey daughter. how are you doing? Hey, you know what's going on? This, that, or the other. The first thing that happens is Caleb looks out. He sees his daughter coming and he says, "What do you need?" The first thing, there's something about her. There's something about the glint in her eye. There's something about the expression in her face. He knows she's coming for a reason. This isn't just a visit. He's been through this before. His daughter has come to him with requests before. This isn't a strange situation. I can easily see Haven has asked her father for things a few times in her life. I don't think brother Michael is a stranger to Haven coming and saying, "Dad, can I get this?" or "Dad, can we do this?" or dad, can we buy this? Or whatever it might be. I'm sure even as they're standing there, both of them can think of a couple of times that this has happened through their lives. And here Caleb is, and his first thought when he sees his daughter, oh, she wants something, first thing he immediately looks at her and he says, what do you need? and she doesn't try to hemhaw around it. There's no, "Oh, I'm I'm I'm just coming to I'm bringing you coffee. I'm just I just kind of wanted to come hang out with my dad. I just wanted there's none of this. There's none going back and forth around." She's like, "Yes, I have come with a purpose." And she comes and she says, "You've given me a field." Actually, she starts off before she even goes into that. He says, "What do you need?" And she says, "Give me a blessing." And then she goes into the reason. You've given me a field. You've given us a field. Now, I need water for it. So, she's not coming. And she's not coming with a request. You didn't give me enough land. I need more land or I need houses or I need this, that, or the other. But if you pay attention, she comes with the request, you've given me land, but in order for this land to flourish. In order for it to be profitable, in order for me to tend it the way that I should, I need water for it. She's not coming saying, "You didn't give me a big enough tract of land." She's not saying, "I need servants." She's not saying, "I need money." She's coming with a very clear request of in order for what you've given me to succeed. In order for what you've given me to flourish, I also need this. And she comes boldly. Like I said, there are two parts. Dad immediately recognizes she wants something. And she doesn't try to beat around the bush. She goes, "This is what I have need of. give me a blessing. And she's saying in the most respectful way, and no way I might be stating this wrong, she's not coming across as disrespectful. She's not coming across as demanding. She's coming across in a respectful way because this is who she can go to. She didn't go to some random stranger. You guys can go sit down. Thank you. She doesn't go to some random stranger. She doesn't go to some just some random guy who owns the property next door and say, "Hey, I need your spring." She goes to her father to say, "In order for me to make use of what you've given us, in order for me to use the blessing you've already given me, I need this for it to flourish." And Caleb, his response is above and beyond. He doesn't just go, "Great, here's one spring." He goes, "Okay, here's two springs. We'll give you both the upper and the lower. You get both springs so that you have plenty of water for your land." Axa comes boldly to her father with a need, knowing that she'll get an answer. She doesn't come asking something her father can't provide. She doesn't come asking something her father's incapable providing. And she doesn't come asking something that there's no real reason for it. She's not coming just going, "I need more jewelry. There wasn't enough in my dowy. I need more. I need more fancy clothes. I need this." She's going, "We're going I'm going to work the land. We're going to prosper. But in order for that to happen, I need water for the land. I'm going to pick on brother Michael just a little bit longer. Brother Michael happens to be a business owner and brother Michael happens to employ brothers from the church. And so when when brother Michael's praying and asking for God's blessings, asking for more business, asking for people to accept the bids that he's put in or Lord, let me get this project or that project. He's not coming with request, Lord, I just want to make more money. Lord, I want to be rich, that the other. But he's coming saying, "Lord, you've given me these brothers in the church to help provide for. That's the role that you've blessed me with. But in order to do that, I have to have enough work to provide for my family and theirs." It's not making a selfish request. Lord, I just want as much business I can get so I can be rich and go on a vacation every month and drive the nicest cars and this that or the other. It's going, Lord, I need enough work to provide for my family and to provide for the people that you've entrusted me with. You've given them to me for a reason. You've employed them with me for a reason. Whether that's the brothers that he's working with that are in the church or whether that's the other employees he have that it's just he's getting to be a witness in front of or the brothers in the church are getting to be a witness in front of when they work side by side. But he asks for blessings but there's a real reason behind it. Matthew chapter 7 starting at verse 7 it says, "Ask and it shall be given to you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and him that knockketh it shall be opened." Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone? Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent? If ye then being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him. Throughout the scriptures, God tells us to come ask him to come to him and say, "Lord, give me a blessing." But at the same time, I think there's a lesson to be taken here from what we see with Axa. She's not just asking for a blessing for a blessing sake. She's not asking for a blessing simply to try to grow her own importance, grow her own, like I said, grow her own wealth, grow her own power. But she comes asking for the blessing in order to better care for what God has already given her, what her father has already given her. All too often, we can fall into the place where we're coming to God saying, "Lord, I really want this. Lord, I really want this blessing in my life, or I really want this blessing in my life." But we can get into the place where we're asking for a blessing for a blessing's sake. We're asking for a blessing simply because it's something we think we would enjoy or because it's something that we just want to have. We want the newest car. We want the newest electronic. We want the fill in the blank. But yet when we come and we come with a clear purpose and a clear reason going, "Lord, I'm asking for this to better take care of what you've already given me. Lord, you've entrusted me with this. I need this to take care of that." And it's not going, "Lord, I went out and I have a huge loan now so I can have the fanciest truck in the world. Lord, I need a better job so I can now pay for this truck. This isn't going to try to cover an unwise decision, but this is going, God has given you this or entrusted you with this, and now you're saying, Lord, I need this to take care of that. I need this to watch over that. I'm not trying to get a blessing simply to grow my own power, my own authority. But Lord, I'm looking for this blessing in order to continue to take care of what you've given me, of what you've entrusted me with. Genesis chapter 32 and verse 24. And Jacob was left alone, and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh. And the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint as he wrestled with him. And he said, "Let me go, for the day breakth." And he said, "I will not let thee go except thou bless me." Axa came to her father knowing that when she made the request, he would respond. She didn't come with a request thinking, "Oh, my father might turn his back and walk away and won't answer." She also came with the expectation that he would give her what she needed. He didn't come asking. She didn't come asking thinking, "Dad's probably going to say no, but I'm going to ask anyway." But she came asking with an expectation. Jacob, as he was wrestling with the angel, refused to release him until he received the blessing. He knew that he had need of something. He knew that he had need of a change in his life. He knew that he had need of something or otherwise he was going to be killed by his brother the next day. He needed something to change. He needed something because he knew that this was not just any man that he was wrestling with. He knew this was not just any person. And so he grabbed a hold until he got his blessing. He wasn't going to let him go until he had that blessing. In the sermon, as I thought on my ways, brother Brandham said, ' And as Jacob on his way with his wife and his children, he heard a message coming that Esau with a great army was coming to meet him, and he began to think on his ways the way he'd done Esau cheated him, and it drove him to prayer all night long. He wrestled with the angel of the Lord. I trust tonight that men and women, boys and girls, who has neglected the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you don't know how near you are to home. I trust that you'll purpose in your heart that you'll wrestle with the angel of the Lord and not let him go until you're blessed. And in the sermon unchange the unchangeable God in 1960, brother Random says, "And the main thing was that Jacob, he had dreams and visions and so forth, but this was one time he could lay his hand on something and say it's God, and he was able to hold on to it until the blessing came." Oh, if we could do that, if we could find a spot to where we could see God, whether it's in his word, wherever it is, and recognize it's God, and hold on to it until the blessing comes. Wrestle it out with God. God promised to do it. God said if we would seek, we would find. Ask and it shall be given. Knock and it'll be opened. Every word is true. When Jacob got a hold of something that he could look at, hold to with his hands. And seeing that it was God, he would not turn it loose. Let's turn to Esther Esther chapter 5. Esther chapter 5 and starting at verse one. Now it came to pass on the third day that Esther put on her royal apparel and stood in the inner court of the king's house over against the king's house. And the king sat upon his royal throne in the royal house over against the gate of the house. And it was so when the king saw Esther, the queen standing in the court, that she obtained favor in his sight. And the king held out to Esther the golden scepter that was in his hand. So Esther drew near and touched the top of the scepter. Then said the king unto her, "What wilt thou, Queen Esther? And what is thy request? It shall be even given thee to the half of the kingdom. Esther had gone through a time of prayer, a time of fasting to prepare for this because she knew that according to the law, if the king didn't extend the scepter, then she would die. But yet at the same time, she came with boldness with her request. And the king knew that she was coming for a reason. She He knew the law, too. People didn't come into his presence uninvited for no reason. If they were willing to risk dying, it better be important. And so the king knew for her to come into his presence that way that she wanted something that she had a request on her heart that she was seeking a blessing. And so he extends the scepter. And then he asks, "What do you need? What wilt thou? I'll give anything to you up to half my kingdom." Don't ask small. Ask boldly. Ask whatever you have need of. We come into the presence and we don't have to come in when we come to the Lord concerned like Esther that maybe God's going to put us to death for coming into his presence. Esther had to push past the fear to go in. She had to go in with prayer and fasting because she was afraid that she would die. We as the bride of Christ have a husband that wants us to come into his presence. He invites us into his presence. He wants to spend time with us. He wants to spend time conversing. He wants to spend time letting us get to know him. But all too often we take that privilege a little too lightly. It becomes something where, as some would say, we almost start to treat God as a vending machine. We only come to him to push the buttons to get our requests answered. Uh Lord, I need to order that item. I really want a Pepsi today. I want a Seven Up today. I want a Snicker bar today. This, that, and the other. Lays potato chips. Whatever it might be. But yet as we go through these case in the Bible, whenever someone comes in for a blessing and for a request, they're not coming in to this lightly. Axa came to her father expecting an answer and expecting to receive, but she came in still being respectful. still making sure, hey, this is my father. I'm going to treat him the right way, and I'm going to give him a reason for what I'm asking. Jacob, as he's wrestling, goes, I have need of this blessing. I will not let go. I will keep fighting until I'm able to get it. Esther goes through the fear, goes through the threat of death because she has an urgent request. And the king, her husband goes, "Just tell me what you need. Up to half my kingdom, I'll give it to you." We serve a God that wants to give us the blessings. He wants to take care of us. But he still wants us to approach him, to approach him with boldness, to approach him with honor, to approach him with respect, to approach him with requests that are after his heart. We're not coming in asking simply because this is what I want. But if we're the bride of Christ and we're living out a life, living out the life of Christ within us, then we're bringing a request to God that's exactly what he wants us to ask. Cuz I'm coming with his desires already in my heart. I'm coming wanting the same thing that he wants to give me. This isn't us sitting here going, "Hey, we're the bride and so all of us should now be millionaires because we have this wonderful prosperity gospel where we get everything that we want." But this is going, I'm coming to my heavenly father because I know that he'll give me the good gifts that he'll give me the things I truly need and he won't give me the things that I don't need. And we can I can go to my heavenly father and I can make the request and he's never going to tell me no because he can't afford it. I expect there are plenty of times that any father or mother here has had to tell their child no for something. Not because we wouldn't have wanted to give it to them, but because at that moment we didn't have the funds. We didn't have the finances. Now, there are plenty of times we tell our kids no because they don't need it. We know they don't need it. Whether they understand that or not, we know it's not something that they should have. But there are plenty of other times where they ask for something and in your heart you're going, "Oh, I wish I could. I wish I could give that to you. I wish I could afford that right now." And depending on the age of the child, you might not be able to explain. We just we've got to wait for next payday. We've got to wait for whatever. I can't afford that right now. We never get told no by our heavenly father for that reason. We're never getting told no on a blessing because God doesn't have enough in the bank for him to write the check. He doesn't have enough to provide. God never says no for that reason. But God knows what we truly need. God knows what we need in order for us to continue to grow, to continue to mature. And so, he'll tell us no for the things that he knows are going to do more harm than good. He'll tell us no for the blessings we request. That that's not really what my heart is. That's not really what you need to have. [Music] In the sermon, the church choosing law for grace. Brother Brandham praying says, "Our heavenly father, we are approaching thy throne of grace, not thy throne of justice. Lord, we could not stand it. We do not ask for justice. We'd be lost, but we ask for grace, and we come because thou bid us to come. And we have the promise that we will receive what we ask for if we'll come boldly, not doubting, and ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus. For it is written, "Whatever you do in word or deed, do it all in the name of Jesus." He said himself while on earth, "If you if you ask the father anything in my name, I'll do it." And we are sure that we get what we ask for. For we come in faith believing with all that's in our heart to believe with it in Jesus name for grace and mercy and courage to surround us tonight. And give us a great portion of thy spirit in our hearts as we need it. Give faith to those who raised their hands and I am one of them for the request that was in our hearts that we will believe with all our hearts that you will grant our requests for we commit the service and ourselves to you to do with us as you see fit as we approach the word to preach it. Let the Holy Spirit come and anoint the words and plant them in the heart of us all for we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Hebrews chapter 4:16 says, "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need." Philippians 4 6-7 says, "Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God, and the peace of God which passeth all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. Give me a blessing. Scriptures say that if we as humans can give our children good gifts, how much more will the heavenly father give us a good gift? Once again, he's looking at it through the eyes of the father going, "Yes, this is something that will benefit them, that will help them grow, that will help them mature." or he's looking at something going, "No, that's going to make them spoiled brats. They don't need that. This is going to make them too reliant on this or too reliant on that instead of trusting me the way that I they should." We can go through time and time again with the scriptures telling us and reminding us to come to God with boldness with our requests. to come to him as the loving father. To come to him and expect an answer. And then we as the children, as we as the bride need to have that expectation that we'll receive an answer and also be willing to accept when God tells us no. For some reason, when he looks at it and he tells us no, we have to step back and go, "All right, Lord. Obviously, I was looking at this wrong somehow. Even if I was coming in with what I thought was a a pure heart on it, that I thought I was coming in with the right reason. I thought I was asking for something to help care for these other blessings. I thought I was asking with the right purpose behind it. Lord, help me to see through your eyes. Help me to see it the same way that you do. help me to have the same heart that you do so that I can accept and and move forward with the answer that you're giving me. But also, we can't fall into the trap of going, "All right, well, Lord, those are the small things. They're not worth asking about. They're not worth bothering you about. Or maybe I don't want to ask for this because I'm afraid God will say no. So I'd rather just not. God wants us to come. God wants us to be asking. God wants us to be bringing our requests to him. And God will use those requests to test us. God will use those requests to test our hearts to see, are we really asking for for good reasons? The example I talked about with brother Michael earlier. If brother Michael spending all his time praying, Lord, I just want my business to grow. I just want it to get more successful. I just want to be able to make more money. And he's never thinking about what's been entrusted to him. He's never been thinking about how do I care for those under me. It's just about do the numbers at the end look bigger and better. And I'm not picking on brother Michael because I know anything about his prayer life. He just happens to be a good illustration right now. But if it's all about I want a bigger company, I want to be more successful. I want to be I want I I I I God's probably not going to send a whole lot that direction. God's wanting us to come in with the same desires that he has, with the same wants that he has. We're coming in with the request Hey, right now I'm going through the season. I'm going, Lord, you've entrusted me with a wife and five children. Lord, I need to be able to provide for them. Lord, I'm not asking for a job to make a million dollars a year. I'm asking for enough to provide because that's what you've given me. That's what you've entrusted me. I'm asking for the well, the spring of water to be able to water the lands that you've given me. And each one of us have those types of things in our lives where we look at and go, Lord, this is what you've given me. This is what you've entrusted me with. You've entrusted me with this responsibility or this gift in my life or this talent or this ability. Lord, how do I water that? How do I use that, Lord? If you've given me a gift of music in some sort, how do I develop this for you? Lord, I don't If you've got a voice to sing, Lord, how do I how do I develop this for your glory? Lord, I don't want to go off to Nashville and become some big music star, but Lord, I do want to give you my best. And if you've given me a talent or an ability to sing, how do I make that better for you? If you've given me the ability to pray, if you've given me the talent to be a prayer warrior, Lord, how do I dive deeper into that? How do I surrender it more to you? How do I develop it more? Lord, if you've given me an ability to make money, I've known some people like that that it seemed like, the way my mom would describe it, seemed like they had the mightest touch. Every business they touched flourished. Well, that's the ability you've been given. Wonderful. How do you allow God to use that? I know there are those around the world that God has given that ability to make money who then turn around and give so much to ministries or give so much to missionaries or do those things because they're not trying to hoard up huge bank accounts. They're not trying to make themselves be so comfortable. The Lord didn't give me that gift. But whatever gift it is that God's given you, if he's given you a gift of being able to connect with people, being able to build relationships, being able to be diligent in your work, to be attentive to the details, to be there's so many different things that God can put in your life and go this is what makes you special and sometimes the world will look at it and go that's not really a talent but yet that's got how God wired you that's how God made you and that's what God put in you and we need to be willing to come like Axa going Lord you've entrusted this to me because this is how you made me you've given me this gift or you've given me this ability Lord Maybe I don't even know what the spring is that I need to water my field. But Lord, you do. And Lord, right now I'm coming to you and I'm asking for that nameless spring because I maybe I don't know. Maybe it's there's some sort of class somewhere. Maybe it's I just need to spend time with another brother or sister that they have the gift of being able to pour into someone else. Maybe it's I'm waiting for the Lord to lead me to that spring. We have these fields that God has already given us, already entrusted in our lives and we can boldly come and say Lord I need something to help this field flourish. And I'm not coming asking Lord I want you to raise me up on high and I want my name in lights and I want everyone to know me and but it's Lord you've entrusted this to me already. You've given this to me for a reason and we just so left the physical side of the world for a little bit. Lord, you've given me this talent in my life. You've given me this gift. You've given me this calling. And Lord, I don't know how to develop it. I think there are plenty of times in our lives where we sit there and we go, Lord, I don't know how to do anything with this. You've put this in me for some reason, and I don't know what to do with it now. And this is the moment when we can come to the Lord and go, "Hey, Lord, Father, I need some springs for this field. I don't know what the name of the spring is. I don't know where the spring's located. All I know is I need some water. I need some water so this field can grow. I need some water so this field can prosper. this field that you've already given me. You know, I look at some of the different teenagers that are coming up and they're moving into the point of life where they're looking for careers or they're looking for a future spouse or they're trying to figure out where God's leading them. You know, I'm at the point where I'm having fun watching my oldest start to go through those kind of questions and try to figure out what is it that God has designed him for? What what's the purpose God has in his life? Where is it that he's being called to go? You know, I look at Connor over there as he's trying to figure out, okay, what's the career in my life? Where what direction am I supposed to go? What am I supposed to do? Dylan and Jonah, as they're figuring things out, sure, they're working electrical right now. Is that what God has for them for their whole life? Maybe. Brother Michael says, "Yes, it might be. They might be supposed to be electricians for the rest of their life. Or it might be that they're electricians for a season and God has something that he's moving them towards. Austin just got married. He's doing the same thing. He's got electrical going right now. And more than likely, if you were to ask him, he's like, "This is how I'm going to provide for my family. this is it and that might be. But it also might be for a season. But each one of these as they're going through these periods and going through these times and in a world where so many people get so wrapped up and so worried about trying to find their dream job, trying to find their dream whatever that they're going for we as children of God are sitting there going, "Okay, Lord, you've entrusted us this field. This is what I'm supposed to care for. And Lord, I need a spring. I need a spring so that I can let this field grow, let this field prosper. that may not ever lead me to wealth and fame or anything like that, but if it can lead me to the satisfaction of knowing that God is using me and God is using the gifts that he's placed in my life and that I'm using them for him in whatever position he's put me in, A week or so ago, I was talking with brother Ken about all the different jobs that he's been through and the different career changes that he had to go through. And just in talking to him and listening to him as I was able to pick up, he has some skill and some talent for organization, for understanding the way the processes move forward. He worked in parts and worked in factories and worked different things. And so he has a mind that lines up things in an orderly manner that keeps things structured and keep things organized. And each time that he would lose a job, and it's easy to point all this out now because it's way past when it happened. We're looking, you know, hindsight's 2020. He can look at it. And it's great to listen to his testimony. He goes, "Yeah, they were firing all these people. They were up. They had one more person they needed to fire and it ended up being me. You know, I was in this I was at this job. I'd been doing good however long. And then they had to let some people go. Well, the boss's brother or the boss's son or whatever, he got to keep the job. I got laid off." But each time that would happen, he would get led into another job that allowed him to use those skills and talents and he would be able to move up. He would be able to show and exercise what God had placed in him and he would be able to succeed. Now, in no way did it mean that brother Ken became rich and famous. Boy, such a woman was quick to shake her head on that one. But he was able to provide for his family and the Lord kept opening up the doors that he needed. I'm on the flip side of it. where I'm sitting there waiting for the Lord to open the next door for me. But yet, I can look at Brother Ken's testimony and go, "Okay, the Lord has shown himself faithful. The Lord was willing to answer the request and give him the blessings that he needed to be able to keep taking care of the family, to be able to keep providing, to open up that next opportunity, and to open up opportunities that allowed him to keep using those talents that he had in his life. He wasn't having huge changes where he went from, I succeeded in this business and then I went over and I did this instead. But God kept him where the skills and abilities that he had could continue to be expressed, could continue to be practiced, could continue to be used. And for our young people as they're coming up and they have all these questions about life and they have all these questions about what am I supposed to be doing? What is God calling me to do? And a lot of times I know we can all remember or probably most of us at least can remember being that age going Lord I don't have any talents. I'm not good at anything. I don't know what you're doing for with me. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. And maybe they're at the stage where they can't even identify the field they've been given yet. Maybe they don't know what that first blessing is that's in their life. But yet still, we can take what God has given us. And we can boldly come before the throne and go, "Lord, I want to better care for this. Lord, I want this to be able to grow. I want this to be able to bloom. I want this to be able to flourish." For husbands, we have our wives that we've been entrusted with. And part of our role is to provide and to care for and to help her bloom and flourish where she's at. Our wives don't have careers where they're going out and they're building a big name in the business community. A lot of times they're unrecognized to the world as they're sitting at home dealing with the stress of schooling the kids and cleaning the house and cooking the food. And why do the kids fight every moment? Why did something get broken again? Why did this happen? Why did that happen? And yet we're supposed to be coming behind and going. Let me help you flourish where you're at. Let me help you find those springs so that you can bring out the talents that are within you. So that you can bring out the abilities that God has put inside you. Because God's made you for a purpose as well. God's made each one of us for a purpose and given each one of us special talents for a reason. God doesn't make junk. God doesn't make something for no reason. God doesn't make something for no purpose. And we come before God and we go, "God, I need a blessing. I need a blessing in order to keep growing. I need a blessing in order to make use of what you've already given me. We don't come asking to be rich or famous. We don't come asking to be so wealthy. We don't come asking to be recognized around town and everybody knows my name and this that or the other. But we come seeking the blessing to take care of what God's already given us. [Music] We come boldly before the throne knowing that our husband will answer, knowing that our father will answer. Knowing that he will provide what we need, knowing that he will provide, even when we look at it and go, Lord, I don't know how you're going to do this. I don't know how you're going to provide in this situation. But Lord, I still know that you're able. I still know that you never tell me no because you don't have enough money in the account. You always will provide. It may not be quite like I expected. May not be quite like I wanted, but you will still provide what I need. You will still give me the blessing that I need in my life. As the musicians [Music] come, this is a little bit of a lengthy quote, but my father-in-law sent this to me the other day, and this kind of got me started looking in the direction I went tonight. It's in the sermon, Be Certain of God, January 25th, 1959. Brother Brandham says, "Have you in need today? Have you in need greater than you're physically able to obtain? Is the money so low that you can't pay your rent? Is the children wanting new shoes and you ain't got the money to buy them? Is the barrel empty at your house and the crew is about to run dry? You can't buy feed for your stock and there's something wrong. Remember, he made a promise. Are you sick and the doctor says that you need an operation? You haven't got the money to do it. You have a need. Are you a sinner? Is your need great knowing if God should call today, you'd be lost? Are you a backslider running from God and you know you belong to some church, but you know you're not right? Your own conscience tells you according to the word that you're not right and you have a need. Don't let these words fall on thorny grounds or on rocks, stony hearts. May they fall in good, fertile soil. If you're sick and the doctor says you can't get well and you promise God that you'll serve him all the days of your life and you're certain that he is God, come meet his requirement. If you have a need, if you have a need, will you first do as much as to raise your hand to God that you have a need of something? God bless you. Let us pray. Oh Lord, just as certain as I'm in this pulpit this morning, I know that there could not be one of those hands go up without you knowing it. for thou art God. You said, "Is not so many sparrows sold for two farings? How much more are you than a sparrow?" How much more did you see the hands of those mortal beings in which your son Jesus died for? How much more did you see their hands than you would a sparrow if it fell this morning? I suppose for a dozen sparrows wouldn't sell for a penny this morning because no one wants them. There'd be the trouble of burying them, but you know every one of them. You know every feather that's in their body. You know every hair that's on our head. Oh Lord, answer prayer. Let them be certain this morning that you are God and it's your spirit. May the dullness and glamour of this modern-day religion drop away from them saying, "Oh, I belong to certain such church. God, may that fade from their mind right now in this one moment. May they catch a glimpse of eternal life." And then they'll seek and hunger for it to know what God is. And they're certain that he is. He keeps his word. To the sinner, may they repent quickly. Make ready for baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. And you promised you'd give them the Holy Ghost. You said it, Lord. You keep your promise. There's a backslider that's certain you are God, and they've wandered away. May they come today because you said, "Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be white as snow. Red like crimson, they'll be white like wool." And if there's those who are sick, may they realize that you're God. You keep your word. You must keep your word. As they lay themselves with their oil, the spirit that's in them that's confessing they believe. And then also with the word, the bread of life that's went forth, Christ ground up in them in the Old Testament, in the New Testament to show that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. May they mix that word with the oil spirit that they've got. Then stand to their feet at the altar saying, "This is all I got, Lord. I bring it. Oh, how you'll multiply it. How it'll call the God of history on the scene. How it'll make Jehovah rise with a heart swelling that I got a child that'll obey me. I've put him through the test and he proves that he loves me and he believes me. He is certain that I am. For it is said, he that cometh to God must believe that he is and a rewarder of those that diligently seek after him. Grant at this hour as we commit to [Music] you. And now when we have our heads bowed and those that are in need of anything, would you stand to your feet that wants to place now? If you're not certain that he is God, if you're certain he is God, is going to keep his promise, salvation, healing, whatever it is, if you're certain that he's God, stand to your feet. If you got someone else you want to pray for, stand to your feet. If you're certain that he's God, make your request known in the assemblies of the saints. You're doing it as you stand to your feet. I'm certain he is God. I believe that he keeps his word. And I'm sure that my request, I'll lay it under the blood right now. If you do that, lay every sin. Sin is unbelief. You might be a church member, but I'm meaning sin, your unbelief. You're laying it down as a sacrifice. You're going to sacrifice. You're coming to the cross. You're going to sacrifice now all your unbelief and give it over to him and know that he is and you're certain he's got to answer. If you're of that, raise up your hand. Remain that way. Let's all stand. Each one of us are going through different situations in our lives. Each one of us have requests. Each one of us have situations that need to be dealt with. Each one of us have questions to be answered. Each one of us have concerns. Each one of us have problems. Or maybe we just need a refilling, a fresh touch. Maybe we just need that confirmation to know [Music] that our father is still looking at us and our father is still going to answer when we come before him with the requests. Every head bowed [Music] tonight. As brother Brandham said, if you have a request on your heart, put your hand up. If you have a request, lift it up before God. You don't need to come to the altar. You don't need to speak it into my ear or say anything to any human ear. But if you have a request, if you have a need, if you have something on your heart, it could be for you, it could be for a family member, it could be for a [Music] friend, you lift that request up before the father. You come before him with [Music] boldness. And the father looks at you and he says, "What do you have need of?" The father looks at you and says, "What is your request? Up to half of my kingdom I will give to you." [Music] We know that God would bankrupt heaven to save [Music] one. And whatever the request is, whatever the desire is that's on your [Music] heart, God is still here to answer. Be sure that he's God. Be sure that he's your heavenly father. And if you are sure in your [Music] heart that God is and God is your [Music] father, then we can come to him with boldness. There's no reason we have to hold back and go, "I can't ask this request." But God wants us to. God wants us to put him to the test. He wants us to bring our needs and requests before him. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence tonight, Lord. Lord, after reading some scriptures, Lord, and Lord, reading the words of your prophet, Lord, we lift our hands, Lord, as we come before you with the requests that are on our hearts, Lord. Lord, the needs that each one of us have. Each one of us are in different situations. Each one of us are going through different things, going through different struggles and different different tests and problems in life. But Lord, you still said and you still [Music] promised that anything that we pray in the name of Jesus that you would hear. [Music] Lord, you promise that if we ask that you will answer. That if we knock you will open. That if we seek we will find. [Music] Lord, we're not coming in [Music] with a prosperity gospel. Lord, we're not coming in thinking that we'll suddenly be wealthy and we'll have all the things of the world around us. But Lord, we're coming to you with the boldness of of a child of God that Lord, we have needs. We have fields in our lives that need to be watered. And Lord, we need the springs to be able to water them, to be able to help them to grow, to help them to flourish. Lord, we have lots of loved ones that are out that are not living for you. And Lord, we need you to go out and get them, Lord. Lord, we have questions in our heart that needs answered. We have trials and problems and things we're facing that we need you to step in and handle, Lord. Lord, we have sicknesses in in our bodies or we have loved ones that are that are battling that Lord, we need your healing touch right now. [Music] Lord, it's an awesome thing that we can walk into the presence of the [Music] King and that you'll look at us and that you'll say, "What do you have need of? What is your [Music] request?" Lord, we thank you for the access that we have to your throne. Lord, we thank you for the access that we have to you to be able to bring you these earthly requests, Lord. Lord, if we have any sin in our lives, any unbelief in our lives, Lord, we pray that you would help us to lay it down, Lord. Help us to sacrifice it at your altar, Lord, and to lift the requests before you. Lord, we walk away from this service tonight expecting to hear great things, Lord. expecting to hear praise reports about how you moved in different situations, how you moved to answer questions, how you moved to to fix problems, to heal [Music] diseases, because Lord, we know that you can handle every situation that comes along, Lord. There is nothing too big for you, Lord. And Lord, we thank you and we just praise your name for it. Lord, we pray that you would accept our praise for a few moments. Lord, may we just enjoy being in your presence at this time, Lord. We just love you and we thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] and I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me Lord and I will go. Lead me Lord I will follow. Lead me Lord I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me Lord and I will go. Lead me Lord and I will follow. Lead me Lord. I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me, Lord, and I will go. Praise the Lord. She sing another song. Lord, I give you my heart. This is my father. This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my [Music] Lord, have your way in me. This is my desire to honor you, Lord. With all my heart I worship [Music] you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in [Music] you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. I'll continue to keep everyone in prayer that's traveling. Keep the meetings in Virginia in prayer. We also have our fundraiser weekend coming up uh Friday and Saturday. First off, pray for good weather. Pray that the sun stays out and the rain stays away. As brother Michael said, it can dump on Sunday. Just we need the the ground to dry out a little bit. We need some nice sunshiny weather. And then just pray that the Lord bless the fundraiser. Continue to remember the services on [Music] Sunday and just continue to pray for one another throughout the week. Let's go to uh C. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. [Music] He's got it all in control. He placed that reassur out in my soul. He's got it all in control. [Music] I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. Every road I travel I know is in his plan. [Music] I put my life in his hands. He knows what I need. My father knows what I need. No matter what I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. He's got it all in control. You may all dismiss yourselves. Lord bless you all. And Lord willing, we'll see you on Friday and Saturday for the sub fundraiser and on Sunday for service again. In my soul, he's got it all in control. I put my life in his hands. [Music] Every road I travel I know is in his plans. I put my life in his hands. [Music] My father knows what I need. [Music]
