################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - 2025-06-25 Bro Wendall Martin Church Age Book #42-No Word, No Power, No Purpose, No Satisfaction - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   2025-06-25 Bro Wendall Martin "Church Age Book #42-No Word, No Power, No Purpose, No Satisfaction"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE8Oq4nGHEw
========================================

[Music] is heaven to me. Oh Lord, your praise is heaven to me. [Music] and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst for you in the desert of my fountain that I see. You're the living. [Music] I hunger and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst for you. My hunger and thirst for you. Heaven's men of bread and life. Fill the emptiness inside. Nothing else like you do. [Music] I hunger and food for you. I hunger and for you. I hunger and thirst for you. [Music] I hunger and thirst for you in theert of my fountain that I see. You're the living water I keep running. I hunger and thirst. for you. I hunger and thirst for you, Lord. I hunger and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst for you. Heaven's a bread of life. Fill this empty. Nothing else can satisfy me like you do. [Music] I hunger and thirst for you. My hunger [Music] for you. [Music] I want to see you. [Music] I want to see you [Music] open the eyes of my heart. Lord, won't you open the eyes of my heart? I want to see you. [Music] I want to see you to see you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. [Music] Pour out your power and love and we sing holy, holy, holy. We sing holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Is that your prayer? Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. [Music] I want to see you. to see you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your gloryy. Pour out your power in love as we sing holy, holy, holy, [Music] holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. [Music] I want to see you. Amen. Is that your desire tonight? Let's uh start the service off by opening up in a word of prayer for the Merurl. Would you mind coming up? And we have a a couple requests here. Um just a she's recovering from a gallbladder surgery. So if we can just remember her in prayer and and Patrick, I think he had a heat stroke yesterday or something like that. So just remember him in prayer and continue to pray for brother Donald as he heals from his open heart surgery. And then just keep Grandpa in your prayers too. So how many believers we have in the building? Amen. Let's go to him in prayer. Heavenly Father, we love you, Lord, and we thank you for giving us grace and mercy and faith to believe, Lord, your promises, Lord. no matter how uh outrageous they seem to be or how uh impossible they seem to be. Amen. We know all things are possible to them that believe and with God all things are possible. Amen. So Lord, we come before your throne as your sons and daughters, Lord. Though tired in body, our spirit is willing. Flesh is weak, Lord. and which breaks down Lord as we get older Lord especially Lord and as many among us Lord that uh that are up there in years Lord and Lord their their bodies Lord are failing Lord as mine is Lord and Lord we lift each other up Lord that you would look upon the need of your children to tonight and and perform them miracles tonight Lord Lord, we're just in believing, Lord, that you would in you that he can, as the scripture says, looking into him that can do above all that we can ask or even think, Lord. And you're the author and finisher of our faith, Lord. We ask you to bless brother Donald, Lord, recovering from his procedure, Lord. We pray for sister Thelma and her gallbladder procedure, Lord, that you would strengthen her in body and health and healing, Lord. We pray for brother Duran, Lord, who just walking him coming watching him come into the building tonight, Lord, just just one little step after another, Lord, that that just such encourages me, Lord. It should encourage each and every one of us, Lord. If someone, you know, that's suffering from Parkinson's, Lord, can come to your house, we have no excuse, Lord, we come sincerely, Lord, asking you to to to meet every need tonight, Lord. Just just be in everything we say and do, Lord, and just reveal to us what you'd have us to know. Accept our praise and our worship, Lord, and bless the man of God as he comes tonight. We ask all these things in your lovely name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Just step out in the aisle and and greet your neighbor. [Music] When the saints go marching in, when the saints go maring in, oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring in. I'm a pilgrim and a stranger wandering through this world of sin. On my way to V city. When the saints go marching in. When the saints go marching in, when the saints go maring in, oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go maring in, oh, I know I'll see my Savior if my life is free from sin. [Music] Heaven's doors will open for me when the saints go maring in. [Music] When the saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go marching in. When we gather around the throne and the gates are closed with him, I'll be shouting glory, glory. When the saints go maring in. When the saints, go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring in. I am waiting for my chariot to swing low and I'll step right in. On the clouds I'll ride to heaven. When the saints go maring in. When the saints go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring. Amen. Are you one of those saints? I won't go back. [Music] I've been changed. [Music] Freed, delivered. I found joy, [Music] peace, grace, and favor. [Music] Right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. I've been changed and I've waited. I've waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by. [Music] I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. for your presence came and changed me. And I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. All my shame, guilt, My sins, they're all forgiven. No more chance. [Music] Fear my past. Is your past over tonight? It's now over. Right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. [Music] I've been changed. [Music] And I've waited. I've waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass me by. I won't go back. Tell Satan tonight to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed me. And I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. [Music] I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. [Music] And I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Let's sing that again as our our brother Sam Fiser brings his special. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. And I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Amen. [Music] [Music] It's the Lord tonight. Amen. [Music] See if I can remember the words of this song. I hope it's a blessing. [Music] Acres of D [Music] mountains of gold, rivers of silver, [Music] jewels untold. Oh, [Music] but all these together wouldn't buy you or me. [Music] Peace when we're sleeping. [Music] or a conscience that's free. A heart that's contented, [Music] a satisfied mind. [Music] These are the treasures [Music] money can buy. [Music] But if you have Jesus, there's more wealth in your soul. Oh, [Music] then acres of diamonds [Music] or mountains of gold. A heart that's contented. [Music] a satisfied mind. [Music] These are the treasures [Music] money can buy. But if you have Jesus, there's more wealth in your soul than acres of diamonds [Music] or mountains of gold. [Music] Oh, then acres of diamonds [Music] or mountains of gold. Amen. Did you enjoy that? [Music] Jesus. He's the greatest gift gift of all. Amen. I have found a place that I can call my own. Here in your embrace, where your mercy overflows. [Music] It's here that all my doubts and fears just melt away. I lay my burdens down as I look upon your face. [Music] You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary [Music] when I'm feeling afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. When the storm is raing, underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. [Music] I have found a place I can call my home. Here in your embrace, where your mercy overflows. It's here that all my doubts and fears just melt away. I lay my burdens down as I look upon your face. [Music] You are my refuge. [Music] You are my sanctuary when I'm feeling afraid. You are my hiding place. You are my refuge. When the storm is raging, underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Amen. Amen. Goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing the goodness of God. Love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In the darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath I am able I have lived in the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrendered now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good with every breath. And I am aable. I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's sing that again. as the man of God makes his way out. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. Sing that first verse. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head sing of the goodness of God. [Music] [Music] All my life was with every breath that I [Music] will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you've got a song? [Applause] What a song it is. What a what a wonderful thing it is to the Lord. Amen. I remember that song Sister Rebecca used to sing. God loves to hear you sing. Amen. When when things waves are crashing around you. Amen. and storms of fiery darts around you. Yeah. He loves to hear you sing because we're anchored not in the situation. We're anchored in his word. And truly, he is good to us here tonight. And good to see everyone here. Good to have this young man from Josh Bennett's church. Amen. God bless you. [Applause] You guys enjoy us singing. Amen. and guitar playing. Praise the Lord. And so, uh, we're sure we're sure glad to to have you here with us. So, how long are you in Oklahoma? Till Friday. Okay. All right. Well, good to good to have you here. And, uh, just good to see uh, see everyone here. Good to see sister Stacia back there. Amen. Missed her. [Applause] And you know, uh, I guess I can say this. I I I I hugged Bosow's neck the other day and I and and I said, "Who would have ever thought you and I would hug necks?" Amen. And it's been so good to have Bos. This is Patrick's dad. and uh uh and I mean that with from my heart. It's just so good to have you uh in our services and um uh just just a real real blessing. Patrick, I I've told you I'm just really proud of you and uh just just really proud. Amen. And so, um, we're just we're we're just, you know, we're it's about time to go home. And God is God's just, you know, getting all lighting all of our fires and getting us getting us ready to go. Amen. Let's let's look here in um we're going to start reading tonight in 1 Corinthians the 5th chapter. And um um we uh can y'all hear me okay out there? Um we are thankful to um to the Lord for what he has uh done brought Sister Thelma through her surgery and um and so we're we're thankful for that and she was u I think she's going to feel a lot better. So, we want to continue to pray for her. I think she may get out tomorrow and um we'll see how that goes. And um and we're thankful for what God's done for brother Donald. Um you know, I I went to visit him today and actually um I offered to go pick up some medication for him and and um had a little bit of problems with his insurance and communication between the doctor and the and the pharmacy. And so I offered to go to Tulsa to pick it up for him and and uh he just jumped in the car and and uh we uh my wife and and he and Angie we rode down there together and he it it will be u a week tomorrow that uh um that Huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. A week a week yesterday. And so, uh, up he he opened his door getting in and out of the car and everything. And that's a major surgery. And so, we're just thankful to the Lord. Um, he says he's he's but he's he's had a problem sleeping, the medications and things there. That's we're trying to get that all figured out, but he has not been able to sleep hardly at all. And so, I want us to pray that God will allow him to just give him a really good night's rest tonight. And I think that'd be wonderful. Let's let's look here in in 1 Corinthians 5 and 7. When read two verses, purge out therefore the old leaven that ye may be a new lump as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us. Therefore, let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leavenven of malice and wickedness, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. Amen. Now um and then 2 Corinthians 2 and17 it says we are not as of as as many which corrupt the word of God but as of sincerity as of God in the sight of God we speak Christ. And so the the reading tonight in the church age book is going to be sincerity to the word of the Lord. And I I I gave it a long title. Amen. Are y'all ready? This is what we're This This is going to be the nut and nut and bolts of it. Amen. There's no if there's no word, there's no power, there's no purpose, no satisfaction. And so, we're going to read tonight in the church age book. Now, if y'all remember the last time we read, we brother Brandham gave a glorious uh review of the church and what what we are and what the where we stand today, the authority of the church. But then he's going to show us this week, amen, on the on on those who have dismissed the word become a powerless church. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you today for your loving kindness, your tender mercies. We thank you for your word of promise. Thank you for predestination for calling us and ordaining us before the foundation of the world. Now Lord, we just ask that you would speak to our hearts as we read the church age book tonight and just ask Lord that your blessings would be with us and upon us. Father, we'll give you glory and honor in Jesus name we pray. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Um, all right. So, uh, does anyone have an extra church age book for our friend here? So, you got a church age book? All right. Um, so, um, now I think I think the the leatherbound books are going to be who's who's got the leatherbound or the the red books? Um, do you know do you know that we're on we're on page Okay. Well, well, that's where we're going to start. So, my we're going to start at the messenger of to the Leoysan age. Huh? Okay. So, so in your book that'll be 387. In my book, it's going to be 338. So, those of you who have now um to sort of set to to sort of set your thoughts a little bit tonight uh for what I uh I want us to look at as far as as the um um sincerity, y'all remember the vision that that the prophet had um where he fell into the vision where he he he seen the a map of Palestine. and um he was looking into the promised land coming down to the Jordan River. It was coming into the word. This was just before the opening of the word, the the opening of the seals. And and so he says he was looking across and he says, "Oh, praise God. Uh there's where all the promises lay." And then in the vision, then it went from that and and he he was on a he was on a narrow highway with with with some brother and um and and and he said it it looked like everyone was all afraid and and and he was wondering what what was what was um what's everyone scared of? And there was a voice that said um there there's such danger in these days. There's a great hideous thing that's death when it strikes you. And he says, "I heard the weeds amashing down and I looked and there was a huge monster snake crawling through the weeds." Now, knowing this is a vision, he said, "I I I'll see what this animal or this beast is." And he says he crawled up on the highway and as soon as I got sight of him, I knew it was a mamba. And and so he he started talking about how the mamba was the deadliest of snakes. and and and and was going through that and and and he said that it was that the mamba will kill you like right now. You you be it it strikes you, you've just got a few seconds and and and you die. He says when the when when the natives see the snakes over there, they'll butt their heads together and just start screaming because they're so they just they get up on their tail and they and they chase you and and um when they strike you, they kill you. And so the vision was that he says as the snake was getting up closer to him this everyone was running but it turned on to him and and as it got closer to him it there was something that was protecting him and then it turned to his friend who and and and went after him and then brother Brandham screamed out oh God it's going to kill him you've got to you you've got to help him and and um as he he says I threw my hands up as it was just striking at And I said, "Oh God, have mercy on my brother. If that serpent ever strike him, it'll kill him." He says, "And just then the serpent turned to me when I said that and it looked at me again and a voice come from heaven, come from above me and said, you have been given power to bind him or the worst or any." I said, "Well, God, what must I do?" And he said, "There's one thing you must do. You must be more sincere. You must be more sincere. I said, "Well, God, forgive me of my insincerity. Let me have sincerity." When I raised my hands up to him again, there was a great something came over me and just lifted me up. And it seemed like my whole body was charged with something. And I looked at that serpent. And then when he started towards me, he couldn't do it yet. And I said, "Satan, in the name of the Lord Jesus, I bind you." And the serpent, the blue smoke flew out of him and he curled up and u and and then brother Brandham would go on down. He says, "And then when he when he did that, this is going on down after, you know, after he defeated this the serpent, that voice said, now you must be more sincere than what you are to do this." Now, this was this was in um this here was in well, let me get back up to it. It was in paradox uh there in in December of of 61. And if you'll go back to the chronological order, you will find that that brother that that God is really preparing brother Brandham for the opening of these seals. And so, there are visions that are coming in just one after another. And so uh he he is preparing for the for the opening of the word and that voice is letting him know that what is coming it this word that is coming in order for this word to be effective you have don't miss don't miss what is fixing to take place and so he's telling brother Brandham be more sincere and and so um he says it must be more sincere and then it left me and I was standing in the room a few moments. I heard a cloak go clock go off. My wife got up and um and the children, you know how it is. I guess it's your house. Um you know what am I going to wear today, mama? And this that and the other. And so he he goes on down and and um and he opens up a Bible and it comes open to 1 Corinthians 5 and 8. And he says um he says, "I was planning on taking a fast to the Lord. I told him I'd go out and fast." And it said, "When you come to this fast, a fast and body is a feast with the Lord." It says, "So when you come to this feast, don't come with the old leavenven of malice and so forth, but come with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth." And so I want us to look at this as as as we look at the at the pronouncement of judgment upon this generation. And I want you to understand that the what what God is doing because brother Brandon will tell us how that the mouthpiece has God has raised up throughout all seven ages. He's raised up uh uh uh churches. Amen. Raised up groups down all through the through the age. And in this last age, God was going to spew this last church out of his mouth as as we've read there in Revelations. But again, brother Brandham is saying there will be an elect that is going to be sincere with that word that the word will have an effect in. It will not be for the age. The age is going to be spewing out of his mouth. It will be to the overcomer. And I want us to really look at this as we look at it. Amen. So let's look here in in page 338 now. Um, and it's it's Revelations um um let's see, let's not read that whole thing there. Let's let's just go on down there. It'll be uh 1 2 3. Let's go down to the third paragraph. Well, for those that are Let's Let's just start right there. Message to the Leodysian age. Uh Revelations 3:15. I know thy works. Thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou were cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Now again, this keep sincerity in mind, because thou sayest, I'm rich and increased with goods, have need of nothing. Knowest not that thou art wretched, miserable, poor, blind, naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white reignment that thou mayest be clothed that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear. Anoint thine eyes with eyes that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. As we have read this together, I'm sure that you have noticed that the spirit has not said one kind thing about this age. He makes two indictments and pronounces his sentence upon them. One, Revelations 15-16. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou work cold or hot, but because thou art lukewarm, neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. We're going to look at this carefully. It says that this church, this Leoian church age group is lukewarm. This lukewarmness demands a penalty from God. The penalty is that they will be spewed out of his mouth. Here is where we don't want to go astray as a lot of folks do. They very unwisely say that God can spew you out of his mouth. And that proves if there is no such thing as any truth to the doctrine of perseverance of the saint or yeah uh perseverance of the saints. I want to correct your thinking right now. This verse is not given to an individual. It's given to the church. He is talking to the church. Furthermore, if you will just keep the word in in mind, you will recall that nowhere does it say that we are in the mouth of God. We are engraved in his palms. We are carried in his bosom. Way back in the unknown ages before time, we were in his mind. We are his or in his sheepfold in his pastures, but never in his mouth. What What is in the mouth of the Lord? The word is in his mouth. Matthew 4:4. But he answered and said, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God, and the word is to be in our mouths, too." Now we know the church is his body and it is here taking his place. What will be in the mouth of the church? The word. Now to me this is powerful. 1 Peter 4:11. If any man speak let him speak as the oracles word of God. 2 Peter 1:21. For prophecy came not in the old time by the will of man, but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Then what is wrong with these people of the last day? They have gotten away from the word. They are no longer fervent about it. They are lukewarm about it. And I'm going to prove that right now. So, so I the sincerity is no longer there. It's just it's it's just it's word, but it doesn't mean just a whole lot to them. Um, now I do you all do you all have church age books back there? I I was going to say there's there's a church age book right here. I don't know um if I don't if y'all if someone Well, there's two of them here. So, if anyone wants to read these, got to make sure we put them back. But, if uh y'all want these uh I am on Let's see. We're I'm on page 339 now and I'm going to be at the first paragraph. Uh in the red books, what what's Yes, that's the blue 388 uh for the for the other. So, so again, y'all seeing this here, it's not that the word is not here. It's that the word is taken lightly. And this is where there is nobody in this age including new life that is exempt. Amen. God is not calling churches. God is not calling groups. He's not calling message people. He's calling individuals. And we've got to make sure we've got fire in our hearts for the word of God. Amen. Now, so we're in page 339 of the blue books and 389 in the in the red book. He says, "The Baptists have their creeds and dogmas based on the word, and you can't shake them. They say the apostolic days of miracles are over. There's no baptism with the Holy Ghost subsequent to believing." The Methodists say based on the word, there is no water baptism. Sprinkling is not baptism. that sanctification is the baptism with the Holy Ghost. The Church of Christ majors in regenerational baptism and in all too many cases they go down dry centers and come up wet ones. Yet they claim their doctrine is word-based. Right? They go right down the line and come to the Pentecostals. Do they have the word? Well, give them the word test and see. They will sell out the word for a sensation just about every time. If you can produce a manifestation like oil and blood and tongues and other signs, whether in the word or not, or whether properly interpreted from the word, the majority will fall for it. But what happened to the word? The word has been put aside. So God says, "I'm going against you all. I will spew you out of my mouth. This is the end. For seven out of seven ages, I have seen nothing but men esteeming their word above mine." So at the end of this age, I'm spewing you out of my mouth. It is all over. I'm going to speak. All right. Yes, I'm here in the midst of the church. The amen of God, the faithful and true, will reveal himself, and it will be by my prophet. Oh yes, that is so. In Revelations 10:7, in the days of the voice of the seventh messenger, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God shall be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets. There it is. He is sending a vindicated prophet, sending a prophet after almost 2,000 years. He is sending someone who is so far from organization, education, and the world of religion that is John the Baptist and and Elijah of old. He will hear from God and he will have thus sayaeth the Lord and speak for God. He will be God's mouthpiece and he as it is declared in Malachi 4:6 will turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers. He will bring back the elect of the last days. They will hear a vindicated prophet give the exact truth as it was with Paul. He will restore the truth as they had it. And those elect with him in that day will be the ones who truly manifest the Lord and be his body and be his voice and perform his works. Hallelujah. Do you see it? Now, he's and he's he's making this clear now. You got you got to be fervent about this. God's going to send his word and there will be an elect that that word is going to have its its effect in. He says a momentary consideration of the church history will prove how accurate this thought is. In the dark ages, the word was almost entirely lost to the people. But God sent Luther with the word. The Lutheran spoke for God at that time. But they organized and again the pure word was lost for organization tends toward dogma and creeds and not simple word. They could no longer speak for God. Then God sent Wesley and and he was the voice with the word in his day. The people who took his revelation from God become living epistles read and known of all men for that generation. When the Methodists failed, God raised up others. And so it has gone through the years until in this last day there is again another people. Someone say hallelujah in the land who under their messenger will be the final voice to the final age. Yes sir. The church is no longer the mouthpiece of God. It is its own mouthpiece. So God is turning on her. He will confound her through the prophet and the bride. For the voice of God will be in her. Yes, it is. For it says in the last chapter of Revelations, verse 17, the spirit and the bride say, "Come once more. The world will hear from God as at Pentecost." But of course, the word bride will be repudiated as in the first age. Now, he has cried out in this last age. You have word. You have more Bibles than ever. But you are doing nothing about the word except dividing and hacking it into pieces. Taking what you want, leaving out what you don't want. You are not interested in living it, but debating it. I would sooner. You were hot or cold. If you're cold and rejected it, if you were if you were cold and rejected it, I could stand that. But if you uh get white hot to know its truth and live it, I would praise you for that. But when you simply take my word, don't honor it, I in return must refuse to honor you. I will spew you out uh for you nauseate me. Now, anybody knows that it is lukewarm water that makes you sick at the stomach. If you need uh if you need an enema emitic or whatever that I think it's eminent or no maybe that's not it. Whatever that word is lukewarm water is about the best thing to drink. A lukewarm church has made God sick and he has declared he will spew spew it out. Reminds us how he felt just before the flood, doesn't it? Oh would to God the church were cold or hot. Best of all, she should be fervent hot. But she is not. Sentence has been passed. She is no longer God's voice to the world. She will maintain that she is, but God says not. Oh God. Oh God still has a voice for the people of the world. Even as he has given a voice to the bride. That voice is in the bride as we have said and we will talk more about that later. two, Revelations 3:17 and 18. Because thou sayest, I'm rich, increased with goods, have need of nothing, knowest not that thou art wretched, miserable, poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich, and white raignment, that thou mayest be clothed, that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear, and anoint thine eyes with thy eyes, that thou mayest see. Now look at the first phrase of this verse. because thou sayest. See, they were speaking. They were talking as the mouthpiece of God. This proves exactly what I said in six verses 16 and 17. Men, but they say it uh uh but though they say it, that does not make it right. The Catholic Church says she speaks for God, saying that she is the assured voice of the Lord. How many people can be so spiritually wicked? Uh how any people can be so spiritually wicked is more than I know. But they produce according to the seed which is in them. And we know where the seed came from, don't we? The leodysian church is saying, "I'm rich and increase with goods and have need of nothing." That was her self-estimate. She looked at herself and that is what she saw. She said, "I'm rich." which means that she is wealthy in the things of this world. She is boasting in the face of James 2:5-7. Hearken, my beloved brethren, hath not God chosen the poor of this world, rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him? But ye have despised the poor. Do not rich men oppress you, and draw you before the judgment seats? Do not they blasphe the worthy name by which ye are called? Now I do not suggest that a rich person cannot be spiritual. But we all know that the word says very few are. It is to the poor that predominate in the body of the true church. Now then if the church becomes full of wealth, we know only one thing. Incabad it has been written over her portals. You can't deny that. For that is the word. Talk about wealth in the church. Why there why there has never been uh such a show of wealth? Beautiful sanctuaries are multiplied in numbers as never before. The various groups vy with each other to see who can build the biggest and the loveliest. They build education centers worth unestimated millions. And those church those buildings are only used an hour or two a week. Now that would that would not be such a terrible thing but they expect uh this little time spent by the children in the education plan to take the place of hours of training supposed to be given in the home. Money has poured into the church until different denominations own stocks and bonds, factories, oil wells, insurance companies. They have poured money into welfare and retirement funds. Now, this sounds good, but it has become a snare to the ministers. For if they decide to leave that group for more light or the love of God, their pensions are lost to them. Most can't stand this and stay with their pressure groups. Now, don't forget that is this last that uh don't forget that this is the last age. We know that this is the last age because Israel has gone back to Palestine. If we believe that he is really coming, then there must be something wrong with those who are building so vastly. It makes one think that these people plan on staying here forever or that the coming of Jesus is hundreds of years off. Do you know that religion today is known as big business? It is an absolute fact that they are placing uh business managers in the churches to take care of finances. Is that what God desires? Did God not teach us in the book of Acts that seven men full of the Holy Ghost and faith serve the Lord in the business matters? You can surely see why God said, "You say you are wealthy." I never said so. There are radio programs and television programs and numerous church endeavors that are costing millions and millions of dollars. Wealth pours and pours into the church and membership increases along with the money. Yet the work is not being done as it was done when there was no money. For men rested solely on the ability given them by the Holy Ghost. And how many can say amen to that? If that was true back then, what about today? Those were little. See, back then it was Oral Roberts. Y'all remember Or Roberts? What was his what was his favorite line? His is uh uh God is a good God. God is a good God. And then Brother Oral Roberts is the one that started the the slogan um um has something to do with it was the seed seed money. Yeah. Sew the plant plant a seed and and and and reap a miracle. But it was but it he was using the s he was using the natural money. Give the natural money and then God will bless you. And so, uh, this modern-day evangel or a modern-day, um, uh, uh, TV evangelist or Robert started that and and it was you give, God's a good God, and you give and God will give back to you. I and and and for on another note, y'all remember um brother Michael and Kobe and Caleb might remember y'all when we all wanted m um we we wanted to get the uh put the tent up over in Tulsa. And so um and all the young preachers were going to preach Jonathan and um so we were trying we we were trying to find us a place. So, we found us a place over in the Hispanic part of the and I mean it was where the gangs were and we were we we were looking around and do you realize that those guys uh and and it was rough over there and and and so we would ask if we can if if we can you know use their property uh to set up a tent for the weekend or for the week. we want was going to have a tent revival and uh and these guys would want to charge us like three or $4,000 uh uh for a couple of days and and I say listen we don't have that kind of money we are simply trying to come in and help the community and and this one guy said it all he says you guys he says I know the way you Christians are you wouldn't be doing it if you weren't making money that's exactly ly what he said. I said, "We're not we're we're not even going to take an offering. We're not even taking an offering. We're trying to help you with these gangs." And he says, "No, no, no. There is nobody preaching today unless they can make some money." And he said, "And I want in on it." And I thought, "Oh my goodness." Amen. So, we'll just we'll just let your community go to hell in a hand basket. Amen. But so, but they did. No one wanted to no one wanted to let us set up over there and that community really needed it. And maybe the Lord was saving us from getting shot or something. I don't know. But it was but but I thought it was something. That's the way people perceive the gospel. Isn't that sad? But again, while while this is all going through there, remember there's going to be somebody sincere with this word and that word is going to live through us. Amen. All right. So, let's continue on. Let's see. Um, where did I stop? Okay. So, uh, yes. So, I'm going to go back up again. There are radio programs, television programs, numerous church endeavors that are costing millions and millions of dollars. Wealth pours and pours into the church. The membership increases along with the money. Yet the work is not being done as it was done when there was no money. Men rested solely upon the ability given them by the Holy Ghost. There are paid preachers, paid assistants, paid ministers of music and education, paid choirs, paid custodians, programs and entertainment, all costing great sums. But for all of that, the power is decreasing. Yes, the church is rich, but the power is not there. God moves by his spirit, not by the amount of money or talent in the church. Can I hear an amen? Now, I want to show you how diabolical this urge for money has become. The churches have gone out to get a membership, especially of the wealthy. Everywhere there is a cry to make religion so attractive and appealing that the rich and cultured and all who have worldly prestige will come in and be active in the church. Can't they understand that if wealth is the criterion of spirituality, then the world already has God, has all of God, and the church has nothing. Thou sayest, I'm increased with goods. This literally means, I have spiritual riches. This sounds like the millennium with streets of gold and the presence of God. But I wonder if that is so. Is the church truly rich in the spiritual things of God? Let us examine this 20 20th century leoty and boast in the light of the word. If the church were truly spiritually rich, its influence would be felt upon community life. That that that hit me when I read that. If the church is truly spiritually rich, its influence would be felt upon the community life. Lord, let let me give Lord let your light let me live in such a walk with you that the community has to say that is a believer. Amen. A community has to say I remember I remember when they brought that that baby into us. Y'all y'all remember that uh when they brought that baby in the community and had snot all over its face and and it had a it had breathing uh uh uh oxygen stuff on it and you know and and um he was like two years old or may maybe between one and two and um and he had asthma and and and we all gathered together and prayed for that child and how the Lord come down and immediately touched that child. Now, they never brought the child. They never started coming to church here. Never did. They went back to their church. But did you know that that baby was healed from that time on that God touched them? Amen. Y'all y'all remember when we had our uh in in CO and and that one uh lady had had problem with her with her ears and how God healed her. Do you know that God genuinely touched her ears and healed? She didn't come back in. But the she didn't start joining our church. But here's the thing. There's a witness that this word is alive. And that witness must be in every home. It must be on our job, the community. Wherever we're at, they need to know that Christ is with us. Or not with us, with his word. Not with us, his word. And when you honor the word, the word will honor you. And that's the thing. There's where sincerity is. It's not about me and it's not about you. It's about honoring that word in our lives. Amen. All right. He says, "But exactly what kind of lives are these so-called spiritual influential men of the community living out in the suburbans, out in the better class dis uh the better class districts. There abounds wife swapping, prostitution, bands of children, crashing parties, exacting a a terrible toll on property damage. Immorality has reached an all-time high in the uh promiscuous sex acts and narcotic addiction, gambling, stealing, all kinds of evil. And the church goes on claiming how fine is this generation. How full are the churches and how responsive are even the natives on the mission fields? the the church has turned the people over to doctors, especially the psychiatrists, and how it can pray about being rich spiritually is more than I know. It isn't true. They are bankrupt and they know it. That is a mouthful. That thing we should ask the Lord when we're praying, Lord, don't let this happen. I sin is approaching. God, let me be reaching out. Let me be re reaching out to those who need the help. Can you say amen? Amen. It says, "Take a good look around you. Examine the people as they walk by. In the multitudes you see, you can pick out those that have the appearance of Christians. Or can you pick out those that have the appearance of Christians? How? Watch how they dress. Watch how they act. Hear what they say. See where they go. Surely there ought to be some real evidence of the new birth amongst all those that we see go by, but few there be. Yet today the fundamental churches are telling us they have millions saved and even spiritfilled. Spiritfilled. Can you call women spiritfilled that go around with frizzy bobbed hair and shorts and slacks and halters and briefs and all painted up like jezebounds? If they are adorned in the modest apparel as becometh the church Christian woman, I would hate to think that it would be what it would be like if I had to witness a display of immodesty. Now, I I know that women don't set the styles. Hollywood does. But listen, ladies, you still sell the yard goods. They they still sell the yard goods and sewing machines. You don't have to buy what's in the stores and then use them as an excuse. This is a deadly serious manner that I'm going into. You have, have you not read in the scripture that when a man looks upon a woman and lust after her in his heart, he has already committed adultery with her in his heart? And suppose you dressed in such a way as to cause that that makes you partner in sin. Even though you would be absolutely aware of it, unaware of it. Being a true virgin with no such desires, yet God holds you accountable and you will be judged. Now I know you ladies don't like this kind of preaching, but sister, you are dead wrong in what you are doing. The Bible forbids you to cut your hair. God gave it to you for a covering. He gave a command for you to wear it long. It is your glory. And when you cut your hair, you signified that you left the headship of your husband. Like Eve, you walked out and went your on your own. You you got the vote. You took the men's jobs. You left off being females. You ought to repent and come back to God. And if all this wasn't bad enough, the whole lot of you took the idea that you would invade could invade the pulpits and the church offices that God reserved for men and for men only. Oh, I touched a sore spot then, didn't I? Well, show me one place in the Bible that God ever ordained a woman to preach or take authority over the man, and I will apologize for what I have said. You can't find that I'm wrong. I'm right. For I stand with the word and in the word. If you're spiritually rich, you would know that is true. There is nothing true but the word. Paul said, "I suffer not a woman to teach, nor usurp authority over the man." You can't possibly take a place among the five-fold ministry of Ephesians 4 and not take authority over men. Sister, you had better listen to that word. It was not the spirit of God manifesting uh manifesting in spiritfilled life that told you to preach because the spirit and the word are one. They say the same thing. Somebody made a mistake. Somebody was fooled. Wake up before it's too late. Uh Satan fooled Eve, your mother. He's fooling the daughters now. May God help us. I have need of nothing. Now when somebody says I have need of nothing, he could very well be saying I have everything or he could be saying I don't want anymore uh as I am full now. You can express this in any way you want. It all adds up to the fact that the church is complacent. She is satisfied with what she has. She e she's either figures that she has it all or has enough. And that is exactly what we find today. What denom what denomination is not claiming that it has the revelation and the power and the truth? Listen to the Baptist and and and uh and they have it all. Uh listen to the Methodists and they have it all. Listen to the church of Christ. Everyone is wrong but them. Hear what the Pentecostals say. They have the fullness of the fullness. Now they know I am telling the truth about them. for not one of their manuals say any different. They wrote it all out uh just so nice and put their names to it and finished it all up. God just doesn't have uh God just doesn't have anymore. There are those who just don't want it anymore. They do not believe in healing and would not want it although the although it is in the word. There are those who would not take the Holy Spirit if God opened the heavens and showed them a sign. Now they are all saying and trying to prove that they have it all or they have enough. Yet is that the truth? Compare this with the 20th century church, this 20th century church to the first century church. Go ahead, do that. Where is the power? Where is the love? Where is the purified church that withstood sin and walked with faith toward Jesus? Where is the unity? You can't find it. If this church has it all, has all it needs, why were they crying out for more of God in the book of Acts? As though they didn't have it all, yet they had they had far more than they have today. God's diagnosis. Now, what God saw was um let's see. Yeah, we'll go and we'll read a couple more pages. Are y'all y'all ready for a couple more pages? Now, what God saw was entirely different from what they saw. They said they were rich in goods and spiritually wealthy. They had arrived. They had need of nothing. But God saw it otherwise. He said, "You don't know this, but you are wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked." Now, when a when a people are that way, especially naked, and don't know it, there has to be something awfully wrong. Surely, something must be happening. Is it not that God has blinded their eyes as he did the Jews? Is the gospel going back to the Jews? Is history repeating itself? I say it is. God says this church of the Leoysian age is wretched. That word comes from two Greek words which means endure and trial. It has nothing to do with the trials that come to a true Christian. For God describes a Christian in trial as blessed and as attitude one of joy. Whereas this description is phrased as wretched and miserable. How strange. In this age of plenty, in this age of progress, in this age of abundance, how can there be trials? Well, now it it is strange, but in this age of plenty and opportunity when everyone has so much and there is so much more to be had. I think this is good. This is powerful through here. What with all the inventions to do our work and so many things to give us pleasure, suddenly we find mental illness taking such a toll as to alarm the nation when everybody ought to be happy with really nothing to be unhappy about. Millions are taking s uh sedatives at night, pep pills in the morning, rushing to the doctors, entering institutions, and trying to drown out unknown fears by alcohol. Yet this age boasts of its tremendous stores of worldly goods. But the people are less happy than ever. This age boasts of spiritual attainments, but the people are less sure of themselves than ever. This age boasts of better moral values, and it is more corrupt than any age since the flood. It talks about its knowledge and science, but it is fighting a losing battle in all fields. For the human mind and soul and spirit cannot comprehend or keep a breast with all the changes that have been coming upon the earth. In one generation, we have gone all the way from horse and buggy uh age to the space age. And we are proud and boastful about it. But inside is a dark void cavern that is crying out in torment. And without a known reason, men's hearts are failing for fear. And the world is so darkened that this age could could well be called the age of neurotics. It boasts, but it cannot back it up. It cries peace and there is no peace. It cries that it has uh amplitude of all things, but it keeps burning with desire like an unsatisfied fire. There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked. Isn't that isn't that just that's that's quite an insight. Why? Because the word has been totally taken away. And you were created to rule and reign not by your mind but through your relationship with Jesus Christ. That's that that this is a powerful reading here tonight. It's very powerful. And you young men and young women. Oh, we're thankful. You we're thankful for education and we and we got to have education to even fit in this world. But I'm telling you, there's one thing that's that'll there's only one thing that'll make you satisfied, and that's a relationship with the Lord. Amen. Amen. Now, let's see here. Um, let's I'm going we let's let's go on. Let's go on down. Um, we'll we'll we'll make it to the uh let's go another page. Where are we at here? See, we're 8:13. We'll start wrapping it up. It says they are miserable. That means they are objects to be pied. Pied. They scorn pity. They're full of pride. They vaunt what they have. But what they have will not stand the test of time. They have built upon quicksand rather than the rock of revelation of God's word. Soon comes the earthquake. Soon there will come the storms of the wrath of God and judgment. Then comes sudden destruction. In in spite of their carnal preparation, they will still be unprepared for what comes upon the earth. They are those who in spite of it all of all their worldly efforts are actually opposing themselves and don't know it. Boy, that's the truth. Objects of pity are they indeed. Pity the poor uh people who are in the last day ecumenical move. They call this the move of God when it is of Satan. Pity those who do not know the curse of organization. Pity those who have so many beautiful churches, such lovely person uh personages and such grandly trained choirs and such such a show of wealth and such a sedate and reverent form of worship. Pity them. Don't envy them. Back to the old store buildings. Back to the dimly lit rooms, back to the sellers, back to the less of the world and more of God. Pity those who make their great claims and talk about their gifts. Feel for them as objects of pity, for soon they will be objects of wrath. They are poor. Now, of course, that that means spiritually poor. the the the the signs of this age as it gets closer, as it closes is bigger and better churches with more and more people with more and more manifestation of what is supposed to be demonstrations of the Holy Ghost. But but uh the filled altars, the gifts of the spirit in operation, the remarkable attendance is not the answer from God. For those who come to the altars very seldom stay to go on with God after the great campaigns are finished. Where are all those that who came down to the aisles? They heard a man. They listened to an appeal. They came into the net, but they were not fish. And turtlike, they crawled back into their own waters. Then there is all the talk about this u glossia. It's supposed to be the evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And people are thinking that we are in the midst of a great revival. The revival is over. America's had her chance. 1957. Now the the tongues are sign a God sign of impending disaster even as it were when they appeared upon the wall of Belchazzar's feast. Don't you know that many are going to come in the last days and say, "Lord, Lord, we uh have we not done many wonderful works in thy name, even to the casting out of devils." and he will say, "Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. I never knew you." Matthew 7:22-23. Jesus said, "They were workers of iniquity. Yet you get a man that come and pray for the sick and get oil and blood appearing in the congregation and prophecy going forth and all the manner of the supernatural and the people will gather around him and swear that he is of the Lord even though he is actually making a money racket of religion and living in sin. The only answer they have is the absolute unbiblical answer of well he gets results so he must be of God. how terrible h how actually poor this age is in the spirit of God and the poor povertystricken ones don't even know it isn't that a powerful reading now does that do away and we'll just stop right there and then we'll we'll go on now this is a this this is an incredibly um uh an incredible indictment by the prophet to to to this generation. And um and and again this is not this is not that the power is not there. It's not that the tongues is not there. There is no place in the scripture uh that where where the nine spiritual gifts have even been taken away. But when you've got a church that is building the Pentecostal church that is building their all of their religion around the gifts and have done away with the word brother Brandham is simply telling us look at the fruit look at the fruit okay if this is a genuine spirit of God then holiness and godliness will be flowing through that group and when it's not flowing through that group and any man That's that's for any of us. Amen. We can claim to be I can I can claim to be a gifted preacher. I can claim to be whatever songwriter or what whatever I want to put uh put my title on me. If it's not producing a greater love for God in my life, then I am not where I need in my walk with God. lukewarmness is satisfied with where we are. Lukewarmness is I've got enough. And guys, we don't want that's that is the spirit that is in this world today. And you live in this world and that and and that spirit. Amen. Uh you you get you know you you just because you get mud on your boots doesn't mean that you're a pig. Amen. But don't start living like a pig. You got to go and wash the mud off. And we've got the blood of Jesus to cleanse us of the sins that we get in our spirits. Cleanse ourselves. There should never be a satisfaction. Amen. For a human being enjoying themselves and living out in the pig pin. Never. Amen. And if you're a prince and you've got authority, you're not going to want to go live as a pulper and and and and be defeated in inside of a jail cell or a uh be a slave somewhere. the you are a son of God and God's word should be should should be u not that we just believe it but it should it should be a a a burning desire of ours. Lord let your word live in me. Let your word live in me. Can you say amen? Now they are all pushing the gifts and that's the reason I'm sort of not into this thing that's going through the message right now of this gifts and really pushing gifts. I'm not I'm not there. I came out of that where we promoted gifts. I believe in the gifts, right? And I believe that if you get yielded and you and you start seeking God enough, I I I and and and yield yourself to the Lord, well, the Lord can speak through any of you. If you've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, God can do it. And I guarantee you, if God's doing it, it'll be accurate. And it ain't going to be a bunch of vague stuff. God, I I believe God can do it. Listen, I'm all for the gifts as long as it's God doing the talking. That's right. I'm all for visions as long as it's God-given the vision. I believe it's all. But you know what? You know what the prophet taught us? Amen. Every vision, the Bible taught us this. He didn't, Brother Brandham didn't come up that by himself. He said, "You take everything to the urum thumbum." If a man had a prophecy in the Bible or a vision or a word from the Lord, it had to come before the urum thumbum. And that urum thumbum had had if it did not light up then then the guy lied. Amen. And back in the day, back in the Old Testament, if there were lying prophets, they were to be stoned. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. It's about time for some stoning going on in the world because there's a lot of lying prophets out there, right? And the stones are coming. Judgment is coming. But for the bride of Jesus Christ, we you we we don't we you're not to follow. Amen. That's what brother Brandham is saying. He says he says a man can get up there and have a few gifts and and have a few signs and everyone will follow the man. We're not to follow the man. You're not to follow Wendell Martin. No one should follow Wendell Martin. We are following Jesus the word. Now, we've got to respect our leaders. You've got to have that respect. The scripture says you've got to have respect for the five-fold ministry. But that five-fold ministry is not above the word. None of us are above the word. I am subject just as you are subject to the same word. There's not a word for you and then a word for a gifted man. It's the same word. And we all must line up with that word. And that goes for every child, every mom, every dad, every preacher. Amen. I don't care who you are. So, so I I have a I I I I sort of I I'm not I'm not I'm not into this. Amen. Some of this that that's that that's really pushing the gifts in the church. I I think there's a danger in that. And again, I came out of that. And and I I want every one of y'all to know I do speak in tongues. I I was in a service this this last the Friday Saturday night and and there was a woman a girl had came up and she was in her 20s um and she showed me her arms. She's a cutter. And she and and deep scars all through her arms. And And she came up and says, "I I'm just not happy with myself. And I'm not and and and I I" and I I started praying for her and all of a sudden something just came over me and I started speaking in tongues. Now, I wasn't blabbering it out for everyone else to see, but I was right there and I was speaking in tonesues. and and and there something was trans w was was transferred from my being into hers and that and that woman it just there there came a power I through me through me through my hands and came through and it done something she just she just those that devil just started um uh got got all upset. Amen. And she prayed through to victory. Now I I am fully expecting the next time I see that girl to hear of deliverance. But I but that you but but to say that I'm a gifted man and that that God can't God can't work anymore unless you go to this one man or that one that that that is not what God's wanting. God's looking for a bride that is that is fervent about this. Knowing that God can heal you. Believe that. And if God chooses to use someone to help you or send somebody your way to help you, then we say, "So be it." However God wants to do it. And God's used men in my life many times. Men that don't know anything. And God just used them. And they don't even know that God's using them. But but they come in and speak right to me. They do it, right? Come on. It happens all the time in church, doesn't it? It does when the preacher's up preaching. What is it? It's the spirit of discernment discerning you. The preacher might not know about it, but God knows about it. And he is just walking right down your line. That is not that that is that that's real, folks. That's a real Holy Ghost that's talking. Amen. So, what I say is, Lord, we want this to be a it it but it's not just for the preacher. God's using us all. Amen. And God and God wants to use us all. And the power is in his word. Lord, let me come under the headship of that word. The word that they've rejected, let me come under that headship. Use me, Lord. Speak through me, Lord. Amen. Yeah. Y'all y'all remember the time the brother Brandham uh he he didn't and the musicians can come but uh he didn't know uh you know Billy Billy Paul had come to pick him up and and he and he uh and he and he told him he said just just go and tell brother Moore I believe it was tell him that or brother Baxter one of the two and and that I'm not coming. I just I just don't feel like I'm under the anointing. I just I I not going to you guys preach. I'm not coming to the service tonight. And then he says, he says, and then as he was shutting the door, he said he and he went back into prayer again and he says, and all of a sudden the spirit of the Lord come upon him. He said, he was speaking in tongues. He said, it sounded like German and he was just speaking in tongues and just he says, and then all then there was that release. And so then then then he he ran back and says, "Hey, I'm going to come anyways." And and when he got to the service that night, y'all remember the lady that was that that was in trouble and the presence and he was interceding for that lady while uh uh while she was on her way to church. I can't remember the full story, but it what it was is there was intercession going on from a believer. And if you start if if we can become just like this, like he was talking about the Baptist saying, "God, don't heal no more. God don't do this anymore. God, don't do that. We just believe the word. We just don't believe men's interpretation of the word. We believe it. Well, praise the Lord. If you take away prophecy, then you're going to kick out our prophet. Amen. But the gift, and I understand that his gift was far more than a gift of prophecy. He was a word prophet. But what I'm saying, the word is a discerner of the word. That's the word is incredible. And if we have the word within us, it'll cleanse and it'll it'll give light. Amen. Any anybody have anything else they want to say? Amen. Add add to what we read. Someone outside's wanting to talk. Amen. Hallelujah. Or is that you? That was you. Amen. Um all right. So, nothing else to be said. Any questions? Amen. Praise the Lord. I thought I seen a hand raised. Amen. All right. Well, we're glad to have you, too. Yeah. Well, God still delivers today. And you know, I believe God God loves men and women that are that may be bound by by alcohol or drugs or any of those things. God is still our deliverer. And and the thing is I I think the thing is in in in our society again as we've read here tonight, the deep desire to come to know a living God. And I whether it be the sinner out there or those that are I believe we can we can see the presence of God come in and bring that deliverance. And he'll do that for any man who will truly come and seek him and ask the Lord for his grace. God loves the God loves mankind. God loves every one of you that is in this building here tonight. There is no sin too great. There is no bondage or shackles too tight. But what God cannot deliver. Amen. Hallelujah. And we can all say amen to that because we have all come out of bondages and God has set us free. Amen. And do you love the Lord for that? I love him with all of my heart. Hallelujah. Amen. His his presence. So if you have no word, there's no satisfaction. There's no purpose. There's no power. Without the word, there is no God. Oh, but God's been good to us. Amen. Why don't we just sing? It's it's it's it it's an old song and I but you'll never outlive this. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my s. [Music] Oh, I come to thee. [Music] Oh, I need thee. Oh, help me, Jesus. I need more of you. I need more of you. Give me a greater desire for you. I want you more than I want anything else in the world. I don't want to just come to church. Don't let me just be a church member. I want to be your son, your daughter. I want to know you in the power of your resurrection. Hallelujah. Crying saveior. [Music] Oh, [Music] won't you hear my humble cry? Yes. Oh why on others [Music] art call [Music] Jesus don't pass me do you not pass oh savior let's sing it with all of our heart I need you oh Savior. [Music] Here I am, Jesus. I need you. Help me, Lord. Don't you hear? Oh, he loves his people. He loves you. He loves every one of you. Loves every one of you children. Loves every adult. ers down calling. [Music] Oh, do not pass me by. [Music] Father, we surrender ourselves to you. We yield. We say Lord, we want you to be the Lord of our lives. We want to open the door of our heart. We want you to take control. Lord, take sin away from us. Make sin extremely sinful in our hearts and our conscience. If you say certain things are sin, let us say, "God, take it out of me." If you say that we need to be more sincere and we need to take away the laxness in our lives, that father give us a real heart, a passion for sincerity, a passion to be right with your word. I ask Lord that you would make us like you and take everything that's not like you out of us. Lord, we repent tonight. Oh God, let your spirit move in us and burn sin from us. Lord, those that may be struggling with different things in their lives, you know where they are. You live with them. Whether it be lying or whether it Lord be a proud spirit or alcoholism or drugs or even a religious spirit. Lord, we don't want to be bound by anything. We don't want to be bound by pride. We don't want to be under the shackles of anything the devil has to offer. Free us, Lord. I ask that your presence, Lord, is this has not been an emotional service, but your word is here. And where your word is, the spirit is here to give it life. that I'm asking, Lord, every heart that's reaching out to you in sincerity tonight, Lord, let the word find its target. Cause that seed to live. Satan, you're a liar. That's what I declare to you tonight. You don't have the title deed to any of our souls, and you don't have the title deed to our bodies. We don't have to be bound by you. In fact, the word has given me as a servant of Christ the authority to cast you away from God's people. And I am standing with these brothers and sisters who have lifted their hearts and saying, "I want everything that you have, Lord. I ask God that you would drive every devil that's been guarding their lives. And I'm asking that you would give them victory. Satan, you cannot hold God's people anymore. For the word has come and we have made a conscientious choice, decision to walk with Jesus in sincerity and truth. In the name of the Lord Jesus, I'm asking God that you would remove, drive back every spirit of laxness. Oh God, let there be a fire burn in every one of our hearts. Rekindle the flame. Stir up the gift that is within us, Lord, is our prayer. Lord, we want you to take us and use us for whatever purpose you have for us. Lord Jesus, let the community know that you are alive. Use us, Lord. We we we want to give you our all. I thank you for it now in the name of the Lord Jesus. [Music] We bless your name, Lord. We bless your name. Even now, right now, Lord, as your presence is in the building, we bless your name. We say we love you. We thank you for your presence. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you for it, Jesus. Every hour I need thee. [Music] Oh, bless me now my savior. [Music] Oh, I come to thee. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the light, the truth, the way. Hallelujah. I bless your name. Yes, I do. I bless your name. One more time. I bless your name. I bless your name. Hallelujah. I give you water. Hallelujah. I give you praise. You are the life. Yes, you are. You're the truth, the way. Oh Jesus, I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. Praise the Lord. Amen. I love him. I love him. I love him. I love him. [Music] You know, back in Pentecost, if you weren't running the aisles or if the if there wasn't a certain high, then the anointing wasn't there. But I have found since I've come into to this glorious word, but it's not the emotion, it's the word and our response to that word. A faith that is reaching out. Because if that be the case, then the only time that you could ever feel the presence of God is in church. But I happen to believe that you can feel the presence of God in your prayer room. You can you can feel the presence of God. And many of times I'm an emotional guy. So, but I the presence that I feel in the when I'm when I'm wanting to shout, it's the same God that I'm entertaining. It just brings tears to my eyes and gives you that settleness. However God wants to show up, we just entertain him. We want to entertain him. Always entertain him. So, we try to put these things in a box. Oh, we don't believe in the shouting anymore. Well, then you've just knocked God clean out. Well, well, there's no altars. Well, we don't believe in altars anymore. When you do that, you just you just it it's it's it's childish. Just let God do what he wants to do. Is that right? So when the services are maybe not as not as jumping or shouting, we can still receive from God right here. But it's our attitude in it. It's our attitude. If we come and and and we're lax, there's the problem is a laxed a a lukewarm attitude towards God's word. However you come, Lord, I'm going to have a passion to receive from you and to love you. Aren't you glad for that? I love him so much. Amen. Love you. Love every one of you. And uh so we we want to continue to pray. I want us to they've diagnosed brother uh gave an official diagnosis on on brother Gadman. that he's got Crohn's disease. And and I I want us now that we know what the name of that devil is, we know we we know what we're going to cast out. And and so I want us to really be praying for brother brother Gadman. He's just been sick, guys. This brother David's been sick for for the last year. And man, what a what a soldier. What a soldier. And so, um, you know, let's just let's not forget to pray for brother David every day. Believe God for for healing for our buddy. Amen. Our brother um, brother Donald, let's keep praying for brother Donald. and uh and uh he appreciates every phone call, text or and they have they've also appreciated how good y'all been bringing food and and things like that. So, that's just wonderful. Keep our sister in our prayers. uh it's going to be be a minute or two until she's she's back up to full potential, but I believe she's going to feel better and uh and so uh glad the surgery was a success. So check on Sister Thelma. uh let her know how much you love her and uh I love Sister Thelma and uh raised her children and uh worked hard and uh I I'll always love Sister Thelma. Amen. So uh let's let's be let's be praying for her. Of course, always remember dad. Good to see you tonight, Dad. And [Applause] dad's just his equilibrium is just is just just really messing up. He's falling backwards so many times. And so, let's just pray that God will get that help him with his equilibrium. Amen. And uh no more falling backwards. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh maybe we ought to be praying that mom quits pushing him. But uh but uh anyways, sure love mom and dad. Praise the Lord. Love every one of you. Amen. Sister Carol, did you have something to say? No. Okay. All right. God bless you. Good to have you, young man. and uh send our greetings back back uh your home church there and tell brother Josh we said hello and brother Josh going to be preaching our our next youth camp. So you'll have to come with him carry his Bible or something. Amen. And so Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. Amen. Keep pressing the battle. Going home time. We just don't know when, but it's it's coming really soon. Amen. Hallelujah. I know things look like things are just all of a sudden peaceful over there in the Middle East, but we know things Hallelujah. They're singing Trump's praises for now. Amen. But it's time to go home. And before we can before wrath can really be poured out, we got to be gone. Amen. God bless you. I bless your name. You can dismiss yourselves. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. Praise the Lord. I give you honor. [Music] I give you praise. You are the [Music] way. [Music] I bless you. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] If you wonder [Music] I bless your name in prisoners chain [Music] with bleed and Night [Music] Paul in silence. We pray them
