################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-29 - 2025-03-29M Bro Timothy Pruitt Faith In The Blood - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-29
Title:    2025-03-29M Bro Timothy Pruitt "Faith In The Blood"
Speaker:  Timothy Pruitt
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2EHZnQhoQI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Great. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Someone sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is [Music] our splendy. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice himself with light and darkness tries to hide. It trembles at his voice. It trembles at his voice. How great is our God? Won't you sing with me? How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. You are the name above all [Music] [Applause] name. Lord, you're worthy of my praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. [Music] You are the name above all names. When you're worthy of our [Music] praise, oh my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God and sing with me. How great is our God. Soon all we'll see how great, how [Music] great our God. [Music] Grace, how sweet the [Music] sound like [Music] me. All I was was lost, but now found. I was blind, but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has me. Like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Verse two was grace that taught my heart to bring me deep. Relieve me. Really, how preious did that grace appear. The hour I first Oh, my chains are gone. Can you testify of that? I've been set free. My Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Oh, may sing it one more time now. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Unending love. Oh my god. Amazing grace. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Has he done something good for you? How many enjoyed the the word of the Lord last night? Yes. I trust y'all were blessed. I know many things happened. Uh many deliverances took place, but it ain't over yet. This we're we got a service this morning and I believe the same God that met us last night is here to meet us this morning. We do have one announcement. There's a lost and found back there on that little stage. There is a ring. I think maybe some Bibles and things. So, if you are missing something, just go back there and look for it and hopefully it'll be there. You you expecting to hear from the Lord this morning. Come to worship the Lord. Amen. Can we sing that song? I'm not giving up. I'm not giving up. Oh, I'm not turning round. Oh, by the grace of God, I wear a shining crown. someday holding on to his self hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Walking through this valley, through the veil of tears. Times I've even questioned. Even if my Lord was near at times that old tempter, he said, "Why not turn around? You can't get any further because you're just losing ground. But I'm not giving up. Oh no, I'm not turning round. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown. Someday I'm going to keep holding on. They scarred hands. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Oh, would you like to tell me there's been something bothering me? Why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? You see, he has purpose and determined to get right in the way and turn us from the way of life and lead our soul. What are we going to tell him this morning? I'm not giving up. I'm not turning around. Grace of God crown someday. I'm going to keep holding on to him now. Our third verse. I'm giving up. Can we sing verse one again? Holding on. I've been walking through this valley, through this valley of tears. Sometimes I've even questioned. My Lord was near. At times that old tempter, why not turn around? You can't get any further. Just losing ground, but I'm not giving up. Oh no, I'm not turning around. The grace of God crown someday. I'm going to be holding on to his nails hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. You know, I'll sing it again now. Oh, I'm not giving up. Oh, I'm not turning round. So, I will sh ground. I'm not giving up. Go out. Keep going [Music] on. Can you give the Lord a hand cup of praise this morning? Through the trial. There's two ways I can go. I can still wear a smile or let it bring me down [Music] low. Satan whispers your truth. But I hear Jesus tell me to stand. What am I going to do? I think I'll throw up my hands. I'll just throw up my hands. That's the praising the Lord. Give up because I stand for his power of the word and God keeps my hands raised. He comes down and it my bra. Got to die in my plan. When I throw up my hand, everything is going wrong. I got my back to the wall. Oh, Satan's coming on strong. He really wants me to fall. He trles my way. Oh, even sickness is part of his plan. I myself, I can't win. Oh, so I'll just throw up my hand. I'll just throw up my hand. It's praising the Lord. I won't give up the word. When God sees, he comes down. I miss my bra. God is not in my plan. They just can't stand. When I throw a first one again, when I'm faced with a trial, I've got two ways I can go. Oh, I used to wear a smile, but let it bring me down, Lord. Satan. Oh, I hear me to stand. What am I going to do? [Music] I just praise the Lord. [Music] world. [Music] He comes down and my plan just can't throw up my hand. I got a my just can't stand when I throw up my hand. Hallelujah. There's something about worshiping the Lord. Amen. Amen. When things get tough, things get tight, just worship the Lord and start to change the atmosphere, change the situation around you. We're going to go to prayer this morning. Brother Matthew, if you wouldn't mind coming and leading us in prayer. We don't have any written requests this morning, but let's just remember the man of God as he would come and he would yield himself to the Lord and speak to your needs, speak to your hearts. I believe that your pull operates the gift of the Lord. You believe that this morning? So as you pull on the gift of the Lord, I believe that the God can meet your expectation. If you would would have an unspoken request, just make it known by an uplifted hand. Amen. Let's just go before him. Lord Jesus, how we just want to tell you once again how we love you and appreciate your goodness and your mercy to us, Lord. That you would call us and elect us and write our name on the Lamb's Book of Life before the foundation of the world. Lord, by the shedding of your blood on Calvary that we could be forgiven and not only forgiven, Lord, but justified that we never did it in the first place, Lord. And to hear how you've come by your grace and your mercy, and you've let us know that we're an unlimited generation where if we can believe, all things are possible, Lord. And you've sent us a message that we can believe all things to show our position, Lord, that we don't have to bow down to any devil or any creed, but we can be set free to soar in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And Lord, thank you for that, Lord. And we've gathered once again. We thank you so much for what you've already done in the meetings, but now we stand in another predestinated moment in time where you look down through the portals of time and said, "This is going to be the time that I meet this young one and this son and this daughter and this will be the moment where they catch the revelation of who they are and they're born again and filled with the Holy Ghost. Lord, I I come with that expectation this morning, Lord, that there's going to be sons and daughters filled with the Holy Ghost and changed, never to be the same, Lord. And we're just asking that you'd come anoint the man of God and just move them aside, Lord, and speak to our hearts, Lord. We're excited to be here and to see one another and to make friends, and but Lord, you're here. We want to meet you. We want to set aside any of the distractions and certainly there's activities and things to do after the service and maybe plans that have been made. But Lord, we don't want to leave you here with dirty feet. We want to take a moment and wash your feet with our tears and let you know we love you, Lord. want you to know. We want you to have preeminence in this service. Lord, maybe we've been holding some things back. We haven't been making a full surrender. And there's still some hurts and some disappointments that we haven't got over. We just say, Lord, I lay it all down at your feet now and just have your will and way now. We commit all things to you. The unspoken prayer request, the needs, we commit them to thy hands, Lord. and ask your will be done. We love you and pray these things in your name, the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. It's resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Can we sing that again as brother Caleb Fairweather would bring a special? Oh, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is redeemed. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh yes, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains in me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I praise. Sing it again now. Oh, I praise the Lord. No longer bound in my soul. Hallelujah. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Amen. Right after this for the 10 winners, if you wouldn't mind coming and singing for us. God bless you. [Music] Lord, I confess I've been a [Music] criminal. Stolen your breath and I sang my own song. Lord, I [Music] confess I'm far from innocent. These shackles I wear, I bought on my own. Lord, I confess I've been a part of made for your house, but I walked my own ropes. Then Jesus came. He tore down my prison walls. Death came to life. life when he called me by name. Scarlet sin had a crimson cost. He nailed my debt to that old rugged cross. An empty slave had an empty grave. Thank God that stone was rolled. Scarlet sins had a crimson cost. He nailed my death to that old rugged cross. An empty slave and an empty grave. Thank God that stone was rolled. [Music] I see bright crimson robes draped over the ashes. Wide open tomb where there should be a casket. The children are singing and dancing and laughing. The father is welcoming. This is our homecoming. Roses in blue, pushed up from the elves. Rivers of tears flow from good times. Families are singing and dancing and laughing. The father is welcome. This is our homecoming. Heaven joins in with the glorious sound. The great cloud of witnesses all gathered around cuz the ones that are lost, they're finally found. The father is welcome. This is our home. Scarlet sins at a crimson cross. He nailed my death to that old rugged cross, an empty slave. Thank God that storm was [Music] roll. [Music] Oh, the father is welcome. This is our homecoming. Oh. Oh. [Music] Oh. The father is welcome. This is our home. Scarlet s at a crimson cost. You nailed my debt to that old rugged cross. empty sling and an empty grave. Thank God that storm was away. [Music] Thank you for the cross. us. Lord, thank you for the price you pay. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the dead pierced hands. You washed me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and [Music] embrace. Worthy is the lamb. Seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign [Music] victorious. Oh, you are high and lift high and lifted us. Oh Jesus, son of God, the maker of heaven, [Music] crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Verse one. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Can you just lift your hands for a minute? Thank you for the price. Are you thankful for that? My sin and shame. In love, you came and gave the amazing grace. Thank you for his love, Lord. Oh, thank you. The np hands. You washed me in your cleansing cloth. Oh, now all I know is your forgiveness and oh praise. Worthy. Hallelujah. Worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign [Music] victorious. You are highly lifted up. Yes, you are Lord Son of God. [Music] crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Yes, Lord. Worthy is the [Music] [Music] lamb. Amen. It's yours. Good to be here with y'all this weekend. Brother Kobe asked me if I'd come up and sing My God is Real. I've heard Brother Sean sing that before, so I wouldn't go in there, but we're going to try this one. Well, there is power. So much power. Oh, there's power in the name. In the name of Jesus. There's power. So much power. Oh, there's power in that name. Well, the man came on to Jesus. He cried, "Lord, I want to be healed. My body's full of source." And he cried, "Lord, I want to live." Then Jesus reached down and touched him. And his sickness went away. Just like he healed that man, he will take your pain away. Oh, there's power. So much power. Oh, there's power in the name. In the name of Jesus. There's power. So much power. Oh, there's power in that name. Take a look at Paul and tied up in be a pulp. They were thrown into a Roman jail. And it looked like all was lost. But something started to happen as they begin to pray. Their chains fell off as they praise the Lord. They said, "Can't you all now see? There is power. So much power. Oh, there's power in the name. In the name of Jesus. There's power. So much power. Oh, there's power in that name. Now you may be here suffering. Your body's full of pain. Satan said, "I got you now. Your life will never be the same." But as the word comes forth this morning, that body must obey. Just get up on your feet right now and to God give your praise. For there's power, so much power. Oh, there's power in the name. In the name of Jesus. There's power. So much power. Oh, there's power in that name. [Music] Take a look at Paul's island tied up in me to a boat. They were brought into a Roman hill and it looked like all was lost. But something started to happen as they begin to pray. Their chains fell off as they prayed Lord as they take you all now see there is power so much power oh there's power in the name in the name of Jesus there's power there's so much power there's power in that name oh there's power in that name. Amen. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Have you experienced that power for yourself? Amen. Can we sing this little song as the plets get ready to come? My God is awome. He can move the mountains. Me in the valley from the rain. Oh my God is awesome. When I'm broken, strength for I am weaken forever. He will reign. Second verse. My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. My God is all today. I am forgiven. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. Oh my God is awesome. Yes, you are [Music] awesome. Awesome. Yes, you're awesome. My God is awesome. Oh, you're [Music] awesome. Awome. Yes, you're awesome. [Music] Amen. God bless you. You may be singing this morning. [Music] You never ask me to stretch out my arms. Put nails in my hands. I'll never feel the weight of the world or carry that cross on my back. Nothing I do could ever repay all that you did on that day. For you took my place up there on that tree. You paid the price so that I could be free. You died for me. Now I'm living for you, Lord. That's the least I can do. You never sent me out on my own. You're always leading the way. And all that I ask for is a hope in my heart and only a small seed of faith. I know you gave me all that I have. Oh, why would I not give it back? You took my place up there on that tree. You paid the price so that I could be free. You died for me. Now I'm for you, Lord. That's the least I can do. You didn't have to walk down that road. You didn't have to rescue my soul or lay down your life just for me. I should have been taking those steps. You should have been my last prayer. But you just want me to be. You took my place up there on that tree and you paid the price so that I could be free. You died for me. Now I'm living for you. You're that I can do. [Music] [Music] [Music] Ah, wasn't that beautiful this morning? Have you enjoyed the specials this morning? Can we all stand as we get ready to turn into the man of God? How do you explain? [Music] How do you [Music] describe a love that goes from east to west as deep as it is [Music] wide. Oh, you know all our hopes. Lord, you know all our [Music] fears and words cannot express the love we feel. But we long for you to hear. So listen to our [Applause] [Music] hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that [Music] flows from those you have redeemed. Hallelujah. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. When words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to our hearts. If words could fall like [Music] grave, oh from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, I would run out of time. Hallelujah. But if you listen to my heart, every beat will say, "Oh yes, thank you for the life. Oh, thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way." Can you sing them with all your heart this morning? So listen to our [Applause] [Music] hearts, hear our [Music] spirit. you every day. And we will use some words we know to tell you what an awesome awesome God you are. Not [Music] enough. Oh, listen to our heart. Sing that one more time. Listen to our hearts and listen to our [Music] hearts. Oh yes, Lord. Hear our spirit sing. Oh, a song of [Music] praise. Those you have redeemed. [Music] Words we know to tell you what an awesome awesome God you are. To tell you my love. listen to our hearts. Hallelujah. How many would have a need? You just want to make it known to the Lord and ask the Lord to come by and speak to your heart today. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts before him. And Father, we just come again this morning just asking Lord that you would come and Lord you would come and minister to our needs today as only you can. We ask Lord that you would come and break the words of life to us and to where each one can grab a hold of it and apply it to their lives. Lord, you see the needs around this building. The hands are lifted up and said, "Father, come by my way." And we Lord know, Lord, that you're able to do that. you're able to meet our needs according to your riches and glory and beyond what we can think or even ask. Lord, exceed even our own expectations. Lord, we just want to say, Father, this morning, we love you with all of our hearts. We thank you once again for this opportunity. We ask, Lord, that you would move in this place, Lord, by your presence. And Lord, just set every captive free. We pray. Heal the sick, Lord. Lord God, just save the lost, Father. Whatever, however you want to move, Lord, we open it up to you and ask, Lord, that you take preeminence. We ask it in Jesus name for your glory. Amen. Amen. Let's turn to John chapter 1 if you would. Amen. John chapter 1 and verse 29. and also Hebrews chap 10 and verse one if you would be be there as well like I said it's quite an honor to speak to you this morning and just ask the Lord to come and take control amen this morning of and and do as he would he would want to that's what that's our desire is to give him preeminence in every service amen and verse 29 it says the next day John seeth Jesus cometh coming unto him and saith, behold the lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world. Hebrews 10 and verse one says, "For the law having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of the things can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the cumbers there unto perfect. For then would they not have ceased to be offered, because that the worshippers once purged should have no more conscience of sin. But in those sacrifices, there is a remembrance again made of sins every year. For it is not possible that blood, the blood of bulls and goats should take away sins. So we heard of one lamb who took takes away sins and one lamb who could not take away sins. Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, sacrifice and offerings, thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me, and burnt offerings and sacrifices for sins, thou hast had no pleasure. Then said I, Lo, I come in the volume of the book, it is written of me to do thy will, oh God. And above when he said, above when he said, sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering for sin, thou wouldest not, neither hast pleasure therein, which were offered by the law. Then said he, "Lo, I come to do thy will, oh God." He taketh away the first, that he may establish the second, by the which we which will we are sa sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all. And every priest standing daily, ministering and offering oftenimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins. But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand of God, from henceforth, expecting till his enemies beca be made his foottool. For by one offering, he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified by one offering. Amen. God bless. You can be seated today. Um, I'd like to speak on faith in the blood. Amen. faith in the blood. As in our scripture reading, as I pointed out, we we read about a lamb that could not take away sins. They would come and they would offer every year. And uh but you as we know that that that blood of that lamb that they would offer that woolly lamb or that blood of bulls and goats. Amen. They they the life of that bull or the life of that goat or the life of that lamb or whatever they offered it could not come back upon the sacrif or upon the person who sacrificed. Amen. Or upon the worshipper. But Amen. But the one we also read about was the lamb who took away the sins of the world. Amen. It was telling us that there was not only was he there to cover the sins as that blood before would just cover sins that were made and it was still there. The desire was still there. The the want was still there. But now we have a blood that doesn't just cover but that blood carried them on his shoulder and nailed them to a cross. That blood, amen, as we would look at it is is to take away or would annihilate sin. Amen. Would annihilate. This annihilate means to cause to cease to exist. To do away with entirely so that nothing remains. Amen. To cause it to have cause something to have no effect. Amen. To nullify. To destroy the substance or the force of of whatever to regard as of no consequence. It also means to cause something to vanish or cease to exist by coming together and changing it into another form. Amen. And we've been taught in the message that this blood is a bleach. Amen. It's a it's a bleach for our sins. that as you could take a a a cup of bleach and you could take a little drop of ink and and you could just put it in a little bit of bleach and before you know it that that that that ink would swirl around and it would swirl around and then all of a sudden you couldn't find one molecule of it anymore. You you couldn't find one evidence of it anymore. And the prophet of God said, "We stand justified in the presence of God as that drop of ink that dropped into the tub of bleach. You'll never find the stain of the ink no more. It went somewhere, but it can never come back again. Amen. It went somewhere, but it can never come back again. And a man who's truly redeemed and his sins are under the blood, those sins are demolished. They are annihilated. It's gone. It's separated. It's dropped into the ink of the blood of Jesus Christ. And it'll never be remembered no more. God forgets about it. and you stand as a son and daughter of God in the presence of God. What kind of power is afforded to the church of the living God today? Amen. Not that we have to carry our shame and our guilt and all the things that we've done in our life anymore. That's where Satan likes to keep you. He likes to keep you in your shame and and your mistakes and your failures. But I'm here to tell you, we're not under the blood of bulls and goats. We're not under a blood of a offering that we have to come every weekend and we got to offer or every camp service and we Amen. But by one sacrifice he has perfected every one of us by the blood of the offering of this lamb. Amen. And brother Brandon would bring it. He said he the bridegroom took away your shame. Well, right there is enough to shout about for a long time. Amen. Amen. He took away your shame and he put it in the sea of forgetfulness. Amen. How? By the washing of the water of the word. Amen. And the blood of life. He would say in another place, this word, Amen. It bled for you. It It washed you. It It came over your life and it changed you from who you was. Amen. Your first husband you was married to. Now, we were brought into this world. We were born in this world sh in in sin, shaped in iniquity. Amen. by we didn't come that way by choice. Amen. We came that way by the fall. Amen. The fall brought us into this condition. And we were married. Amen. Under this covenant to sin. But Amen. He came as a bridegroom to divorce you from that covenant, to do away from with that covenant, to annihilate that covenant and bring you under a new covenant. Amen. To bring you into a place that you don't even have to bear the shame of it no more. But why? Cuz your lamb, he bore the shame. You don't have to bear the weight of it no more. Why? Cuz your lamb bore the weight. You don't have to bear the reproach of it no more. Why? Cuz your lamb, he bore the reproach. We were like that eagle that was not by choice, but somebody grabbed the egg and put it in the wrong place. Come on, somebody. And he was born in this chicken yard. He He knew that something was wrong here. He knew that something didn't quite match up. Amen. The desires of the chicken wasn't quite what he wanted. Amen. He tried to satisfy it maybe for a little while. He tried to maybe eat a few bugs and whatever chickens eat, but he wasn't ever a chicken. I want you to understand that eagle was never a chicken. He was an eagle. Amen. From birth. He was an eagle from the beginning. Amen. In the mind of God, he was always an eagle. He never was a chicken. Amen. The man may have put him in a chicken yard, but that didn't make him a chicken. Amen. And Satan may have may have made a way that you was born in sin and shaped in iniquity. But you never was a son of Satan. You never was a daughter of Satan. You never was a son of this world. But before the foundation of the world, God saw you and he called you and he put your name on the book of life. You always was a son. You always was a daughter. He said that first husband that you were married to the world, he said the anointed bridegroom, he forordained you and he washed you by the water by the church. No, that don't sound right. By that's not in God's Bible. He washed you by the water of the word. In the word, you're standing completely justified as though you never did it in the beginning. You never did it in the beginning. If you're standing on God's word and with God's word, how many standing on God's word? He not standing on your feelings or or your emotions or or not standing on none of that. Standing on the word of God. Every amen, every jot, every turtle. He's I'm trying to tell you, pull away from them shucks. Get out here in the weed where you can get right before the sun. He said, I hear the coming of the combine. You're standing completely justified like you never did it in the first place. Where is the first place? Where you was first thought of in the mind of God. Amen. You never did it in the first place. Therefore, I'm so thankful more than of of that than anything I know. You are the pure v virtuous sinless bride of the son of the living God. Every man or woman that's born to the spirit of God and washed in the blood of Jesus Christ and believes every word of God, you stand as though you never sinned in the first place. You are perfect. You are perfect. Well, I don't feel perfect. Well, good. It ain't about you feeling perfect. Well, I don't look perfect. It ain't about you looking perfect. Amen. I I I wasn't born in a perfect family. It was It ain't about you being born in a perfect family. It's about you having a perfect sinless sacrifice that died before the foundation of the world. But he came down in flesh and he bore your reproach. He bore your sins. He bore your iniquity that you can be free. He says, "If I was supposed to die in the morning, the man took my place. I can't die for that sin. Somebody took my place." And Jesus the word took my place. Hello. And Jesus the word took my place. He became me that I might become him. That spiritual union of Christ and his church now with the flesh becoming word and the word becoming flesh manif manifested vindicated just what the Bible said would happen in this day it's happening day by day we're near the coming of the Lord to be united with his church where the word becomes the word the call of the Holy Spirit searching the heart you're standing completely you never sinned in the first place it's in the sea of forgetfulness is if I can get really get you to see that this morning and and you can realize I don't have to bear that shame no more. I repented of it and God put it in the sea of his forgetfulness. There is now no condemnation. If we can get condemnation out of here, we can see victory in the house of God. Amen. We can see overcoming lives. We can see people, Amen, that'll walk right, talk right, live right. Why? It ain't no shame on me. [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, you were accused of it by your accuser, but really you're predestinated to be a son or daughter. You're standing there washed and your old book of divorcement is put away and it's dead. Absolutely out of existence, even in the mind of God. Hello. Precious, virtuous, sinless son of God standing with a pure, unadulterated, burn bright word that he washed by the water of his own blood that become flesh and manifested. What a place we're standing. This blood that was shed is no longer just covering our sins. It's not a temporary thing. Amen. It was an annihilation of our sins. Hebrews 9 and:12 said, "Neither by the blood of good goats and calves, but by his own blood, he entered once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us." So, it's not a temporary redemption. It's not a temporary thing where it's dependent on you and what you done and what you don't do. It's an eternal redemption. It's dependent on what he's already done. We talked about Gethsemane yesterday, but Calvary, Amen. Calvary settled the sin question once and for all. Amen. Man was found guilty of sin. And sin was a penalty that no man could pay. That penalty was so great until there wasn't anyone else, anyone that just anyone that could pay it. He said, "I truly believe that God ordained it that way. That penalty would have to be so great that not just any man could do it, but he would have to come himself. The penalty of sin was death. And we were all born in sin and shaped in iniquity, come to this world speaking lies. There wasn't none of us worthy. There ain't one of us worthy this morning. They could find that they couldn't find one on the earth that was worthy. Amen. We know sin didn't just start on the earth. It started in heaven. When Lucifer, as we talked about self, he couldn't get self out of the way. So the self brought sin down into the earth and and sin be to multiply and go across the world. Amen. But so it had to take a there had to be a penalty. Amen. And this blood of you could offer every lamb in the world. You could offer every goat in the world. You could offer everything. But it could never take away sin. It required death. When sin struck the earth, it began as a sheet of blackness falling upon the heaven and it literally paralyzed the earth. It throwed every creature on the earth, all of God's creation into bondage. Man was under bondage of the sickness of death and sickness and troubles and sorrow. All nature fell with it. Sin was like an anesthetic, he says, which actually paralyzed the earth. And then we're sitting here now hopeless because every creature on earth was subject to it. Every everyone born on the earth was subject to it. So it had to come from one someplace if we was going to get true redemption. There had to come. It had to come from a place that had no sin. It could not come from the earth. One of us could not redeem the other. It had to come from something else. When a man realizes he's a separated from God, you know what happens? He becomes a wonderer and man begin to wander around and look for God and and look because what happened? They were broken away from the true fellowship they was ordained to have. They wept, they cried, they told. They wandered in the wilderness. They wandered through deserts and mountains. They were seeking a city whose builder and maker was God. for he knew that if he could ever get back to the into that presence. Maybe here this morning, you've been wandering through a lot of deserts and wandering across mountains and valleys and you're wondering about this and you're wondering about that. I'm here to tell you there's somebody here this morning that can be the dissolver of your doubts. He can answer every question in your heart. If you can come back and fellowship with him and realize this is what I was born for. I wasn't born to be the household of every devil. I was born to be the temple of the almighty God. Something on the inside of him told him he was from a place that was perfect. Oh, glory. There ain't nobody in this building that don't seek perfection. Don't tell me that. I've seen your selfies. I talked about it last night or yesterday morning. You know, we got to get everything. Then we send it out to our friends. This look good. What are you doing? You're seeking perfection. But that's a temporary perfection. Hey, you can be 18 years old this morning. Muscles as big as barn doors. You can have all of that. But just look right up here and right here is what you're going to be. If time carries or every one of you's got an appointment with death. I know when you're 15, 18 years old, you don't think about it much. All you thinking about is that brown hair, red hair, beautiful hair, this hair, curly hair, straight hair. I don't like my hair. I want a different kind of hair. But when you get older, sometimes you just want hair. I didn't mean to get there. I just You want those muscles back. You want that strength back. You want And you're just wondering, this is what happened. The cycle of revival and death has never failed. Those who are born young, they end up growing up and becoming old and dying. It's a cycle of life that was put upon us by sin. And a lot of people don't when you're you're young, you don't think about those things. You don't think about the frag how fragile life really is. And and listen, you don't you don't got even got a promise of becoming 50 years old or 60 years old. There's a lot of 18 year olds that die. But we're wondering and we're trying this and I if I can just get this certain goal, if I can just reach this and if I can just get all my bills paid, if I can then somebody gets sick and you got more bills and excuse me, you you know, you get you get over something and something else comes up. Amen. you know, sickness gets all right and then all a sudden, you know, something else comes up and it's was one battle after another battle and one situation after another situation. Amen. Why? Because sin has come on. He said it's because of the wave of sin. But in your heart, you know there's something. Amen. You've been seeking something. It shows you there is a perfection somewhere. Somewhere there is something. And that's the reason he says many times today sinners are still wandering about. Beautiful young girl will cut off her hair and put fa makeup on her face and clothes that'll show her being. And and listen, that's got to be in the boys, too. Come on now. Amen. The boys will pick up every worldly hairstyle and think it's all right. Pick up every worldly jean style and think it's all right. All kinds of nonsense. Amen. Why? because they're wondering. They're wondering. And you know, neighbors will build a certain house and fix it a certain way, you know, a little better. And this neighbor, he'll start he'll start picking up his side. He'll start doing something. Amen. There's so much tore up and worry. And this young lady will find another young lady that's more popular than her. The neighbor will find somebody's got a house that's better than his. And the wife will the woman will find another woman dressed a certain way and looks better than she does. It's something in us that's seeking for something. But it shows we're lost. We want to find something that brings us satisfaction. Do you understand? Amen. Your wants for the world is just a thirst inside of you that was actually created and put in there not for the things of the world, but for the things of God. That thirst was put on the inside of you to bring you to a place where you can find him. And he is the only one that'll ever quench that thirst. You can have a million dollars in the bank, $10 million in the bank. If you ain't got Christ, you're still thirsty. You're still looking. You're still wondering. You're still trying to find that perfection. But if you will find that perfect sacrifice, [Applause] hallelujah. Humans have tried it through the ages. They've wept for it. They cried. They've done everything. But finally that day on Calvary, there one came one down from glory. One by the name of Jesus Christ who came from glory and Calvary was formed. That was the day that the price was paid and the sin question was settled forever and it opened away to something that we've been hungering and thirsting for. It brought to us to a place of satisfaction. There's no man that's ever visited Calvary that's seen it the way it was that could ever be the same. Everything that he desired and longed for is met when he reaches that place. When Jesus died at Calvary, he paid the sin question. He said he said right here. He said, "Satan was knocked out at Calvary." Well, you know, I thought I'd get a few no more shouts than that. I'm talking about the very one that's been tormenting you. I'm talking about the very one that's been trying to bluff you and hold you and keep you. That one, our champion, you know, you you was talking about ball games last night. I'll just kind of jump in on that. People get all of excited about somebody and you know about some prize fighter and he he's won 32 three victories and he's lost two. He's lost two. And they get all excited about it or they get all excited by their team and there might be 54 and 45 54 wins and 45 losses and they're pulling for them. They're dressing like them. They're acting like them. They're shouting. They're carrying on. Oh, don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about. People act a fool at a ball game. And we're talking about acting a fool over somebody who's lost a [Applause] lot. Got 45 losses and you're still going, "Woo! Get up, win, get out." Well, we'll get them next time. And that don't stop you from cheering for them. That don't stop you from trying to follow them and figure out who they going to get next year and what they going to do and how they going to prove this and what they're going to do. That don't stop you from nothing. [Applause] Amen. But I'm talk not talking about a champion who has some losses. I'm talking about a champion of champions. You know what a championship champion is? Is a champion that knocked out other champions. Hallelujah. This God that we serve, he has not got one loss in his loss column. If we can act a fool about somebody that's lost 45 games or missed 45 shots or or not made a touchdown in their life, how much more could we praise the champion of champions? He's not lost a battle. He's not lost a person. He's not lost a war. And he's not going to lose this battle, but he's going to bring his word to fulfillment. How about praising a champion that never lost? How about praising a champion that never went down one time in defeat? Hallelujah. He broke the backbone of Satan at Calvary. He broke the backbone of Satan at Calvary. Ever seen something with a broke backbone? It's lost its abilities to do things. It's paralyzed. You know, one day I was going to church, Sister Ruth, there we was going down this little country road, just kind of looking into the sun a little bit and uh preaching that night, something was real heavy on my heart and some sit I don't remember now, some situation, all of a sudden out of the corner of my eye, I catch a catch a little movement. I look just right at the last second and I see this snake come out and I go And I look back and he's messed up and he's flopping around. I was like, "Well, I didn't I didn't see him. I didn't I didn't even have time to move. Not that I would have, but I would didn't have time to move." Sister Ruth looked at me. She said, "Well, I think the greater thing is he didn't see you." Could it be that way this weekend? Maybe the devil, you didn't see the devil coming in his last attack and you didn't see him trying to step out in your way. But I think the greater thing is he didn't see you. [Applause] He didn't realize that it wasn't just your power alone. If it had been my power alone, I might have jumped out of the way. I might have walked around him. But I wasn't dependent on my power. I was in a power that I didn't have to worry about his bite. I didn't have to worry about anything he could do. He couldn't do nothing to me. And if you get into Jesus Christ and you come across Satan, it's not your power you're depending on. It's the power of almighty God. And greater is he that is in me. May it be like this this weekend. There be people so charged with the spirit of God, it'll be so anchored in their soul when they leave this place and the devil tries to set his first trap and he tries to get out of the [Applause] way. Why? Cuz they're not no longer dependent on this veil of flesh. They're not no longer trying to defeat them on their own, but they're riding in the power of the Holy Ghost. Our sins are forgiven. Anybody need to hear that this morning? Your sins are forgiven. Woman, where is our accuser? The only one who has the right to accuse you don't even know what you're talking about. You know what I'm saying? He put it in the sea of his forgetfulness. He's the only one that has a right to bringing forth judgments. But Satan comes and he accuses us and he brings past up and he he brings guilts up and he brings shame. Hallelujah. He says, "You can be forgiven of every sin." Not only that, but that sin is paid for. You don't have to say, "I'm not worthy." You could never be worthy. But a worthy one took your place. You're free. You don't have to wander no more. You don't have to be a pleasure- seeeking man out there for the earth. You don't have to be lost cuz there's a highway. It's a way called the way of holiness. And the unclean won't pass over. But he who comes to the fountain first, then he has a right to the highway. He broke the powers of Satan. You don't have to no longer be tore down by sin. You don't have to no longer yield your members to sin. Sin has lost its power. That's what Calvary meant. I want you to understand we were not I want to drive this home as hard as I can. We were not saved or forgiven by animal blood. It was not temporary blood. It was not ordinary blood. But you were saved by the sinless, spotless lamb of God. That's not ordinary blood. Cuz that blood crushed the head of Satan. That blood broke the chains of sin and death. That blood is not just another man's blood. It's the blood of Jesus Christ, the son of the living God. It's the blood that can heal the sick. It's the blood that'll save the violent sinner. It's the blood that open the eyes of the blind. It's the blood that'll cure the sick, the man, the feeble. It's the blood that walked on water. It's that same blood that calmed the seas. is a blood that restores. There's no mistake too much for this blood. There's no sin too great for this blood. So if I was you, I would shake off the guilt. I would quit living condemned. Cuz you're not under a temporary blood. You're not under the blood of bulls and goats. Your sins are forever forgiven. [Applause] Before this blood, when a man sinned, he separated himself from God. He crossed a great chasm and put himself in death on this side. And there was no way back. There was no way for him to get back. But when he did that, talking about Adam and Eve, when they did that, God accepted a substitute as a lamb or a goat, a sheep, something for blood. And on that side, he's a son of God. He's offering from God, offspring from God. He's an inheritance of the earth. He can control nature. He can speak into existence. Why? He's a creator himself. He's offspring of God. But when he crossed, he separated his sunship. His sn he's a sinner by nature. He's under the hands and dominion of Satan. And God took a sacrifice of chemical of the blood. But the blood of bulls and goats did not, as we said, divorce sin. It only covered it. He said, "If I have a red spot on my hand and I covered it with white, that red spot is still there. It's still there." But God sent down from heaven a bleach. It was a blood of his own son. And we have put our He puts our confessed sins into God's bleach. You try to find it again. And I want to you to really catch these next few words the prophet of God left us. He said, "The coloring of sin goes back through the mediators and down through time until it hits the accuser, Satan, and then it lays on him till the day of judgment." Come on, somebody. Ain't no shame on me, but it's shame on you, devil. Ain't no sin on me, but it's sin on you, devil. Ain't no drugs on me, but it's drugs on you, devil. Ain't no temper on me, but it's temper on you, devil. Ain't no anxiety on me, but it's anxiety on you, devil. You think the devil don't suffer with anxiety? It says the demons believe and tremble. Oh yeah, there's a lot of anxiety that's been placed on them. Why was it placed on them? cuz somebody realize I don't have to bow down to that thing no more. I can be forgiven of it. I can repent of my unbelief and all of a sudden the coloring of it rolls down and it's laying on the devil. Hallelujah. If I can get you to understand dang sins on you, they're on your accuser. It's his sins. It's his iniquity. It's his doubts. It's his fear. It's his suicide. It's his anxiety. It's his, not yours. Hallelujah. [Applause] Turn to your neighbor and said, "Ain't no shame on me." It's time we really put that devil where he belongs. You know where he belongs? Under those sin, the weight of those sins. Under the weight of that unbelief. Under the weight of that worry and doubt and anxieties, fears. Amen. When he's when a man's confessed his sins, they've been dipped into the blood of Jesus Christ. It kills all symptoms. That's a direct quote. It kills all symptoms and every molecule of sin goes back to the devil and lays on him to judgment. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you see what happened? You had a lamb that carried your sins and he died and that blood ran down his body and he said, "It is finished. What was he saying? Sin's reign is done. The offering of sacrifices year by year is done. Guilt is done. Shame is done. And all of those sins he carried down into Calvary or into into hell. And he put them where they belong. And he told the devil, said, "Devil, you've been falsely accusing my children because they didn't never do it in the first place. These actually belong to you. I'm bringing them back to the house they belong to. I'm bringing them back to the place where all this started. It is your sin. It is your unbelief. It is you that has started this whole thing. And you are going to be the ones who die in with these sins. And you will be dead for eternity. Oh, I love that right now. I can tell you right now, I use it all the time, but I'll use it again right now. Your devil has an expiration date. [Applause] I read the scripture yesterday. In the last days, perilous time shall come. Last days for who? It ain't my last days. This is not my last days, but it is the last days for cancer. It is the last days for Parkinson disease. It is the last day for sugar diabetes. It is the last days for sin. Woo. If I can get some of you sisters to realize it's the last days for anxieties and fear. But I don't have an expiration date. I checked the date. It says eternal. [Applause] Oh, let's just praise the Lord for a moment. We are eternal beings brought to eternal sunship by the blood of Jesus Christ. There is now no condemnation. Let's kick that condemnation out the building this morning. I'm not looking at a lot of condemned people. I'm looking at a condemned devil. I'm not looking at a lot of jailed up, frozen up, bound up people. I'm looking at a bound [Applause] devil. This blood is a powerful blood. This blood is a glorious blood. His blood will wash every sinner clean. Hallelujah. He talks about Moses under the blood of bulls and goats could walk out and call for flies. Under the blood of bulls and goats. He said, "Why would we stumble when someone's under a perfect sacrifice speak squirrels into existence?" Hello. Why would we stumble when there's somebody now under the blood of the perfect sacrifice that can speak to their mountain? Come on now. I like how Jesus said it. He said you. How many you's we got? How many can say I'm a you? Good. You're a lamb. You. That's a lamb, right? A you. You speak to the mountain. And brother Andrew, I I didn't find nowhere in any of the scriptures that records this that it Jesus instructs them said, "Go find a preacher. Go find your mom and dad. Go find you." How many you's we got? You speak to your mountain. Do you know why that's important? Cuz your mountain knows your voice. And it ain't just your voice. It's the voice of resurrection. It's the voice that is behind the voice. It's the voice of authority. It's the voice of power. It's the voice of triumph. It's the voice of glory. that when a man is born to the spirit of God, he said when you when you come when you have that, you can ask what you will. Got to hurry. Read some scriptures. Romans 5:9 says, "Since therefore we have now been justified by his blood, much more shall we be saved by him from the wrath of God." justified. Ephesians 1:7, "In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses according to the riches of his grace." 1 John 1 and verse 7. But if you walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with the other. And the blood of Jesus his son cleanses us from a few sins, partial sins, all sins. I said this before and I use it again. I love that three-letter word he uses through the scripture. I'm the Lord God that heals all thy diseases. I'll forgive all thine iniquities. Three letters, all. But a whole lot of stuff fits in three letters. You can have doctor's descriptions this long and it'll go right down into all. You can have words you can't even pronounce and it'll go right down into all. You can have sins that you have bore, but you've asked for forgiveness and you ask God to move upon your life. It can right now go into all all sins, all sicknesses, all iniquities, all. He cleanses us from all. Colossians 1:20 said, "Through him to reconcile to himself all things, whether on earth or in heaven, making peace by the blood of his cross." Hebrews 9:22 says, "Indeed, under the law, almost everything is purified with blood." Almost everything is purified with blood. Did you catch that? Under the law. But without the shedding of blood, there is no forgiveness of sins. So under the shedding under the law, it would almost cover everything. But under this blood, it covers all. If I can just really get you to grasp a hold of that this morning with your whole heart and say, "God, I bore this for a long time. I bore the reproach for a long time. I bore this this shame for a long time. But I'm hearing the word of God. I'm hearing as that eagle did down in that chicken yard. I hear the word screaming to me this morning and saying, "You don't have to live in that shame any longer. You don't have to live in that unbelief no longer. come up out of there. How am I going to get it? You've been given two wings. And there's a wind of the Holy Ghost blowing this morning. And if you'll set those wings, the Old and the New Testament into the word of God, into the winds of the Holy Ghost, you will rise. Rise. Rise above it all. All Oh, first Peter 1 and verse 18 says, "For as much as you know that you were not redeemed with corruptible things." We heard it last night. There was some things were limited, but there's some things that are not limited, that are unlimited. The law of sin and death reign because the the the sacrifices of goats and sheep were limited. They were corruptible things. They were something that would live and die, have a beginning, have an end. So he had to come who had no beginning and has no end. So you were not, Amen. redeemed by something that's corruptible. You were redeemed by something that's incorruptible. Amen. You were not redeemed us by silver or gold from your vain conversation received by the traditions from your fathers, but with the precious blood of Christ as of a lamb without spot and without blemish. Titus 2:13 says, "Looking for that blessed hope, that glorious appearing of the great God and our Savior Jesus Christ, who gave himself for us that he might redeem us from oh, y'all y'all can read good. who redeemed us from all, let's just say it till we believe it, all iniquity, and purified unto himself a peculiar people zealous of good works. Revelations 15 says, "Unto him that loved us, oh my Can I just deal with something right now? Young people have the hardest time receiving love. They have all these complexes and things that they have and the devil or maybe even some of their friends used of the devil said to them. I just just the way it is. Listen, your words have power. I dealt with it just a little bit yesterday. Come on. Just the Lord just placing it right here in my lap again. Amen. Your words have power. We read it. Be kind one to another. You need to watch what you say to each other. Well, he ain't popular anyway. Well, you ought to put your arms around him and love him more. Come on. Oh, that kind of burnt your hide, didn't you? Don't want to clap about that. [Applause] Our sisters have a hard time recognizing their true given beauty given of God. Given by God. Listen, it ain't important that some man recognizes your beauty. It's important that God recognizes it. You probably don't want the man that's after you just because of your beauty. [Applause] Come on, somebody. He's after you for the wrong thing anyhow. He need to be after you cuz you got so much of God in you and he's got so much of God in him. That is the attraction. [Applause] But the devil wants to come and he puts all this false beauty out in your face and he puts all this false stuff out there and he says, "You ain't beautiful. You ain't lovely. Look how ugly you are. Look at your face. Look at your nose." And he points out all the faults and all the failures and all of this nonsense. Cuz why is he pointing it out? Cuz he don't want you to see the real beauty on the inside. And that's that seed of God he put in your world, in your soul before the foundation of the world. That's the real beauty of a heart, of a life, is a seed on the inside. Cuz natural beauty is temporary. It's limited. That's true. Listen, me just deal with this right now because Satan puts all his beauty out there, but they ain't satisfied with that beauty. A man gets attracted to that stuff. And he's like, "Woo, hello. Well, I can really get into some stuff right now, but I better watch myself." And all of a sudden, one day he wakes up and she didn't put her makeup on before he got up. It's like, "Who are you and what did you do with my wife? All of a sudden, it begins to become wrinkled and gayheaded and he starts looking for another beauty because it's a limited beauty and that's what attracted him and that's what he's searching for and that's what he wants. Why? Because he has that sinful lustful nature on the inside of him. Come on. But we ought to be careful what we say one to another. It ought to be words of encouragement. We ought to love one another. Why? Cuz God loved you when you wasn't lovable. God loved you when you was a slimeball. You was a nothing. You was a nad. Can I just say it plainly? He loved you when you was ugly as homemade soap or worse cuz you was coated around with all kind of sin and iniquity on your life and you look so undesirable. Meanwhile, Satan's over there saying, "You're beautiful." Woo, you're beautiful. But God's looking to say, "That's not the beauty I desire, but I want you to understand you're wonderfully and beautifully made. I fashioned you just like I wanted to. God made you just like he wanted to. And he brought this one together, this one together, this one together, this one together, this one together. Watched over this one in a storm or watched over this one. Kept him from a wreck. Watched over this one in a war so this can come over here and give me this and this and this and this one. and we want to come down and we look at ourselves in the mirror and we say, "Man, I'm so ugly." You're made in the image of God. So, who you calling ugly? Thank you, Lord. That was pretty good. Thank you. That's in honor of our brother Daryl Ward. We we we look at ourselves so undesirable sometimes. Some people look at themselves too desirable. But that's another another place. Some some of them look at themselves. I I done got stuck in this thing. Brother, help me out. Some of you boys I just go that way. It says, "Some of you boys think you God's scent blessing. Some of you boys spend more time in front of a mirror than a girl does. You ought to be ashamed of that nonsense. I'm just be honest with you. You got less hair, less looks, and you over there. How long I ain't going to ask how long it took you to get ready for church this morning. When I'm trying to attract somebody, brother Timothy, that's what I'm trying to look my best. Well, you know how you look your best is a life surrendered to Jesus Christ. That's how you look your best. Sure, I'm not saying you ought to dress like a, you know, just like a hag or or a bum on the street. That's not what I'm talking about. But put it where it really belongs. Let me give my best to Jesus Christ. Let me give my heart to him. Seek ye first the kingdom of God and all of this will be added unto you. You seek God with all your heart. You'll find somebody that's seeking God with all their heart. And there'll be a deep that calls to a deep. There'll be a deep to respond. Boy, I got all that from unto him that loved us. Mercy unto him that loved us. He loved you when you didn't love him. Yeah, it's kind of hard for humans to do is to love somebody that don't love them. Come on now. Amen. But he loved us when we were unlovable and he washed us from our sins in his own blood. Brother Rand would say it like this. He said the word washed means loosed. I love that word right there. Loosed us from our sins and his own blood. Isn't that wonderful? He said, "If you're spiritually minded, did you catch it?" It was his own blood that loosed us completely from our sins. It was not human blood. It was the blood of God. Peter called it the blood of Christ. Paul called it the blood of the Lord, the blood of Jesus. Not three persons, but one person. There's that revelation again. One God. that omnipotent Jehovah God came down and made himself a body by means of the virgin birth and indwelt it that it might be the blood of God that would free us, loose us entirely from our sins and present us spotless before him with exceedingly joy. Woo! Glory to God. It goes back to the Old Testament. He says, "Let's go back to the Garden of Eden. When the news came from glory that Adam was lost, did God send an angel? Did he send a son? Did he send another one? Or did he send another one like unto us? No. He came himself to redeem the lost son. God did not entrust his plan of salvation to another. He trusted only himself. And God was made flesh and dwelt among us and redeemed us unto himself. We're saved by the blood of God. The eternal God and dwelt a mortal body in order to take away sin, to become a lamb, in order to shed his blood and enter into the veil with it. Consider this. Since it's a perfect blood of God, it is a perfect blood. And if it's a perfect blood, it loosens us from the power. It loosens us from the bondage and the defilement of sin. You say, "Well, I've got a defiled life." Well, if you'll come under this blood, it'll loose you from that defilement. And loosen is perfect and complete. There is now no condemnation. [Applause] Who shall lay charge to God's elect? It is God that justify. Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died. Devil, you didn't die for me, but you're going to die because of me. Hallelujah. He didn't die for me, but he's going to die because of me. Because everything he tried to put on me, it's going to roll back on him. This blood has loosed us. There is no condemnation. There is nothing. Somebody say nothing. There is nothing to be condemned for cuz the blood has loosed us from sin. Don't listen to man. Listen to the word. You are loosed by the blood. You know what that blood also did for us? Continue on. And he made us kings and priests. This blood changed our position. Hallelujah. This blood changed our position. It's exactly what happened in Esther's day. Hello. I lose you for a minute. Esther was there as a as a queen and Mori was out there facing death and Hmon was trying to get him. But one night the king got restless and he couldn't he couldn't sleep and he said, "Bring me the book of remembrance. Bring me those chronicles back." And when the book was opened because I want you to understand when that blood was shed on Calvary, it released a life. And that life would go into Acts two and then it would go down through church ages. But then it would come back to us again in the same power, the same resurrection, the same Christ. When when the book was open, come on now. When the book was open, it gave us authority and power again because we can now see who we really are. I I look at that book, Brother Andrew, and I say, "Well, I never was a son of Satan. I never did belong to the devil." Look at here. I always belong to God. And when the book was open, they realized, Amen, something had been play misplaced and it had been missed for a long time, but it was brought back at the right time. Come on now. And it was mentioned there in Mori how he saved the king's life. And what happened at the opening of the book? Position swap. All of a sudden, the gallows that Hmon had made for Quotai, Hmon is hanging on the gallows. The robe that Hmon thought he was going to wear and wanted to wear and dreamed of wearing and the power that he wanted and he dreamed of was now Mori. Come on, somebody. The devil tried to set a trap for you. He tried to come and bring you down into death and bring you down into sins, but there was a book that was open. And your name was found written therein. And the Hmon had built gallows for you. He had dreamed of what you have and what you've been afforded. But at the opening of that book, swap. You were who once bound for hell is now bound for heaven. He who once wanted heaven is now bound for hell. We are made kings and priests. He's given us a position. A king is no king unless he has authority. But he made you this. He swapped the power. Oh, devil's like, "What happened?" I said, "I would have sinned. I would be like most God." And now I'm watching the people of sin that I've tried to keep beating down. And I've tried to keep down in the dumps and down in beaten condition. I'm I'm watching all of a sudden young people that's rising up and what's happening. I tell you what's happening, devil. They saw their name in the book. They realize this wasn't just so and so's lamb or brother Window's lamb or but they realize he died for us all. He's delivered us from the power of darkness. He's made us priests which is offer as priest unto him is offering a spiritual praise with sanctified lips. Hello. There you go devil. I got a right to praise my Lord. Do you realize what has happened? Lucifer was a angel of worship. He was a worship of praise. Come on, somebody. But he lost and he gave up his position and he came down to bring sin upon the earth. But now the blood has changed it to where now you have been placed in that position. That's why I have a right to praise him. It ain't because I got it on my own or or brother Windle gave it to me or your pastor gave it to you or he don't give it to you. Amen. I got a right. Praise him because the blood gave it to me. God gave me that God-given right. And I will not bow. I will not back up. I will praise my God for all that he's done in my life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And this closing a little bit right now. I want you to understand the blood there's a the blood also has a voice. When Abel's blood was shed, Amen. The spirit of the Lord came down and began to speak to Cain. He said, "Where's your brother?" And he said, "Well, I I don't know." He said, "Well, your your brother's blood speaketh from the ground." Paul would pick it up and he'd say, he'd say, 'The blood of Abel, yes, speaketh. He said, 'But there's another blood that speaketh greater things. Hallelujah. There's a greater blood that speaketh that greater thing. What did Abel's blood speak? It spoke of guilt. It spoke of murder. It spoke of all kind of unbelief and fears and anxieties and things that would cause a man to get so in such a condition that he would kill his own brother. It spoke of all kinds of things. But there was another blood that came. And this blood speaks greater things. Amen. It speaks of healing. It speaks of joy. It speaks of power. It speaks of life. It speaks of heaven. It speaks of freedom. It says you're not guilty no more. It says you're justified as though you never done it in the first place. You don't have to carry not one more service. [Applause] I believe we're having a prayer line tonight, right? Well, let's just go on and just make sure there ain't no condemnation left in this building. What kind of prayer line could we have if there ain't no condemnation in this building? Hallelujah. That you're not walking through I'm not worthy. I'm not worthy. I'm not worthy. I've done this. I done this. There's a blood that spoke for you. I'm not worthy. Sure. But I have a worthy sacrifice. I have an atonement that paid every sin. Therefore, I can lift up my hands and say, "You said it. I believe it. You said it. It belongs to me. I'm free. I'm forgiven. It's over with. There's no shame on me. My sickness is gone. My sins are forgiven. I have been made righteous by the blood of Jesus Christ. Satan, take your hands off of me. [Applause] Come on, somebody. Why don't you put your mouth to work right now? Why don't you put your voice to work right now and say, "Satan, take your hands off of me. I'm a godgiven rights to praise and worship a king of kings and a lord of lords. He's paid the price. He's went to Calvary. He's risen again. He showed he not only had power over sins. He had power over the grave. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the m musicians he call. He broke the back of death. Brother Brandham was in Portland, Oregon and a maniac came up began to make a challenge said I'll throw you out into the car. You know made all kind of challenges. I'll beat you. I'll do this. And he said, hawkked and spit in his face, you know, brother Adams, he said, I felt sorry for the man. That's a good place to start. Just start feeling sorry for your enemy. Satan's got to kind of get him trapped into something. Just start feel so sorry that you're in that condition. There's a way out. He said, "I was about to speak and he said because you challenged the army of the the living God, you'll fall at my feet." He said, "That man went to rare back and he fell down, rolled down. He'll cross his feet and the policeman run up and said, "Is he delivered?" He said, "No." He said, "He worships that spirit." Self self had gotten away. He worshiped that spirit and it was a limited spirit. I love that last night. It was a limit. Woo. Come on now. If you'll start coming to the prayer line realizing your enemy is [Applause] limited. He said, "No, he's not delivered, but will you just kindly roll him off of my feet?" rolled him off his feet and he walked back to the pull pit and he said now as I was saying. Faith is a substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. And he said about that time a man in a wheelchair jumped up and somebody in the cot jumped up. He said within about five minutes time everyone in the building was delivered. He said why? He said because the chief of that tribe of demons had made a challenge. Oh, I feel the spirit of God right now. Amen. And the chief of that tribe of demons had made a challenge and he lost. [Applause] He said, "And when the chief lost, everything under him fell." I want you to understand the chief of the tribe of Satan, death itself, lost. It lost. It tried to seal him in a tube. It tried to put Romans around him. It tried to hold him in. Let me tell you, listen. He didn't roll that stone away for his own benefit. He could have walked away and left that stone standing there, but he rolled that stone away so you would know and so that the devil would know he was risen. And that chief of that tribe of demons fell. Therefore, every devil I want to serve notice again this morning. Devil, every devil under the death itself is defeated. Hallelujah. Is defeated. I said is defeated. Your enemy is dead. Come on, Mariam. Your enemy is dead. He tried to come through the blood, but he couldn't make it. Your enemy is dead. You have a right to sing a new song. You have a right to praise your God. I want to put my voice with a prophet right now. House of hell, give way to the name of Jesus Christ. [Music] Every house of conflicts, every house of fear, every suicide spirit, every demon, give way to the name of Jesus Christ. Let there be victory in the house of God. For who the son is set free, how many is free this morning? Who the son is set free is free indeed. Now, why don't you just lift up those holy hands and go to open up those sanctified lips and give praise to a God, who paid it all. Come on now. Give praise to a God who paid it all. Give praise to a champion who hasn't never lost a battle. He's not lost the battle. He's not going to lose you. He's not going to lose one seat of his. He's not going to lose one predestinated son, one predestinated daughter. Won't you give praise to that God? Oh, come on. You praise more than ball. I'm talking about open your mouth and praise the living God. Lift up your voice. Say, "God, I love you. God, I praise you. God, there's no one like you. There's no one like my God. He's an awesome God. He's a holy God. He's a God that can deliver. He's a God who sets free. He's a God who heals. Woo! He healed me. He saved me. He set me free. I got a right to praise him. Some of you need to right now walk out of that jail house of [Music] condemnation. How many wants to do that this morning? Just get out of your seat. Walk out of that condemnation. There ain't no shame on me. There ain't no shame on me. I've been set free by the blood of Jesus Christ. Well, praise God. There ain't no condemned in here this morning. [Applause] [Music] [Music] He is higher than the highest, greater and the great. No one can ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he from above. He's the old time undisputed undefeated champion of love. Sing it now. Oh, he is higher than the highest, greater than the great. No one can ever take his crown away. Oh, he's more mighty than the mightiest. And he raised from above. He's the only time undisputed, undefeated champion of love. One more time. He is higher than the highest, greater than the great. No one can ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightest. And he reigns from above. He's the old time undisputed undefeated champion of love. I've got a right to praise the Lord. I've got a ride to live. [Music] Ain't nobody got my life. But you are the one I got to live. I've got a ride. Oh, I've got to praise the Lord. [Applause] I'm going to cry to live my [Music] life of God. Let's sing it like we need it now. I've got a ride to praise the Lord. I've got a ride to live my voice. Hey, got a ride. Children of the Lord and see redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, let me hear you over here. I've got a ride. Let these guys over here sing. Come on, [Music] guys. [Music] Lord, no music except for the drum. All right, middle. Let's hear you sing. Got to ride. Oh, yeah. Got to ride. Ain't [Music] nobody sing the life is redeemed. All right, let's hear it over here. I got a rock. Sounds good. Lift my voice. I ain't got a right. Been redeemed by the blood. Amen. Just keep the grounds. All of us together. I've got a right. Come on. Come on. Let the devil hear you. To lift my voice by now. Yeah. You seen a lot. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Let's do some trouble. But I'm going to ride to praise the Lord. I'm going to ride to my [Music] [Applause] voice. I've been redeemed. I'm going to arise. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the [Music] Lord. Oh, nobody knows like I know what he's done for me. Hallelujah. Well, won't you help me sing it? Get get me started. Nobody knows like I know. know like I I know what he's done for me. You don't know like I know what he's done for me. You don't know like I know what he's done for me. He's been so good to me. Well, you don't know like I know what he's done to me. You don't know like I know [Music] what you don't know like I [Music] know he's been so good. Well, I get joy when I think about I've got a right to [Music] praise what he's done for me. I get joy when I think [Music] about he's been so good. I get happy. Are there any happy folks in the building? I get happy what he's done for me. I get happy when I think about what he's done for me. He's [Music] [Applause] been He's been so good to me. [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] glory. Song we used to sing back in Pentecost. Well, glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Ever since I laid my burdens [Music] down. Oh. Hallelujah. Since [Music] I You know what happens? Well, I'm going to walk again. I'm going to talk with Jesus. Ever since I burn down and I'm going to walk I'm going to talk with [Music] Jes down, Lord, since I laid my burdens down. All down. All my burdens are down. Since I down well glory, glory, well glory, glory. Hallelujah. He whom the sun set free is free indeed. My burden down. Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I let Since I laid my burden [Music] down. Well, are you feeling good in the presence of the [Music] Lord? Hallelujah. Now, it's one thing for a preacher to come up and read some quotes, and those are good quotes, but when the anointing comes down to vindicate that what God spoke through a prophet years ago is still in effect today, this very day, in this very building, for this very group of young people. Brother, that should make you want to rejoice. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to the lamb of God. Amen. Isn't God just wonderful? Hallelujah. You know, I'm glad to be a son of God. The fact is you always were a son and daughter of God. And you're not a son and daughter of God because you're raised in church or that your mom and dad are Christians. You're sons and daughters of God because God's your dad. Well, that's simply put. You were in God before the world began. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. And the revelation when you hear the open book, when you hear these things, it's God opening up the mystery of who you are to let you know what other ages just didn't quite understand. to let you know in this most evil age where Satan is vowing to take you into the tribulation and ultimately to hell where God was going to open the revelation to you that you are a son and there is nothing that the powers of hell in this evil age can do to anal. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, glory to [Music] God. [Music] Hallelujah. God wants you to start acting like sons. He wants you to have a confidence of a daughter. Can you say amen? Did you enjoy the word of the Lord here this [Music] morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Bless the Lord. Why don't we sing this song as we get ready to dismiss? Blessed be the name the Lord. What what key do we do that in? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the world. Blessed be the name of the [Music] Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The name of the Lord. The name of the Lord. My strong child. The righteous run to the [Music] safe. The name of the Lord is my strong tower. The righteous front [Music] you may save. [Music] Yes. Blessed be the name. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the most [Music] high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord, the most high. Father, we want to thank you in our feeble way, Lord. what you are truly worthy of. We just find it hard to tell you, Lord, with mortal lips how thankful we are for your blood. for you dying, Lord, not just to cover my sin, but to take all of my sin off of me and put it back on the one who has vowed to take me to hell. You've turned the tables on the devil and we say thank you from the depths of our heart. And we want to live true to you. And we want you to know that in all of our frailty and and all of our weaknesses and we have to say sorry. so many times. But God, from the depths of our souls, we thank you for this plan of redemption. We thank you for this message here this morning. We ask that you would be with brother Timothy and strengthen him and bless him, Lord. Lord, help him, Lord, as he renews his strength, as he labored under the anointing, Lord, for your people this morning. I pray, Lord, that you would go with us as we dismiss. And that you would bless the food that we partake of, Lord. I pray, Lord, that you would bless it to the health and strength of our bodies. that you would bless the staff, Lord, that are preparing us for us. Father, we just love you and be with us the remainder of the day in the activities. Lord, we're so thankful for your blessings upon us this weekend in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Can the church say amen and amen? God bless you as we you are now dismissed as we'll sing another song. Oh, that song. Holy, [Music] holy, holy, holy the Lamb. [Music] Holy, [Music] holy, holy. You're [Music] worthy. You're [Music] worthy. Worth he is the [Music] lamb worth [Music] You don't have to [Music] worry. So worthy. Worthy. [Music] Worthy, worthy. Live [Music] worthy, worthy, worthy.
