################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 2025-06-22 Bro Harry Lancaster What Doest Thou Here - Harry Lancaster.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    2025-06-22 Bro Harry Lancaster "What Doest Thou Here?"
Speaker: Harry Lancaster
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX-Z5w365so
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Leave behind me. I gladly take his mercy and his love. Oh, he is joy and he is peace. He is strength and sweet release. I know he is and I am his. I will go on. I give up the bitterness and hate the blaming and fate for all my discontent. The guilt and pain. Now I empty from my cup so God can fill it up. With pieces we can taste. Thy will go on. My past I leave behind me will gladly take. His mercy and his love. For he is joy and he is peace. He is strength and sweet release. I know he is and I am his I will go on. [Music] I will go home. [Music] I am the prince of life. and the prince peace. He's li [Music] the bright and morning star. The creatator lord of everything and what he is will never change. What he is will never change. For he is true. Truth remains. What he is will change. He's closer than a brother. kind and true. A friend who's there when other friends are gone. Proider for his children, defender of his own. A mighty tower, my fortress, great and strong. What he is will never change. What he is will never change. Oh, he is true. Truth remains. What he is will change. He's alpha and the great I am the prince of light. The prince of peace, the li of the valley, the bright and morning star, the creator, Lord of everything, what he is will never change. What he is will never change. He is truth. [Music] Truth remains. What he is will change. He's closer than a brother and kind and true. A friend who's there when other friends have gone. [Music] Proider for his children, defender of his own. A mighty tower, my fortress, great and strong, friend. What he is will never change. What he is will never change. He is truth. Truth remains. What he is will change. [Music] What he is will change. [Music] When I let your feet of healing freedom [Music] my eyes can't see. It's where my spirit longs to be. It's a place of healing. It's a place I live with freedom. I'm going to lift my hands till I can reach heaven. I'm going to shout your name till those walls come falling down. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. I'm going to sing my song like I am unashamed. I'm going to shout for joy at the mention of your name. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. [Music] Love that lives in me. For you, Lord, my savior, your king. It breaks the sin that's binding. It leads me to a place like freedom. I'm going to lift my hands till I can reach heaven. I'm going to shout your name. Till those walls come falling down. I've come to worship. We've come to worship. I'm going to sing my song like I give a shame. [Music] [Music] I'm going [Music] I'm going [Music] till the walls come falling down to worship. I've come to worship. I'm going to sing my song like I am unashamed [Music] at the mention of your name. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. [Music] You are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I was singing that again now. And you are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness. My God. That is who you are. [Music] You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are and you are here. You're touching every heart. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker. Do you believe it tonight? He's light in my darkness. That is who you are. You are promise keeper. Yes, he is. That is who you are. You are here and you are here. You're turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're men in every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are promise keeper. My God, [Music] that is who you are. And you are light in my darkness. You wipe away all tears. Oh, you wipe away all tears. You men the broken heart. You're the answer to it all, Jesus. Oh, you wipe away all tears. You men the broken heart. You're the answer to it all. Jesus, I love this. Now, even when I don't see it, how many can say that? He's working. Thank you, Lord, for that. Oh my. [Music] Even when I don't see it. Yeah. Yeah. You're working. Never stop working. Never. You are here. You are here. Thank you, Lord. Yes, he is. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. You are here. [Music] Oh my. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. And you are you are way maker. word, promise keeper, my God, that is who you are. And you are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. Can you give him a hand clap of praise tonight if you believe that? Oh my. Thank you, Lord, for being that way maker. Amen. Thank you, Lord. That promisekeeper. I'm so glad he was a light in my darkness. Amen. That he never left us. I'm so glad when we don't see it, he is still always working, still always on the throne. Amen. Nothing ever gets by him. I'm so glad for that. Amen. Amen. I'd like to go to prayer here tonight. I'm going to ask brother Robert, would you mind leading us in prayer here tonight? We got some requests from Sister Carol. It says, "Prayer uh for my brother Barry. He fell and has a bad gash on his head and he broke his finger." My Okay. So, let's remember Sister Carol's brother and then Sierra and then Trent and then she has here Sister Thelma. So, let's remember all of these needs. Um, remember Grandpa. We've been missing him. So, let's always keep him in our prayers. Good to see sister Angie with us today. Amen. Always praying for her. Amen. With brother Donald. Did he make it home today? So, let's remember brother Donald. Is Aunt Angie feeling any better? I know she Let's remember her. [Music] Okay. So, Sister Thelma is having gallbladder surgery tomorrow. Do you know what time? Okay. So, let's remember Sister Thelma and the doctors. Amen. And of course, all the other needs, Brother John and the other ones not here. So if you have a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you now. Let's bow our heads. Dear God, we humbly come before you tonight. You see the request in front of us and uh Sister Thelma, she's about to go into surgery tomorrow. Please give Brother Donald a healthy and speedy recovery. See all the ones who are not here, Lord, and all the ones, you know what they're going through. Please help the ministry tonight. Let us follow the leading of your word. Jesus name. Amen. [Music] I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad. Have the Lord brought me out. Oh, I've been happy since the Lord brought me out. I've been happy since the Lord brought me out. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so mad. Since the Lord brought me out. Oh, aren't you glad that the Lord brought you out? [Music] Aren't you glad that the Lord brought me out? Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord Can we do that first one again? Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord saved me. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord saved me. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord saved me. All right, sing this one again. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, where brought me out. Oh, I never shall forget the day with all the burdens of my soul. [Music] It makes me happy. Be glad and free. I'm going to shout it for. Sing it again now as you turn around. Tell someone about it. I never shall [Music] when all the burdens of my soul roll away. It makes me happy. Be glad and free. I'm going to shout it for it's everything to me. I never sh forive that day [Music] roll away. It makes me happy. Be glad and free. I'm going to shout it for is everything to me. Long years ago, went out in sin, I had no [Music] down on my knees in agony. I prayed to Jesus and he gladly set me free. Oh, I never shall forget that day when all the burdens of my soul were rolled away. It makes me happy. Be glad and free. I'm going to shout it. Sing it now with brother Caleb Martin. comes to me. Oh, I never shall forgetive that day when all the burdens of my soul rolled away. It makes me happy, be glad and free. I'm going to shout it for is everything to me. One more time. Oh, I never shall forget that day when all the burdens of my soul were rolled away. It makes me happy. Be glad and free. I'm going to shout it for is everything to me. Amen. God bless you. Now I get the lyrics to change. [Music] If you walk the same old road for miles and miles. If you've been hearing the same old voice tell the same old lies. If you trying to fill the same old holes inside, there's a better life. There's a better life. You got pain. He's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. We've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fights. We've all run the things we know just ain't right. There's a better life. There's a better life if you got pain. A pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison shaking saver. Or if you got chains, he's a chain breaker. If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can feel it, somebody testify. [Music] If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can't feel it, somebody testify. If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can't feel it, somebody testify you got pain. He's a pain tanker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. Sing that second verse again. [Music] We've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fights. We've all run to things we know just ain't right. There's a better life. [Music] There's a better life. If you've got pain, he's a painaker. If you feel lost, the way maker, if you need freom or saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. [Music] [Applause] Amen. I'm so glad that he's a chain breaker. Amen. And I'm so glad Caleb's starting to sing more. Amen. I've really enjoyed it. Amen. Do you enjoy that? Amen. Brother Caleb, you can you and brother Connor been thinking of that song Graves in the Garden. Can y'all do that one? There's nothing better. Can y'all do that tonight as they get ready to come? Can we do that? Let's go to F. We do that. I just want to pour my praise. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour [Music] I just want to pour. Sing that again now. I just want to pour [Music] I just want to pour my bra on you. I just want to pour. [Music] I just want to pour my You've been better for You've been better to me than I could ever, ever, ever. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pull my brain. You've been better cuz you been better to me. Yes, he has I could ever ever ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on you. I just wanna pour. [Music] I just wanna pour my praise on you. I just want to pour. I just want to pour. You've been better cuz you've been better better to me than I could ever ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pull out one more time now. because you been better to me than I could ever ever ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on you. Hallelujah. Is that your attitude tonight? Amen. God bless you. Now, you may be seated. Bless. I search the world. But it couldn't fill me. All man's empty praise in treasures that fade are never enough. Then you came along and put me back together. Now every desire is now satisfied here in your love. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. [Music] And I'm not afraid to show you my weakness. All my failures and flaws. Lord, you've seen them all. And you still call me friend. Cuz the God of the mountain is the God of the valley. [Music] There's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me again. Cuz there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing nothing is better than you. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. You turn graves into gardens. You turn bones into armies. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who can. You're the only one who can. [Music] There's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing nothing is better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you. Oh, there's nothing nothing is better than you. [Applause] You made a way. [Music] When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way. [Music] And we're standing here only because you made. Singing now. Promise the man of God comes. You move mountains. Wo. You move mountains. You cause walls to fall with your power. You perform miracles and there's nothing that's impossible. And we're standing here only because you made a way. Can you just lift a hand and sing it now? Oh, you. Thank you, Lord. Yes, he did. When my back was against the wall and it looked as if it was over. [Music] And we're here. [Music] You made the way. You made a way. [Music] When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was all, you made a way [Music] and was standing here only because you made a way. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Let's go ahead and have you all open your Bibles and we'll turn to Jonah chapter 1. Jonah chapter 1 and we're going to be starting at verse 7. And they said everyone to his fellow, "Come and let us cast lots that we know may know for whose cause this evil is upon us." So they cast lots and the lot fell upon Jonah. And they said unto him, Tell us, we pray thee, for whose cause this evil is upon us? What is thine occupation? And whence comest thou, and what is thy country, and of what people art thou? And he said unto them, I am in Hebrew, and I fear the Lord the God of heaven, which hath made the sea, and the dry land. Then were the men exceedingly afraid. And they said unto him, Why hast thou done this? For the men knew that he fled from the presence of the Lord because he had told them. And he said unto them, And they said unto him, "What shall we do unto thee, that the sea may be calm unto us? For the sea rot and was temptuous." And he said unto them, "Take me up and cast me forth into the sea. So shall the sea be calm unto you, for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you." Let's go ahead and pray. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this evening, Lord. And Lord, I know that this probably seems like a little bit of an odd section to to read from from what we know of the story of Jonah, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would just help to bring together the the thoughts and and what I've been contemplating and and studying and thinking on. Lord, may may you be the one that that brings everything together. Lord, may you be the one to to speak to the hearts of the people. Lord, I pray that you would just take control of of the vessel. Lord, help me to surrender myself, Lord. If there's anything that that I shouldn't say, I pray that you would block it away, Lord. And Lord, bring to my remembrance anything that maybe I didn't put in my notes, but that needs to be said this evening, Lord. May it just come forth and may it be a blessing to your people. Lord, we just commit the remainder of the service into your hands. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. You may all have your seats. Now, I didn't read on from there, but we all know that Jonah was cast into the sea and the great fish that was specially prepared swallowed him up. And the next thing we have is Jonah sitting in the belly of the fish down at the bottom of the sea. And I can just see Jonah sitting there asking himself, "How did I end up here?" How often in our lives do we ask oursselfves that same kind of question? How often do we find ourselves in a moment where we're sitting there and we're going, "How did I end up here? How did I end up in this position? How did I end up in this situation? And how did I end up facing or dealing with whatever it is that I'm dealing with? Was it random chance? Was it because of someone else's action that I can be blaming? Was it because of my own decisions or my own poor choices? We have those moments that come throughout life. And as I was thinking about this, it made me think of Pilgrim's Progress. I don't I'm sure all of us have seen or read some version of it. Um I don't know how many have actually read the original Pilgrim's Progress. Probably most of us have seen the newer, a little more modern type versions. But there's one thing when you go back to to Pilgrim Progress and early on in the story, you have Christian as he's going along his way and he's been told to go to the small wicker gate that will put him on the straight path that'll take him to where he can be set free of his burden. And he's going along after he's talked to Mr. evangelist and he's he's going along and he meets a well-dressed man that tells him, "But that gate is so far away. There's this little town that you can go to that's a little bit that's much closer. It's less dangerous, safer road to travel. And there are skilled people there that can probably help you be free of your burden." And so Christian decides, hey, I'm gonna take the easier way and I'm going to go to this other place in order to find out if I can be free of my burden. And so he leaves the path that he's been set on and begins to take this other road that's supposed to take him to the city. And I want to just read a a small section from it. And so says, "So Christian turned out of his way to go to Mr. Legality's house for help. But behold, when he was got now hard by the hill, it seemed so high, and also the side of it that was next to the wayside did hang over so much that Christian was afraid to venture farther, lest the hill should fall on his head. Wherefore there he stood still, and knew not what to do. Also his burden now seemed heavier to him than while he was on his way. There came also flashes of fire out of the hill that made Christian afraid that he should be burned. Here therefore he sweat and did quake for fear. And now he began to be sorry that he had taken Mr. Worldly Wise Man's counsel. And with that he saw evangelists coming to meet him at the sight also of whom he began to blush for shame. So evangelists drew nearer and nearer, and coming up to him, he looked upon him with a severe and dreadful countenance, and thus began to reason with Christian. "What doest thou here, Christian?" Evangelist said, at which words Christian knew not what to answer. Wherefore at present he stood speechless before him. Then said evangelist further, "Art thou not the man that I found crying outside the walls of the city of destruction?" Yes, dear sir, I am the man. Did I not direct thee the way to the little wicked gate? Yes, sir, said Christian. How is it then that thou art so quickly turned aside? For thou art now out of the way. I met with a gentleman so soon that I got over the sloth of despond who persuaded me that I might in the village before me find a man that would take off my burden. Evangelist says, 'What was he? Christian said, 'He looked like a gentleman and talked much to me and got me at last to yield. So I came hither. But when I beheld this hill and how it hangs over the way, I suddenly made a stand lest it should fall on my head. Skipping down a little bit further, evangelist goes through and begins to correct him and begins to point out where Christian had gone wrong. And it was up at the top there when evangelist said, "What doest thou here Christian? what are you doing here? And even you can if you're imagining the scene and think about it, you can even see Christian as he's standing there and he's asking himself the same question. How did I end up here? How did I end up in a place where I'm now afraid to move? I'm afraid to to step forward. I'm afraid to step back. I'm afraid I'm going to be burned alive if I stay right here. And like we mentioned, Jonah in the belly of the fish going, "How did I end up here?" Now, there are times that we end up in these types of situations because of our own decisions, because of the choices that we made. We end up putting ourselves in places that we come back and then are sitting there going, "How in the world did I end up here?" And when we're honest, we have to go and say it's not because of what someone else did or not because of what someone else said or whatever it might be, but it's because I made this choice and I ended up here. And we sit there and all of us in our Christian walk have had those times when we have to admit that we're there because of our own choices. But there are other times when we can end up in rough situations. There are other times when we can end up in places. And it's not always going to be because we made a bad decision or because we fell into sin or because we made the poor choices. Yes, we have plenty of those in our lives. And I think every one of us would raise our hands and go, "Yeah, that's happened lots. There have been lots of moments where we sit there and we ask that question, how did I end up here? And we have to admit, it's because of our own fault. It's because of our own stinking flesh leading us down the wrong path, leading us to the wrong place, leading us to the wrong thing. Proverbs chapter 19 and verse 21 says, "There are many devices." Now, devices also translate into the word plans. There are many plans in a man's heart. Nevertheless, the council of the Lord that shall stand. We go through life all the time coming up with our own plans, our own thoughts on how we're going to get somewhere, where we're going to end up, what we're going to end up doing. Particularly when we're younger, we're looking at so much of life ahead of us. You're planning out this is going to be my career. This is the kind of person that I want to marry. This is the kind of house we're going to have. This is the kind of Go through the list. of what it was that you were dreaming about going, "This is what I'm going to be able to do." And then you get further along in life and you go, "How did I end up here?" Because that wasn't what that wasn't what I planned back there. That wasn't what I was thinking when I was 18. That wasn't what I was thinking when I was 21. That wasn't what I was thinking when I was 16. That wasn't what I was thinking whatever. But this is where I am. But that's not what I was dreaming. That's not what I was imagining. That's not the plans that I had set forth in my life. Genesis chapter 16, we're going to be pulling in a lot of familiar scriptures we go through. So, Genesis chapter 16, starting at verse 6. But Abram said unto Sarah, "Behold, thy maid is in thy hand. do to her as it pleasth thee. And when Sarah dealt hardily with her, she fled from her face. And the angel of the Lord found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way to shore. And he said, Hagar, Sarah's maid, whence camest thou? And wither wilt thou go? In modern parlance, that's what are you doing here? Why are you here? What do thou hear? This isn't where you're supposed to be. So why are you here? And she said, "I flee from the face of my mistress, Sarah." And the angel of the Lord said unto her, "Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands." And the angel of the Lord said unto her, "I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude." And the angel of the Lord said unto her, Behold, thou art with child, and shall bear a son, and shall call his name Ishmael, because the Lord hath heard thy affliction, and he will be a wild man. His hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him, and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren. And she called the name of the Lord that spake unto her, Thou God seeest me. For as she said, have I also here looked after him that seeth me? We can end up in situations where we're asking the question, how did I end up here? And sometimes we can start to feel like God's forgotten us. God doesn't know where we're at. God doesn't know what's going on in our lives. God doesn't know what we're experiencing. God doesn't know the trials that I'm facing. And yet the scriptures remind us that he's the God that sees us. Whatever the situation, whatever we may be going through, whatever problems or challenges may be in our lives. Going to Job chapter 1 and verse 8 says, "And the Lord said unto Satan, hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that fearth God and is a shoeth evil?" Then Satan answered the Lord, and said, Doth Job fear God for not? Hast not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side? Thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land. But put forth hand now, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face. And the Lord said unto Satan, Behold, all that he hath is in thy power, only upon himself. Put not forth thine hand. So Satan went forth from the presence of the Lord. Job's another one that we can easily imagine. As he's sitting there in the ash heap, he's scraping the boils. I'd be willing to bet through his mind was going the question, "How did I end up here?" How did I end up in this position? Joe was there and in a lot of ways you can look at the situation with Hagar the same way. She hadn't done anything. She had done what she was commanded to do. She was the servant. She did what the mistress told her. And she's then out there going, "Why am I being treated badly? Why is this happening? What's going on? Job's sitting there scraping the boils and he's going, "How did I end up in this situation?" And yet in neither one of these situations are you looking at it and going, "Well, they have sinned and they're being punished for it." Now, we have, as I mentioned, plenty of those situations in our lives where we have to admit it's our fault. And yes, we're being punished because we made the decisions and we made the choices. But just because you're in a difficult place doesn't immediately mean that you're being punished for it. It doesn't immediately mean that you have made the wrong choices or done the wrong things. It can sure but it also could be God putting you through something. We've heard it so many times as different ministers will preach on Job and the fact that God could trust him enough to brag on him to Satan to go, "Have you considered my servant Job? Have you looked at him? Have you looked at the way he lives his life? Have you looked at how he carries himself? How he handles the different tests and how he handles the different situations that come along. And there are times in our lives where when you go into, okay, I'm going through a rough time. I'm going through the troubles. I need to do some self-examination. That is always the first place to start. When you're going through the trials, when you're going through the troubles, the first thing you do is look, okay, Lord, did I did I mess up? Is there something that I know in my heart I'm doing wrong that I need to confess that I now need to put before you step one. But if you go through and you're like, "No, Lord, I can have a clear conscience. I'm making the normal mistakes that happen, but there's not any pervasive sin in my life. There's not something that is continuing and over. It's just, well, Lord, that day I I lost my temper and I confessed I'm or this day I I did this thing, but it's not I'm still human, Lord. But overall, I can look at it and go, "Lord, there's nothing that's hanging around in my life that I'm going, I know this shouldn't be here. I don't have that pervasive sin, that possessing sin that's just staying in my life day after day, week after week, month after month." And then you do that examination. And then you're coming before the Lord going, "Okay, Lord, either what are you trying to teach me or where are you trying to direct me? Where are you taking me that I haven't thought about or I haven't imagined? It wasn't in my plan. Sure. But you have plans and you have a direction for my life. And you sit there and you're asking in the moment, how did I end up here? But now you're coming at it from a different angle. We've already cleared the fact, okay, I'm not here because of my own mess ups and screw-ups and my own stupid choices. So Lord, you have a reason for this. You have a purpose for this. You're allowing this to happen because you want to bring about something. You want to bring out a certain result from it. Isaiah 55 verse 8. For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. The Lord will use these testing times to shape us. He'll be using these testing times to mold us. He'll be using these hard times that we're looking at going, "Lord, I don't see how I brought this on myself. I don't see how I made the mistake." And then it's all too easy for us in that moment to go into the self-righteous or woe is me or but Lord, why? This shouldn't be happening. I'm living right. I'm doing what I should. Instead of falling into, all right, Lord, your ways are not my ways. And you have a purpose for this. You have a reason for this. I may not understand it. I may not be able to see why, but yet you still have a purpose. You're still leading me somewhere. And Lord, I just need to trust you. I just need to fall on you for it. Exodus chapter 14 and starting at verse one. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, speak unto the children of Israel that they turn in a camp before by Heroth between Mdul and the sea over against Bale Zafon. Before it shall ye encamp by the sea. For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel, "They are entangled in the land, the wilderness hath shut them in." And I will harden Pharaoh's heart that he shall follow after them. And I will be honored upon Pharaoh and upon all his host, that the Egyptians may know that I am the Lord." And they did so. Now, something I find interesting about this, and only recently has it stood out to me, is God tells Moses exactly what's about to happen. I had never really caught this in the story. But Moses wasn't surprised when Pharaoh showed up. God had already told him. Now, apparently, Moses didn't tell the people. Based on their reaction, they didn't know this was coming. But God had told Moses, he told his prophet, "I want you to camp here. I'm going to harden for Pharaoh's heart again." So, he's coming back. Pharaoh's coming after you again. Let's jump back in at verse 8. Exodus 14:8. And the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh, king of Egypt, and he pursued after the children of Israel. And the children of Israel went out with an high hand. But the Egyptians pursued after them all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh and his horsemen and his army and overtook them in camping by the sea. We're not going to read those words again. Beside that place. And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes. And behold, the Egyptians marched after them, and they were sore afraid. And the children of Israel cried out unto the Lord, and they said unto Moses, "Because there were no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? Wherefore hast thou dealt thus with us to carry forth out of Egypt? Is not this the world the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, Let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians. For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians than that we should die in the wilderness. How did I end up here? You can see all the children of Israel asking that same question again. But in that moment as they're asking, "How did I end up here?" They're already willing to go back to where they were. their freedom now doesn't hold the value because now they're looking at it as well overcoming that or being set free from that was not worth the price that I'm paying now or the price that it looks like I'm about to pay. Sometimes we can run into that kind of mindset where God has given us a victory. God has set us free somewhere. But that brings about other challenges. That brings about other tests and other trials. And we can start to look back and go, maybe that wasn't so bad. And we're sitting there still asking the question, how did I end up here? Because back there looks better. There's so many ways that that question will crop up in our lives. How did I end up here? And the mindset that we take when we go into that question, the purpose behind the question very much affects how we move forward from there. Like I said, if we're going to ask that question, great way to start is the self-examination of, okay, did I do something wrong? Did I mess up somewhere and now I'm getting a spanking that I deserve? If that's not true, then there's a purpose. There's a reason for this. The Israelites were willing to look back and go, you know, I was better off a slave than possibly dying here. As they asked the question, how did I end up here? They were willing to go back to where they were because here was not valuable in any way. Dropping in at verse 13. And Moses said unto the people, "Fear ye not. Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord, which he will show to you today. for the Egyptians whom you have seen today, you shall see them again no more forever. The Lord shall fight for you, and you shall hold your peace." And the Lord said unto Moses, "Wherefore cryst thou unto me, Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward? But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it. And the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea. And I behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them, and I will get me honor upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen. And the Egyptian shall know that I am the Lord, when I have gotten me honor upon Pharaoh, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen. Israel thought they had the victory. They had left Egypt with all the spoils. They had come out feeling like they were on top that they had everything. But then all it took was the enemy poking its head back up for them to willing to wave the white flag. We'll go back into servitude. Forget the fact that we were victors. We're willing to go back that way. You know, brother Brandham talked about this when he would talk to us about how we would get our victory over healing. And he said the same thing that Satan likes to double down on his attack after we've received our victory. In the sermon of test me on the scene, brother Brandham's speaking. And it says after the prayer has been made over this demon disease that you've got and all sickness is of the devil and then when that prayer has been made it's impossible for it not to happen as long as you believe that it does happen. Now you go to doubting it when the unclean spirit gone out of a man. He walks in dry places. Then he returns back with seven other devils worse than he was at the beginning. Now people watch that. They said, "Oh well now I got worse. Now, wait a minute. If you haven't doubted, just hold on because it's like a tumor or something. It's a group of cells and them cells has got to die. The life in those cells, the cells rot, and the heartbeat has to pack that infection through the bloodstream. See, you get 10 times worse than you were. But faith holds right there, no matter what takes place. Brother Random talks about that when it comes to physical healing. But I think that we can see that in other places of our lives, too, where we'll receive the victory and then things will flare up and seem like it's worse as we're being tested to see, are you going to hold on to it? You're going to sit there as it flares up and you're going to ask the question, "How did I end up here? It seems like it got worse." And you're going to have to answer and go either making the same choice that Israel did to go, I'm willing to go back because apparently I didn't get my victory. Apparently I didn't truly overcome. Apparently I didn't whatever. Or you're going to hold on to it in faith and go, "No, I won. God's given me the victory. You can't take it back. This is where I'm standing. This is what I'm keeping. Anyone looking at it from the outside, any great generals, anyone that looked at it from strategy would be looking at this going, "Well, whoever's leading Israel is stupid. They box them into a place where they can't escape. And now the Egyptians are going to sweep in and slaughter them and massacre them. It's all over. But God's thoughts are not our thoughts and his ways are not our ways. He doesn't work in the way that we look at. He doesn't work in the way that we call logical. He doesn't work in the way that always makes sense. Now, we know that God is a God that uses logic. 2 plus 2 equals 4. It always equals four. No matter what they may try to teach in new math or whatever, it always equals four. Period. And the fact that it's that way shows that God is a God of logic. He uses logic. He builds in rules. He builds in ways things work. But God can also work outside those. And God can work outside what we in our human minds think is logical because he's making us learn something or he's helping us learn something. He's helping us accomplish something that we wouldn't have thought of outside of that. First Kings chapter 19 starting at verse one. And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done, and with all how he had slain all the prophets with the sword. Then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah, saying, "So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by tomorrow about this time." And when he saw that, he arose and went for his life, and came to Beersa, which belongth to Judah, and left his servant there. But he went, he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree. And he requested for himself that he might die. And said, "It is enough now, O Lord, take away my life, for I am not better than my father's." And as he lay and slept under a juniper tree, behold, then an angel touched him and said unto him, "Arise and eat." And he looked, and behold, there was a cape, bacon on the coals, and a cruise of water his head. And he did eat and drink, and laid him down again. And the angel of the Lord came again the second time, and touched him, and said, "Arise, and because the journey is too great for thee." And he arose and did eat and drink, and went in the strength of that meat 40 days and 40 nights unto Horeb, the mount of God. And he came thither unto a cave, and lodged there. And behold, the word of the Lord came to him, and he said unto him, "What doest thou here, Elijah?" Elijah had gone through and had his great victory. He had destroyed the prophets. He had proven that God was real. God was alive. God was the one that all should worship. And then he had had his Monday as brother Brandham talked about. And he fled into the wilderness and he's under the juniper tree. He's struggling. He's fed. God gives him food, gives him water, lets him sleep, and then he travels and he ends up in a cave and God comes to him and God's the one who asks him, "What doest thou here?" I'm sure Elijah was probably asking himself the same question. He was probably having that moment of going, "How did I end up here?" But now God comes to him and God's the one asking the question, "What are you doing here?" Same way that we saw back with Sarah's maidervant going, "So why are you here?" Now God comes to his prophet and he's asking the same question going, "Why are you here? Why are you in a cave in the middle of nowhere? Why are you here? Verse 10. And he said, I have been very jealous for the Lord God of hosts. For the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword. And I, even I, only am left. And they seek my life to take it away. And he said, "Go forth and stand upon the mount before the Lord." And behold, the Lord passed by, and a great strong wind rent the mountains, and break in pieces the rocks before the Lord, but the Lord was not in the wind. And after the wind, an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake. And after the earthquake, a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire. And after the fire, a still small voice. And it was so when Elijah heard it that he wrapped his face in his mantle and went out and stood in the entering of the cave. And behold, there came a voice unto him and said, "What doest thou here, Elijah?" So the Lord's coming and he's asking him again, saying, Elijah, why are you here? Now, we don't look at this and think that God's asking this question because he hasn't been watching. He's not asking this question because he isn't already aware. This isn't like me walking into a room and finding someone unexpected there and going, "Huh? What are you doing here?" I'm asking because I don't know. That's why I would ask the question. God's not asking the question because he doesn't know. When God's asking this kind of question, he's inviting us into conversation. I don't especially after you read through how Brother Brandham talks about Elijah in this moment. I don't picture that God is coming in there and asking this in some accusing tone like, "Why in the world are you here? You're supposed to be over there working." You know, like some of the business owners might do with their employees. Why are you here when you're supposed to be over there? That's probably not how God approached it. when brother Brandham goes through and describes everything going with this and it's after the still small voice. So I can picture God coming in gently and just going Elijah why are you here? He's inviting him into conversation. He's inviting him into fellowship in that moment to go hey talk to me. Go ahead and vent a little. I'm giving you this opportunity to speak to me because he already knows what's happened. He knows the thoughts of our heart. He knows why Elijah's there. He knows what he's feeling. He knows what he's experiencing. He could have just come in and been like, "All right, Elijah, stand up. Let me tell you what you're going to do." But instead, he comes in. He goes, "Elijah, why are you here? Talk to me. Let's Let's converse for a little bit. I want you to share what's going on. Even though I already know it, I still want you to say it. I still want you to speak to me." Verse 14. And he said, "I have been very jealous for the Lord God of hosts, because the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword, and I, even I only am left, and seek thy life." And they seek my life to take it away. And the Lord said unto him, "Go, return on thy way to the wilderness of Damascus, and when thou comest, anoint Hazel to be king over Syria. And Jahu the son of Nimshi shalt thou anoint to be king over Israel. And Elisha the son of Chafhat of Abelam, yeah, shalt thou anoint to be prophet in thy room. And it shall come to pass that him that escapeth the sword of Haziel shall Jahu slay. and him that escapeth from the sword of Jahu shall Elisha slay. Yet I have left me 7,000 in Israel, all the knees which have not bowed unto Baal, and every mouth which hath not kissed him. What doest thou here, Elijah? Elijah's sitting here and in a lot of ways he's feeling like he's a failure. Yes, he had this great victory, but now they're out to kill him. He feels alone. He feels like everything that he's done up till now isn't actually worth anything. He hasn't accomplished anything. Even though he had this great victory, it didn't matter. And he's sitting here feeling alone and feeling rejected. And God comes down and invites him into conversation. Starts off with the question asking, "What doest thou here? What are you doing here? Talk to me. Tell me what you're facing." And then his response to talk to the prophet that feels alone and feels like he has no purpose. He says, "Here's your job. Here's what you're going to do next. You're going to go do this, this, and this. I'm going to give you purpose again." And you feel alone. So, let me just go ahead and tell you that you've got 7,000 brothers and sisters that haven't bent the knee. You may not know all their names. You may not know all of their faces, but I do because I can tell you the precise number of how many there are. and you're going to at least know one name because I'm telling you, you're going to go anoint Elisha. He's going to be the prophet after you. And so, he's going to walk alongside you. He's going to be there with you for the next little while so that you're not walking alone. Elijah's in this moment when he's just sitting there and he's asking himself the question, "How did I end up here? You know, it's something that I have looked at through the Bible at different times and maybe at some point I'll preach on more of them. But when God asks questions, first off, let's start with the with admitting God doesn't have to ask questions. He already knows. So he never asks a question because he's trying to find out something or trying to gain knowledge. As humans, when we ask questions, most of the time it's because we don't know. However, how many times, particularly for all of us that are parents, how many times have we asked our kids a question already knowing the answer? You know, I'll go up to my son Paul and be like, "Paul, did you feed the dog breakfast this morning? I already know he didn't. I know he hasn't been anywhere near the dog's bowl. So, I'm not asking because I want information because I don't know. I'm asking to try to get him to go feed the dog. That's probably not actually the best way to approach it, but I'd be willing to bet most parents have done this where we go ask the question, "Have you done this? Have you seen this? Have you whatever?" And we already know the answer. Well, every time God asks, he already knows the answer. There are plenty of times I ask my kids questions because I don't know. and I'm trying to find out. There are plenty of times I ask people at work or around the church or ask friends or whatever. You ask them a question because you don't know something. But when God asks a question, it's always with a different purpose. He's not asking because he doesn't know, but he's asking to point out something or to pull us in. Or in this situation, like I said, I truly believe this was him inviting Elijah into conversation and into fellowship. He was going to his hurting prophet. He was going to the prophet that was struggling after he had just had his great victories and he was saying, "Hey, talk to me about it. Tell me what you're feeling. Tell me what you're facing. Tell me what you're dealing with." In the sermon Brother Brandon preached, "What doest thou here?" He says, "And Elijah was trying with a heart in him of God, trying to show the people that God was still God, and it had backfired on him, and he run out into the wilderness when he heard it. And there he laid under the juniper tree, trying to find consolation. He had sent his servant away and left him." Now, our story goes in three different places, one Mount Carmel, the next under the juniper tree, and the third place God meets him, he's in a cave. And it's very strange. pastor here knows and other ministers, watch after your Mount Carmels, you're going to have a juniper tree. Whenever a man has a blessing and the power of God pours down and does something for you, look out. Satan is on the track. Just remember the next day, that Monday, after a good day on Sunday, it's going to be a hard thing because he's going to do everything he can to knock that confidence out of you that the Holy Spirit instilled in you the day before. What is thou here? There are times in our lives where we're sitting back and we're having the self-reflection and we're going, "How did I end up here?" But there are times in our lives when God comes and he's talking to us and he'll be asking the question, "What doest thou hear?" He'll come up to you and go, "How did you end up here?" And you know, God can ask it in a lot of different ways. Sometimes he's asking and he's going up and going, "Brother Merl, how did a Baptist boy end up here? How did you end up getting out of that to go into the message and end up here in Ponyie? Sometimes God's coming into you asking that question to get you to start reflecting on the things that God's done in your life and how he's brought you through and what he's brought you to. Other times, God comes and is asking the question the same way he asked Elijah because he knows you're going through some struggles. He knows you're facing some challenges. And as you're sitting there down in the dumps, as you're sitting there like Job in the ash heap scraping your boils and God comes up and goes, "How did you end up here? Talk to me. How did you end up?" and you're struggling with the thoughts of mental oppression or depression or these different things going on. And brother Brandham said often that those with the greatest gifts are the ones that end up in that low place the most often. Those that have a gift in worship or have a gift singing or have a gift in ministry or have a gift in prayer, have a gift in this or that. When you have this gift that God is able to use and then you step away from his presence, you crash down lower, but yet God will still come back to you and go, "What are you doing here? How are you sitting here? What's going on? What is it that you're feeling right now? What are the thoughts that are running through your mind as you know, maybe like Elijah, you're sitting there going, I've failed. I thought that I had I thought that what I was doing mattered. I thought it was important. And now it seems like nothing I've done accounted for every anything. Now, it seems like nobody cares about me. I'm all alone. Nobody understands what I'm going through. Nobody understands what I'm facing. Lord, you may as well just kill me is what Elijah says. And yet, God will come to us in those moments and he'll invite us into conversation. He'll invite us in to fellowship. And maybe he doesn't use those exact words. Maybe he's not going in your heart. What are you doing here? But he'll come and he'll talk to you and he'll invite you back into the fellowship because we know that's what God is craving from his bride. That's why God created man in the first place. He created us for fellowship. He created us for relationship. Satan's the one who wants to separate it. Satan's the one who wants to cut us off. Satan's the one who wants us to feel like we're all alone and like nothing matters. But even in these struggles, even in the times when we're facing and we don't know how we're going to get out of the dark place. Elijah was in a cave and God comes to him and goes, "What doest thou here?" He'll invite us in our struggles. He'll invite us in those hard places to say, "Hey, let's sit down and talk." It's like when you go over to a family member's house and they're like, "Pull up a chair. Let's sit in the dining room. Let's Let's hash things out a little bit. I guarantee because I've seen it at least a few times. Brianna has gone over to her mom and dad's house and pulled out a chair and sat down and just started pouring out everything that she's been dealing with, everything she's been whatever struggles it might have been. I'd be willing to bet that there are times that Sister Mary has gone to her mom's house and pulled out a chair and sat down and started pouring out what she was dealing with or what she was facing. We have different ones that we'll go to and God is there inviting us into that same relationship to go, "Hey, I want you to talk to me." We go through these different situations in our lives where we sit there and we ask the question, "How did I end up here?" Like I said at the beginning, I start starting off with the most obvious of I messed up. That's how I ended up here. But there there are other times in our lives where we ended up in a place because God has a reason. God has a purpose. God has a plan. And maybe the purpose of the struggle is simply because God wants you to sit down and talk to him a little more. Maybe we just need to be slowed down a little bit so that we're willing to sit down in that chair and have a chat instead of being so busy with life, instead of being so busy with everything that's going on around us. What doest thou here? Romans chapter 8 verse 28. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose. Everything that we're going through life, every struggle, every problem, there's a reason and there's a purpose. And it may be the purpose is simply for our perfecting because God's putting us through things in order to shape us, in order to bring us to that state of perfection that he wants from his bride and from his people. But there are other times when he's bringing it bring us through something because he's trying to direct us somewhere. Maybe he's trying to teach us something that then we'll be able to share with someone else down the road that we'll be able to connect with them because hey, I've been there. I've sat in that same spot. I've sat on that same ash heap. I've been in that same cave when God came and spoke to me and said, "What doest thou here?" It doesn't always have to. It's not always because we messed up. Even though that may be a lot of the time in our lives, but there are the other times and I think this one stands out just so beautiful that God would come to his prophet and like I said there's nowhere there's no quote I can say for this. There's no corresponding scripture where I go this absolutely says that I am completely right in my belief. But as I read through the story and I'm imagining, I'm looking at I'm going, "This is God inviting him into fellowship, into relationship." Because he knew the answer. He knows why he's there. And he's speaking to him out of a still small voice. He's not speaking to him out of the thunder. So he's not yelling at him. He's not roaring at him. He's not He's speaking to them out of the still small voice to his wounded, hurting prophet. So often we go through those moments where we're the wounded in the hurting. We feel like we're alone. We feel like we don't have a purpose. We feel like we've messed everything up. Why did God even make me? Why am I even here? Why did God allow me to be born? And God comes and he's wanting to talk to us. He's wanting to remind us that our ultimate purpose is the relationship with him. You know, we may not have the purpose that we're going to end up being the president of the United States or we're going to end up being the CEO of some big corporation or we're going to end up being, you know, have our our name up in lights and everybody knows us or, you know, we'll even go smaller, being the mayor of a city or whatever that, you know, we could end up being your career is you're a janitor for your entire life or you're the garbage man for your entire life or you're working in the post office your entire life. You could end up being one of those that a lot of people would probably look down on as one of those ah that's that's one of those menial type positions. Or you could have spent most of your life working in fast food. But yet God's main purpose for us, for every one of us, and all you kids on the front row especially, listen to this because this is something that you're going to need to hold on to as you're going through life is your main purpose. Your main reason for being born, your main purpose, your main reason for being here is because God wants a relationship with you. God wants to talk to you. It's not anything the world looks at and we go, "Wow, it's so amazing." It's not anything the world will look at and go, "They're so talented. They're so wealthy. They're so this, that, or the other." And God could still give some of you some type of position that puts you in lights in some way. That's up to him. But even if he does, that's not your main purpose. That's not your main reason for being here. Your main reason for being here isn't because of your spouse. Your main reason for being here isn't because of your kids. Your main reason for being here is to have the relationship with God and to have that fellowship and that relationship back and forth. And in the times when we're struggling, in the times when we're hurting, God will come in and he will invite us back into it. When we're feeling like we're alone, when we're feeling like we can't take the struggles, Sister F, when you feel like you're going crazy, he'll still come in. and he'll be inviting you back going, "Talk to me. Tell me about your struggles." Brother Colby, in your darkest times, he comes in. He says, "Hey, talk to me." He says, "What are you doing here? And he knows why you're there. He knows what brought you to that place. Whether it was his leading, whether it was your own stupidity, he knows why you're there. But he still invites you into relationship. He invites you into that conversation because he's not leaving you behind. He's not leaving you alone. He's calling you back in. Brother Brandham says that sermon, "What doest thou here?" after he goes through and brother Brandham's expressing the whole story and he's talking through all the different steps and what Elijah was dealing with and what it's like for a minister for different ones and then he comes through paragraph 112 and what doest thou hear? Brother Brandham says, "And when Elijah heard that still small voice, nothing bothered him." God comes and he speaks to you out of the still small voice. He invites you back in to conversation, back into fellowship. And that's the moment when you can let all the cares slip away. When he speaks to you from the still small voice, nothing bothers you anymore because he's now shutting you away. He's now bringing you in and drawing you close and speaking to you and all the rest doesn't matter. as the musicians come. What doest thou hear? Jeremiah chapter 29 verse 11 says, "For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and ye shall seek me and find me when you shall search for me with all your heart. Matthew chapter 25 and verse 21. The parable of the talents, his lord said unto him, well done, thou good and faithful servant. Thou has been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of thy Lord. We have those moments in our life where we're sitting down and we're asking that question, how did I end up here? How did I end up in this spot? How did I end up in the middle of this struggle or this situation? How did I end up so far away from what I had imagined or what I had planned or what I had dreamed? And after we go through confessing and dealing with anything where we have to admit that it was our poor choices, our poor decisions, our sin that led us to a spot. Once we've dealt with all that, once that's all under the blood, we've confessed, we've laid aside all of those, and now we're laying here, and God's there to speak to us in the midst of our trial, in the midst of our struggle, in the midst of the dark places, God comes in and invites us back into fellowship, invites us into conversation. He doesn't come and ask the questions because he's been on a journey and doesn't know what we've been doing or because he's been sleeping and doesn't know what's happening using the things that Elijah taunted the other priests with. But he's fully aware. He knows what we're struggling with. He knows what we're facing. And he comes and he speaks to us because he wants to talk. because he wants us to pour out our heart to him. He wants us to pour out our struggles to him. He wants us to pour out our hopes and our dreams. And yes, he wants to pour out our plans. Even though it's not going to happen that way, he wants us to share with him and he wants to speak back to our heart. And whether that's he's speaking back directly to our heart. Whether it's he's speaking to us through the scriptures, whether it's he's speaking to us through a prophet's message, or whether he's speaking to us through a text that a brother or sister sent you, he's inviting us into communion. He's inviting us into relationship. [Music] God doesn't ask questions lightly. He doesn't go through in the scriptures and ask questions for no reason. It's the same thing when people talk about if God says something multiple times and we should pay attention. Well, if God's asking a question when he's already the all- knowing, allseeing God, then we should probably pay attention to the question and probably pay attention to why he's asking it. What doest thou here? Let's all bow our heads. [Music] Lord Jesus, you brought each of us to this place along the journey for a reason. Lord, you've brought us each to this moment of time for a purpose. And Lord, maybe we don't understand where we're going. Maybe we don't understand exactly where you want us to end up at. But Lord, we can trust you that you're directing us, Lord. That you're in control, that you're that you have the plans for our lives, Lord. And that your ways are so much better than our ways, and your thoughts are so much better than our thoughts. Lord, I pray that you would help us just to take a moment right now, Lord, to have that conversation with you, Lord. Lord, maybe we've fallen into the trap of just the generic prayers of Lord, I lay me down to se sleep and bless this food. Amen. Maybe we've fallen into the trap of being so busy that we're not truly entering into fellowship with you. And Lord, on this Sunday night, Lord, when we're away from the world for a little bit, Lord, and we're in the quiet and we don't need to be caught up in concerns for Oh, I've got to get to this store, finish this errand or do this or do that, [Music] but Lord, right now just to come into your presence and and just speak with you, Lord, and just share what's going on in our hearts. Just share what we're feeling, Lord. those that weren't able to to be here tonight, that weren't feeling well, that are at home streaming, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray right now that you would give them the a few moments of quiet, Lord, that you would allow them to enter into that same place where they can hear your voice, Lord, and they can speak back to you, Lord, as you invite them into conversation, invite them into relationship, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for directing our lives. Lord, we thank you for for not letting our plans run the course that we might have wanted. Lord, we thank you for correcting us when we need correction. And Lord, we thank you that there are times in our lives where you just trusted us enough to send the trial our way. Lord, thank you for everything that you do for us, Lord. Lord, I don't want to pass by this opportunity, Lord, to to remember our pastor that's out traveling, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray that you would just bless him while he's up north, Lord Jesus. That you would give him traveling mercies on the way home, Lord. that Lord, you would strengthen him and that you would lift him back up, Lord, as he's been feeling tired and weary himself, Lord. Lord, may you meet him. May you take a few moments, Lord, to to speak to your tired servant for a little bit, Lord. May you just bless him in a special way. Lord, we commit the week ahead in your hands, Lord, and pray that you would help us not to to lose sight of of our relationship with you, Lord. Help us not to get so caught up in the busyiness of life and the deadlines and the the things that have to be done that we have to take care of. Well, Lord, help us always be willing to slow down, Lord, to to take that moment just to to speak to you, Lord. Thank you for loving us, Lord. Thank you for wanting to to be in conversation with us. Thank you for wanting to to have the relationship with us, Lord. Lord, we just thank you for all that you do for us. Lord, we just worship you right now, Lord Jesus. [Music] Come by here. Come by here by [Music] you, Lord. Come by here. [Music] I really need you, Lord. Come by here. [Music] I really need you, Lord. [Music] Come by here. [Music] Oh Lord, come by. Oh, come by him alone. Come by him. Come by him, my Lord. Come by here. [Music] Come by him, my Lord. [Music] Come by him, [Music] oh Lord. Come by here. [Music] [Music] Lord, [Music] come here. [Music] Oh, come by here. [Music] Come by here. Oh [Music] mighty. Sometimes God just calls us into the quiet to just talk to him for a little bit. Sometimes he just wants you to, you know, sometimes he wants us just not to rush out of service quite so fast. Just enjoy being in his presence. Enjoy worshiping him. Enjoy talking to him. Enjoy listening to what he's saying to your spirit, to your your heart. A lot of times we're especially after morning service, we're rushing off to get to lunch. We're rushing off to, you know, Wednesday night, we're rushing to get home because we got work the next day and it's late. You know, years that I've been here, I've to me I've seen it seems like Sunday night always seems to be a little bit special. I know there are a lot of churches that have gone to only one service and I'll be the first one to admit. There are plenty of days where it would be nice to only have one service and get to just rest at home. But with those Sunday evenings when we're not rushing off so much because it's not so late that we have to get to bed for work the next day. It's not rushing off for the meal and we're not doing this that the other. We're just letting the spirit hover a little bit. We're just willing to sit in his presence and just let him speak to us. Those are the moments that the Lord can do something. And it doesn't mean that we need to be up at the altar weeping. It doesn't mean that we need to be going up and getting prayed for, but in the pew, just being willing to be in his presence and just being willing to stay in his presence and let him speak. So, tonight I'm going to do something a little bit different, but Colby is just going to keep playing. Y'all are able to dismiss yourselves when you're ready. Take a few moments. Just talk to the Lord. Go when you feel you need to go. Stay if you need to stay. [Music] Lord bless you all. [Music] Lord [Music] Jesus, I love you. I couldn't imagine. [Music] [Music] [Music] Because I've been so faithful. Because I've been so good. Oh my [Music] to provide my youon. You were there through all my pain. [Music] God in my footsteps through the shelter from the rain. [Music] It was you [Music] made my life. You are my Jesus. I love you. [Music] I couldn't imagine [Music] [Music] if you weren't There you are. The joy of my salvation. You're the peace in my store. Love arms protect. Yes, it does. You sh me from harm. You're the omega, the beginning and the end. [Music] my strong tower. You're my dearest and best friend. It was you who made my life. You are my Jesus. I love you. Can you say that now? Because you cared. Yes. I couldn't imagine if you weren't there. Oh Jesus, I love you because you care. I couldn't imagine you were there. Jesus, I love you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Jesus, I love you. I love you. Jesus, I love you. I love you. [Music] Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Jesus, I love I love [Music] you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I could imagine you weren't there. Oh Jesus, I love you. I could imagine you were there. Can we do that verse one again? Not because this is me. [Music] provide my need. You were there when I was lonely. You were there through all my pain. God in my footsteps through the shelter from the rain. It was you made my life. [Music] You are my [Music] Jesus. I love you. [Music] I couldn't imagine you weren't there. Jesus, I love you. [Music] I could imagine you weren't there. [Music] Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. [Music] Hopeless cage [Music] empty place if not for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I was lost but now I'm found hopeless empty. [Music] Where would I be? Where would I be? You only know [Music] that you see through eyes of love. [Music] If not for grace to see a light, where would I be? Would I be [Music] Thank you, Lord. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. I love this part. I was a hopeless case. Such an empty place and empty [Music] if not for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. [Music] A hopeless case, an empty place, not for grace. Where would I be? Would I be [Music] glad you see through eyes of love [Music] and empty grave? I love you and I live my voice to worship. Oh my soul bey. [Music] Take your king what you hear. Oh, let it be sweet. [Music] [Music] Once again now I love you [Music] and I live my voice to Worship you all my soul. [Music] Take your king [Music] what you hear. more than a sweet. [Music] Can y'all sing it now? We play softly. I love you, Lord. [Music] [Music] Great. [Music] [Music] Sweet. [Music] I think I offer up the sh Sacrifice of praise. Lord, I seek in this world. [Music] Create in me a holy heart. Let my tongue proclaim your praise. precious name. You alone is my highest [Music] praise. Once again, oh [Music] with [Music] I offer up the sacrifice of praise. Oh Lord, I see in this holy place. [Music] Create in me a holy heart. Let my tongue proclaim your precious name. You alone deserve my highest praise. Lord our hands I offer up this sacrifice of praise. Lord I see in this world [Music] create in me a clean heart and let my tongue proclaim your preious name. You alone my highest praise. You alone. [Music] I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. [Music] Oh, that fills me with peace, washes over me like the sweet and the rain. I love the secret place, Lord. It brings the victory. [Music] No matter what I face through all of my days, I love to sing your praise. [Music] I love to sing your name. I love the sound of your name.
