################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-07 - 2025-09-07 Bro Wendall Martin Identified By Scripture - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-07
Title:    2025-09-07 Bro Wendall Martin "Identified By Scripture"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 11m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvghKrftoYg
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
tell you of our love. [Music] Amen. Would you like to stand this morning? [Music] Open up the service with prayer. Ask brother Harry if you'd come and lead us in prayer. We do have some requests here this morning. Amen. From for little Ezekiel is at home sick. So his mama was with him there. So let's remember him this morning. So also a need for sister Angie Bendabout with the believe an earachche. Is that right, brother Donald? Remember sister Angie Bendabout. and also request for Sister Carol who's got a real bad backachche this morning. So, let's remember Sister Carol. Amen. I know know what's that's like. Amen. It's good to see Sister Angie McDougall with us this morning. Amen. It's good to see the Apple Gates and just everybody. Amen. Any other special needs to be brought for the church? Amen. All right. Amen. If you have a unspoken request, Amen. Just let God know. Amen. By the uplifted hand. Amen. Defying gravity this morning. Amen. So, let's go to prayer this morning. Brother Harry. God bless you, [Music] Lord Jesus. We come into your presence this morning, Lord. Lord, we thank you for allowing us this this privilege and this ability, Lord, to be able to commune with you, Lord, to be able to enter into your presence and bring the the cares and concerns of earth to you, Lord. Lord, as always, we're we're a needy people, Lord. And Lord, we just lift before you these requests that have been spoken. Lord, for Ezekiel that is at homesick. Lord, we pray that you would just touch him, Lord Jesus. That Lord, you would just help him to to feel better, Lord, to recover from whatever the sickness is, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would be with Sister Angie Bendabout, Lord, with this ear infection that she's been dealing with, Lord, and the pain from it, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray that you would just go in and that you would drive out this infection. Lord, that you would Lord, help her to to feel strong, Lord, that she would be able to Lord, I saw that you wrote that she had the desire to be in in church this evening if she can just feel a little bit better. And Lord, I pray that you would just clear the path for her, Lord Jesus. That you would take away that pain, take away that infection, Lord, that you would be able to to gather with the the believers once more as her desire is, Lord. Lord, we lift before you Sister Carol, Lord. And Lord, we pray that you would just touch her body, Lord, as Lord, we know that she's always busy, always working, Lord. And Lord, she has those grandchildren to be helping to raise and take care of, Lord. And Lord, we pray that you would just touch her in a special way, Lord. That you would give her the the strength that she needs to to to continue to to take care of them, Lord, to continue to lead by example, Lord. And Lord, may you just bless her in a special way, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray that you would just be in our service this morning, Lord, as Lord, we've come to hear from you, Lord. We've come to to just be in your presence, Lord. And Lord, we know that we have our our our meetings coming up, Lord, but but Lord, we also know that we don't have to wait for for Thursday to be able to get something from you, Lord. you you've given us this opportunity today, Lord, to to gather to to worship you, to hear from you, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would help us just to to pull on the gift that you've placed in your servant, Lord. Lord, may you speak to the needs on the hearts of the people, Lord. May we come in and Lord, may we just feel your presence from the very beginning of the service, Lord, and just know that you're here with us, Lord. That we don't have to wait for special services. We don't have to wait for a different day, Lord. But Lord, right now, today, Lord, we can we can be in your presence and we can hear from you and we can draw just a little bit closer, Lord. Lord, we just commit the remainder of the service into your hands, Lord. Be in our worship, be in with our brother as he would preach, Lord. And Lord, just may everything that is said and done be pleasing to you, Lord. We just love you and we thank you for all that you do for us. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. If you'd like to turn around and greet one another as we sing this song. Amen. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight just to see all the happy faces praising God in heavenly places. What a thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Oh, watch joy his love affords when we meet in one accord. And we lift our hearts in praise unto his name. [Music] There's no place I'd rather than with the ones who've been set free. I'm so glad I'm in God's great big family. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight. All the happy faces praising God. Heavenly places. What a thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful. Well, it can be just anywhere. two or three are gathered there that the spirit of the Lord will be there too. There's no fellowship so sweet. There's no thrill that can compete with the thrill I feel whenever God's children meet. Oh, I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight. [Music] Praising God. Heavenly places. What a thrill that I feel when I get together with God. One more time. Well, I love this thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Love the thrill when I get together with God's wonderful. What a sight just to see all the happy faces praising God. Heavenly places. What a thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. [Music] Think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Think about his grace that he's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Oh, great is the measure of Father's love. Oh, think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that he's brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our father's love is true love. Great is the measure of As ushers come. Sing it one more time. Think about it. Oh, think about it. Oh, think. Oh, think on these things. We'll think about his grace and that he's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our father's love. It's good love. Great is the measure of our father's love. Last two lines. Oh, I say great is the measure of our father's love. Can you give him a praise this morning? You know great that love, unfailing love. Amen. Brother, would you ask the blessing? Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to come in your house, Lord. Lord, I just pray to bless these tithes and these offerings. best individ name. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; I've heard of a land of joy and peace and wonderful light. A beautiful place of mansions fair. Skies ever bright where all who believe my savior dear forever shall stay. Having been saved by grace divine. I'm going that way. I'm going that way. I'm going that way. And Jesus, the Savior I adore, is with me each day. I'm a clinging to him and never to stray. Singing his praises all day long. I'm going that way. The glorious news I tell and sing as onward I go. that those who are still astray in sin, my savior may know. I want them to sing his praise above some beautiful day for glory to him who died for me. I'm going that way. I'm going that way. I'm going that way now. And Jesus the savior I adore is with me each day. I'm a clinging to him and never to stray. Singing his praises. Oh come on now young people. It's not that old a song. Sing another verse. I know I shall meet him at the gate when trials are passed. I know I shall meet him face to face in glory at last. And know I believe that when we meet, well done, he will say for trusting his so redeeming love. I'm going that way. I'm going that way. I'm going that way. And Jesus a savior I adore with me each day. I'm a clinging to him and never to stray. Singing his praises all day long. I'm going that way. I'm going that way. I'm going that way. And Jesus the savior I adore is with me each day. I'm clinging to him [Music] and never to stray. Singing his praises all day long. I'm going that way. Yes. Singing his praises all day long. I'm going that way. Oh, did he put a joy and praise in your heart? Amen. We ought to be the happiest people on the face of the earth. Amen. Because we're going that way. Amen. Clinging to him. Amen. Never to stray. Amen. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus. Oh, cuz he's on the way with us. Well, if you want the healing, tell him what you want. Whatever verse that is. Wants your healing. Tell him what you want. If you want your healing, tell him what you want. Jesus on the man. If you want salvation. If you want salvation, just tell him what you want. If you want salvation, tell him what you want. But if you want salvation, you got to tell him what you want. Jesus all the man. Well, call him up. Well, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. You can just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus. So, we got another verse tonight now. Well, if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. He'll go with you in you. Tell him what you want. If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. She's on the main line. Call him up. Call him up. Well, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Oh, it's a tollfree number. Well, call him up. Call him up. Even though it's long distance one. Oh, Jesus on the main. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. There's still Jesus on the main line this morning. Tell him what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line now. Is Jesus on the main line now? How many's talked to him and it changed your life. Amen. When he answered your call. Amen. Amen. He's always ready. Amen. Like we heard the other night, there's always an there's an invitation. Amen. from brother Michael. Amen. It's an open invitation. Amen. I'm so glad I accepted. Amen. His invitation. Amen. As uh brother Caleb Farweather gets ready to come this morning and he's been he's been gone a while. Went to cross country. Amen. At least it wasn't on skis like his brother. Amen. But uh went up to Seattle, I hear. So, uh, we want him to get ready to come and bless bless our hearts with a song. Amen. We're in G, right? So, Amen. Jesus Messiah. Oh, Jesus Messiah. Name above all. name. Our blessed redeemer. [Music] He's Emmanuel means God with us. [Music] The rescue for sin, the ransom for heaven. [Music] Oh Jesus, Messiah, Lord of all. [Music] He became sin who knew no sin that we might become his rightousness. He humbled himself and he carried my cross. [Music] Oh, love so amazing. Oh, love so amazing. Jesus, [Music] the name above all, [Music] blessed redeemer, [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] a rescue for sin. [Music] the ransom from heaven. [Music] Oh Jesus our Messiah, Lord of all. Got to sing that again. Oh Jesus Messiah. His name is above all names. Blessed redeemer [Music] Imuel [Music] and senders the ransom from heaven. [Music] Oh Jesus Messiah, [Music] Lord of all. [Music] Amen. Thank you, Lord, for being our Messiah. You may be seated this morning. Amen. God bless you, brother. Could I get the words to graves in the gardens, please? And I searched the world, but it couldn't fill me. And all man's empty praise. Treasures that fade never enough. Then you came along. [Music] and put me back together. Now every desire is now satisfied here in your love. Cuz there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you. There's nothing nothing is better than you and I'm not afraid to show you my weakness. All of my failures and flaws. You've seen them all and you still call me friend. Cuz the God of the mountain is the God of the valley. [Music] And there's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me again. Cuz there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Cuz there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you. There's nothing, nothing is better than you. [Music] You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. You turn graves into gardens. You turn bones into armies. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who can. You're the only one who can. There's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you. There's nothing nothing is better than you. There's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you. There's nothing. Nothing is better than you. [Music] [Applause] Amen. As we stand, I found nothing better than him that this world can offer. If you haven't noticed, the world is falling apart. That was preached many, many years ago. It's being fulfilled today. &gt;&gt; Amen. The world is as far as the natural world that God created is held held together by the word of God. So if you don't, this world has rejected the word. So this world has no choice but to fall apart. Amen. But something is holding us, keeping us together. Amen. Also as a body of believers. Amen. fitly joined together. Amen. Loving one another. Amen. Jesus told his disciples, "Would you above all things love one another?" Amen. It's the bond. Amen. Of love. And Amen. I'm thankful for that this morning. Amen. You enjoyed that song this morning? Amen. Nothing better than you. Thank you, brother Caleb. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, let's just sing another song. Amen. As the man of God gets ready to come. Amen. It was on my heart. Something keeps holding me. Amen. Help me sing it this morning. Amen. If something's holding you. Amen. Indeed, I believe. Amen. The trials. The trials. Is that too low? The trial of this world was getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. [Music] I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trial. Oh, guiding me constantly, giving me victory [Music] is a reality. Something keeps holding me. Satan laid before me his temptation and his desire to steal away my faith. But I have found in time. The revelation the strength I need to keep me in his grace. Oh son keeps holding me. Every day I sing. Oh helping me faithfully to overcome my trial. Oh, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Oh, he's a reality. Something keeps Oh, with all your heart now. Oh, something keeps me. I see. Oh my go [Music] [Applause] [Music] something keeps holding me. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Amen. Amen. Something keeps holding me. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. It's him. He holds you, strengthens you. Amen. Fulfills his word through you. Amen. Good to see everyone in the house of the Lord here this morning. And um uh we sure uh are glad to see brother Caleb Farweather make it back home and and uh and enjoyed that song this morning. He gets better and better every time we hear him. Amen. So we appreciate we sure appreciate brother. Not not that it wasn't good at the beginning. But I I can I just really enjoy it. And uh just good to see everyone here uh in the house of the Lord today. And uh the Lord has blessed us with some wonderful weather, hasn't he? Amen. Just been so good to have um have a little bit of reprieve from that that heat. And u so I just know God has something really special for for every one of us here. Why don't we look here in the uh book of 2 Corinthians the um we'll look here at uh 2 Corinthians 3 and start at the 14th verse. Um we're looking forward to our meeting that is coming up and um so uh today will be the last um of the services uh until so tonight will be our last service until the meeting and we're going to dismiss this this Wednesday night will be dismissed and then we'll have Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday morning, Saturday night and Sunday morning. And um uh I would encourage uh everyone to just make all those services and invite people from your job, your friends, where wherever you're at, let them all know that that revival is coming to town. Amen. And um I I think uh it'll it'll be wonderful. Let's let's look here at at 2 Corinthians 3:14. But their minds were blinded. For unto this day remains the same veil untaken away in the reading of the Old Testament, which veil is done away in Christ. But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the veil is upon their heart. Nevertheless, when it shall turn, the heart shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. Now the Lord is that spirit and where the spirit of the Lord is there is liberty. Somebody say liberty. But we all with open or unveiled face, beholding as in a glass or a mirror the glory of the Lord are changed into that same image from glory to glory even as by the spirit of the Lord. Amen. So this morning I want to I want to take a title the sons of God are identified by scripture. Amen. We're and and um we're in the same vein that these other brothers have been in for uh I think we've all been in that same vein for a while. And so I I was glad when brother Michael preached that uh last Sunday night. I thought this is exactly what I've been thinking in my heart. So let's let's con let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercies and your love. Thank you for your word, Lord, for it is through your word that we find who we are. And so, Lord, we're just asking that your Holy Spirit would would be here. Lord, we can read the scripture. Lord, I can uh uh read my notes, but God, I I pray that your anointing would be here today, Lord, to make it real to us, Lord. make it living. &gt;&gt; Father, you see those that aren't here today and I pray that you'll be with them and strengthen them, heal them, and encourage them, Father. Lord, we love you with all of our heart and we're so thankful for all that you are. And we're looking forward to what you're going to do in our upcoming meeting, Lord. And we just give you glory and honor in Jesus name we pray. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; And amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Um we are uh again it's good to have my sister here with with us and um all the way from Lam Ohio and and so uh we sure we sure do love her. We as I look here we want to center a little bit on this. Amen. This last verse that we had read. Amen. When we with unveiled face look into the mirror, Amen. the glor uh look into the mirror of the word, we are changed from our glory into his glory. And actually we go from glory to glory. And um and so it he was the apostle Paul was saying amen there was there the people man their minds were blinded. They could not see scripture. They could not identify themselves in scripture. Therefore they amen uh fell in unbelief. We understand that uh we the in the wilderness journey coming from Egypt into the promised land. Amen. The the people never could see themselves in the promises. They never could see themselves uh in the covenant even though that God had supernaturally done things with them. And so now the Apostle Paul is saying we're no longer living in the types and the shadows of the Bible, but we're living in the reality of the Bible. What we have seen, what God has done in the shadows of the Old Testament. Amen. He is he is doing today. Amen. In the real in in in in living color through Jesus Christ. And so he is saying we're not under the old types and shadows trying to guess what God has done or is doing, but we are living in the reality or the fulfillment of what God was doing in the Old Testament. Amen. And we understand that the full the reality was there was going to be a redeemer and there were going to be sons and daughters of God who were going to Amen. um that God was going to live his life through. And so as we as we look today, as brother Michael was talking the other the other night about the identification and and there's there you're you're identified with certain things and Amen. This being the age of identification, you've got to have your proof of citizenship. You've got a you've got your birth certificate, your social security, your your driver's license. Amen. You've you've got these things. These were official products that that that determine who you are. And so it is today. Amen. Uh we've also got the brands and the, you know, Nike has its brand. You've got you you you've got these um other brands that that would uh um identify who they are. An official product has got some kind of a brand that they can be identified with. Well, I just want to say the official sons and daughters of God have got a brand and it is the word of God. The word of God is who we are. So when you look at the word, when you when you read that Bible or when you hold that Bible, that identifies you as a Christian. Amen. But we don't want to just hold the Bible. We want to believe every word of the Bible because when we look into it, it should be a mirror unto us. So identifying yourselves in in the scripture, you can you should be able to look back, look in the scripture and see yourself in the likeness of of of some Bible character where Amen. we can all find ourselves and Amen. and see the outcome of a certain character. We can see what they've gone through and we can know the outcome. Amen. As we read and we know that it was the these were these these are not just stories but God has has has so lived his life through and among those people so that you can know him as a deliverer and a and and a and a way maker and amen and and know his love. You can look in the Bible and you should be able to see that. Can you say amen? It's like a story I'd heard, amen, of a boy back in the in the 18th century and Amen. raised in the country and had never seen a mirror and and one day when they visited uh went to town and and and and visited the little boy's aunt in the city and and uh he he walked in a room and and seen another little boy looking at him and Amen. And he's looking and Amen. And and and uh as he you know, as he stopped and looked, the other boy stopped and looked and he waved at him and the other boy waved at him. And every time he would move, he got closer and closer. Amen. And the other little boy was just doing what he was doing. And and finally, he got up so close to the mirror and he touched it. Amen. And he and he and he was so surprised. He turned around to his mom and he says, "Why, mama, that's me. That's me." A. Amen. And that's the way that we want to when we look in the Bible, we want to look in the Bible and say, "Mama, that's me. That's me. That's what I'm looking at. I'm seeing myself in the scripture." Can you say amen? You see, the mirror reflects the image. And the apostle Paul is saying as you look into this mirror, amen, you are seeing something and you are becoming more and more and more like what you're looking at. Now, I'm not talking about a yeah, every one of you's got a mirror and you look pretty this morning and I'm glad you looked in that mirror. But I'm talking about a mirror of God's eternal word where your soul can look in and find its reflection. Well, praise the Lord. I I I want to look at myself this morning. &gt;&gt; I want to see myself in the scripture this morning. Amen. Don't you want to look at yourself? You see, you were created in the image of the word. Amen. before this body come. Remember, don't ever forget you were created, man was created there in Genesis 1 and 26, he was created in the image of God. Amen. Genesis 2 and 7, God put that image, that creation in a body. Amen. So, when you're looking at the mirror, the natural mirror that you comb your hair with this morning, that is Genesis 2:7. That's the body. But God's word, Amen, takes you all the way back to Genesis 1:26. It is the image of the invisible God. When you look here, you should be able to see your soul. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the name of the Lord. Does that make sense to you? See, they could not see it. But there is a people who will see themselves in that word. Amen. Now we we understand, amen, that that that logos, that Christ, that living word would come upon those Old Testament saints, amen, and and would act out future events and Amen. And the Old Testament uh of scripture was was little was little snapshots of the of the future Christ. But not just the future Christ, it would also be his future sons, his future bride. These were little these were little things in that Old Testament that was that would come more clear in the body of Jesus and in the body of his people. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Jesus himself was the perfect image of the invisible God. Amen. He was the perfect expression of the word in human form. And now you you don't have to guess anymore about the Old Testament because the Old Testament was fulfilled in the body of Jesus Christ. Now y'all understanding that. Amen. Now the perfect expression. He was ever bit human and ever bit God. Amen. He was he was a human body. Amen. But he was without sin. And your soul is created in the spirit image of God. Amen. Yet you've been marred. You've been distorted by sin and death. Amen. You you you're getting old. We're we're getting wrinkled. We're going to die if the Lord should. But the fall did not change the plan of God for your life. Your perfection has already been decreed by God. God's already seen your perfection. And God's already seen you in heaven. God's already knows your name and he's known your name for a very, very, very long time. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, now Romans 8:29, we we went through this last Sunday, but I want to bring it back up. For whom he did forno, he knew them. He had them in his mind. Let me just tell you, God does not have new thoughts. &gt;&gt; There's no new thoughts. Amen. Now, you have a new thought. Some of us wake up. Hallelujah. We got to we wake up in a new world every five minutes. But God has no new thoughts. What God had in the beginning, God still has today. He says, "I am God and I change not. I speak my word and it will not come back to me void." &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Now, amen. So, God does these things. Now he speaks, amen, to mortals as immortal so that you can understand. So God comes and he begins to speak and he and it's so that you can have amen because you live in time. You live in space. You live in volume. But don't confine God to space, time, and volume. God is eternal. &gt;&gt; He has no tomorrows. &gt;&gt; He has no future. God is God. &gt;&gt; But when he speaks to me and you many times he'll amen he'll he'll speak on your term. He'll speak in on your level. But the scripture says whom he did forno them he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. Can you say amen? So there is not just a perfect Christ that was to come, but there was also going to be sons and daughters that was going to reflect the same word image. Hallelujah. Going to reflect the same word image. Now it's easy for us to say, well, amen. I Jesus is perfect. He can reflect the word of God. But I say today that you have been predestinated by God to reflect that same word image. Oh, that's beautiful to me. Hallelujah. Amen. That's that's beautiful. God's doing this inside your fallen with your fallen nature. He's doing this in your fallen body. He's revealing himself through you. Can you say amen? So the fall did not take away our purpose. It did not kill the purpose of God. It would go on just the same this morning. You have to look past those five senses. Now you've got we we we live in this body. We have five senses. And I let me see if I can remember them all. Amen. You've got sight, smell, hearing, taste, and feeling. Praise the Lord. Amen. You've got all of these things. Amen. This is part of who you are. But remember, you cannot judge God by f sight, smell, taste, touch. You cannot judge God by that. These senses are here to identify. Amen. And and and help you contact in this natural world. But your sixth sense is unseen. It is faith. It is what God put in you before you ever was born. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's the faith of God to believe the word of God. Can you say amen? So though you are in a fallen condition. Amen. It did not change the purpose of God. The prophet would say you were made for an eternal purpose because you was the manifestation of an attribute that was in God. Amen. thought of you and expressed you. He made an earth to take you out of to make you a human being and then sin come along and perverted his way. You come anyhow but you was lost with the world. So we come and redeemed you the expressed attribute and he also redeems the earth by the same way. Then his purpose rolls on. Somebody shout hallelujah. His purpose rolls on. Oh, when I'm in a good mood, his purpose is is is rolling on. When I'm in a bad mood, his purpose is rolling on. When I'm on the mountain, Amen. his purpose is continuing on. When I'm in my valley and discouraged, his purpose will continue on. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now Jesus come to earth to find every one of God's thoughts, every one of God's fallen children. Amen. He was the fullness of the word. Amen. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. Amen. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. He came looking for the eternal attributes of God. God knew the sin was coming. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God's eternal. &gt;&gt; God can't be God if he doesn't know everything. &gt;&gt; He can't be God. God knew the devil was going to come into that garden. God knew that Adam and Eve was going to fail. &gt;&gt; God knew these things. Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's the reason why the Bible says that the lamb was slain from before the foundation of the world. God seen the sin that was going to come. He knew that he would have some sons and daughters that would be born in sin, raised in sin. They were going to be sinners. But God in his mind already had a lamb that was going to be slain. Amen. God already had that word image that would come to redeem you and me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. That's exactly right. See God Amen. What was he doing when Jesus come? Amen. He came looking for you. For you had been a part of his mind from the beginning. Yet you were fallen. Amen. So those eternal attributes of God, he came looking. Amen. Though they were fallen in sinful nature and Jesus be to reflect, Amen. that image. Hallelujah. He begin to reflect the image of God here on the earth. There was a human being reflecting the image of the word. Amen. And before you know it, there was something beginning to take place. every predestinated seed begin to see something in that word image that was living in that body. Hallelujah. Amen. That Peter dropped his nets and begin to follow him. Matthew, amen, dropped his collect his tax collecting and went to follow Luke. Amen. Turn in a resignation as a doctor and begin to follow. Why? They saw something in this body that was more than just a man. Can you say amen? There was something different. It was the word image being exhibited through a body. Hallelujah. Now y'all stay with me because there's also a word image for this day that is expressed in a body. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? So what was Jesus doing? He would come. Now the world, most of the world did not recognize him. He didn't come for the whole world. &gt;&gt; He came for those fallen attributes of God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, the Pharisees were looking at Jesus and they Amen. They called him Bezbupt. They they they said the prince, you're the prince of the devil. You've got a devil. These were the preachers that were saying this, by the way. Well, you just got a devil on you. Amen. But the Bible says he told his disciples, he says, "We need to go to Samaria." And there he goes to Samaria and he sets and he stands by the well. Amen. And here comes this harlot. This harlot woman coming up and and and he says, "Amen. Would you would would you uh would you give me to drink?" And and uh and she says, "Well, it's not it's not even right for you to ask me Yeah. to for a drink. I'm a Samaritan. you are a you are a Jew. Uh what what are you doing asking? And and then Jesus, as he begins to talk to her a little bit, he said, "Well, if if if you knew who who was talking to you, you would ask me a drink." &gt;&gt; And she says, "You don't have a picture and the well is deep. How do you h how do you say that?" And he begin to he begin to talk and and and and then he amen. And and and and then he says, "Go get your husband." And she says, "Uh, I don't have one." And he says, "You've got five and the one you're living with is not yours." Oh. She steps back and she says, "I perceive that you're a prophet. We know that when the Messiah, the word in a body comes, he will do these things." And then he turns around and he says, "Amen." He says, "Yes." Amen. I am He &gt;&gt; And if you will ask of me, I will give you water, and you will never thirst again. The Bible says that she immediately dropped her water pot, took off into the city and declaring, "I have found the word in a body. I have found an expression of the Bible." Are you hearing me? He was everything that God had said in the Bible. The Bible had said the Messiah would be a prophet. The Bible it said that it would be the very God. Amen. Living in him, Emmanuel, God in flesh. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, the Pharisees who went to school knew the Bible, but yet the Bible was closed to them. There was a veil over their face. And when they looked in the Bible, they could not see a reflection of themselves. They could not see Jesus as a fulfillment. They could not see that, hey, Bible days are happening again. Hey, we have not had a prophet for 400 years and here he is. Oh, this is what God has promised. They could not see it. &gt;&gt; But the little harlot, &gt;&gt; she says, "I know who you are." How could that be? Because she had eternal representation in heaven. She had a represent. How praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. I I h how can I tell you here this morning a representation. Amen. When you go to Walmart and all of those thousands of products at Walmart, Amen. You don't have to go and write down the list. You don't have to go and and and write down what it is and and and uh how much it is. No, the product is already in the computer. You take that product up to the counter and they scan the product and it'll tell you that it is toilet paper and it'll tell you the brand and it'll tell you, Amen, how much it is. It's all and I just want to tell you right now, amen. Jesus came for his own. You are already in the memory bank of heaven. And when he scans your heart with his word, you know who you are. Heaven knows who you are. You know who you are. The world will know who you are because there is something of representation in the heavens. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, glory to God. &gt;&gt; Maybe you didn't even know nothing about God and you come walking into a church. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And God takes his word and runs that word across your heart &gt;&gt; and it goes ding ding ding ding. Son of God, daughter of God. Well, praise the Lord. That's what that Harley done. Jesus just ran the word across her heart and she says, "I know who you are." &gt;&gt; And she was forever more changed. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. You see, Jesus reflected what we should be because he was that word image living in a body. Amen. The humility of this God man to God's word. Jesus desire was to fulfill the word. Amen. His his makeup was the word. He says, "I do nothing except my father for show me. I've come not to to to do away with the law, but to magnify it, to fulfill it. He tells John as he's coming in, amen, to the water to be baptized and the as as a lamb. And John says, "I can't baptize you. I'm just a I you're you're the son of God. I can Amen." And what did he say? Suffer it to be so. For the scripture, righteousness must be fulfilled. Jesus was careful that that word was being Amen. to fulfill that word. The depths of sincerity to fulfill all that was written. My desire is to do thy will, oh God. Well, praise the Lord. And and and now remember what was his purpose? His purpose was to redeem. So the word had to be perfect. The word had to be perfect. It couldn't be mixed with his opinion. Amen. Mama's ideas or anything else. It had to be perfect because there were other sons and daughters of God whose lives depended on it. &gt;&gt; Jesus had to reflect in perfection every word for his day. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. His purpose was to redeem. Now, what is redeem? Buy back. Bring it back. Bring God's thoughts of you back. Bring it back. Though you're lost in sin, I've come to redeem you. Though, though, Amen. Everything looks looks crazy, I've come to heal you. Though your family looks like it might be, Amen. just falling apart, I've come to restore. I will redeem. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, today, as Abraham, we believe God. Amen. The I want us to just just just real thought, just a passing thought. Abraham kept the word of God before him. Remember Abraham was called out. Abraham did not ask for God. God came and sought Abraham out. And he said,"Abram, I'm" and he appeared to him and says, "I want you to get up from this country. I want you to leave your family. I want you to leave this that you're doing and I want you, Amen, to follow me because I have called you to myself and I'm going to make you a great nation. Amen. Abraham was not able to have a child. Abraham never could have a child. Never did. And now he's an old man. Hallelujah. Amen. Here he is 75 and Sarah 65. And they've never been able to have children. And God says, "You're going to have a son, and from that son, you're going to be a great nation." &gt;&gt; Now, think of this. Abraham was going to have to make a choice. Abraham had a representation in the heavens, for he was a thought of God from the beginning. And Abraham, when God appeared, something happened to Abraham's heart. He believed God. The Bible says that he had to walk for 25 years. Believing God, &gt;&gt; but he confessed, "I'm going to have a son. I'm going to be a nation. We're going Well, praise the Lord." The Bible says there in the book of Hebrews the 11th chapter and Abraham or or there in the book of Romans that the Abraham uh uh uh staggered not at the promises of God. Why? He came from God. Are y'all understanding me? How are you going to make a rapture? How are you going to overcome in this evil age? How is God going to Amen be able to take you and use you to show his glory through you? How is it if God didn't prepare your heart before the foundation of the world, we would all be going to hell in a hand basket? &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, you're becoming you're becoming that word image, the living image of the word. You're doing it the same way Abraham did. How? Amen. The same way every prophet done. The same way every believer has had to do it. You are ordained to it. Something in you believes it. And then God begins to materialize it in you. Somebody say, "I'm ordained to it." &gt;&gt; Something in me believes it. &gt;&gt; And God materializes right here in my body. God will praise the Lord. I've never seen heaven, but I'm ordained to it. My name is written in heaven. That's what the Bible said. Amen. when they when when they came to Jesus and and casting out devils and they were rejoicing. Amen. And they said, "My even the devils are subject to us." And Jesus, this is a wonderful thing. Amen. It's a good thing. But he said, "But don't rejoice that devils are subject to you, but rejoice because your names are written in heaven." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You say, "Now, now, now, now, now, Brother Wind, I have a hard time with that." Well, if you don't look in the mirror and if you keep a veil over your face when in front of the mirror, what good is looking into the mirror, &gt;&gt; right? Hallelujah. If you keep a veil over your face while you're brushing your teeth and combing your hair, it's not going to really do you much good to have a mirror. But God wants you to understand. Listen, you're not an afterthought. You are a forthought. &gt;&gt; You say, "Why have you been hitting on this, man? You've been hitting on this for weeks now." Because I want every son and daughter of God to know who you are. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. If you're not, Amen. If it's not there, then it can never happen. Now there there in 2 Corinthians 3 and8. Amen. In the amplified version, it says, "And we all with unveiled faces continually seeing as in a mirror the glory of the Lord and are progressively being transformed into his image from one degree of glory to even more glory which comes from the Lord who is the spirit." Can you say amen? Amen. Now, the redeemed know that they've come from that word and that they have a purpose. Amen. The prophet would say they know they are born of the word. The word is made flesh in them. And every word that God says, they don't different with it. They say that's right. Amen. And amen. They punctuate it with an amen every time. Amen. And amen. Can I get an amen? &gt;&gt; Something in them punctuates it himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, isn't it strange that most people won't believe it? Most people won't believe the word. Most people won't come to Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Many many say they believe it, but just give them the word test and and you'll find that well, Amen. They'll pick what they want to believe here and pick what they want to believe here and they pick and choose. Amen. They they cannot believe every word of the Bible, but then here comes you. There's something about you. There's something about this Christ that you want to be like him. Amen. and the the humility of his character draws you to him. The strength and the resilience of his resolve to fulfill his purpose. There's something about this Christ. You are made from the same stuff that he is made from. You are made from the word. You are made. There's something about that word that has become real to you. Amen. There's something within you. There's a life that is drawing you to him. You can't explain it. You don't know how it's happening. But God's grace has come to you. Amen. For you to fulfill it. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, glory to God. When when you look when you look at this glorious people, this glorious rapture that is coming, this Amen. the the promises that must be fulfilled. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, there's something in me saying, Lord, I want your word to be fulfilled in me. What can you can How many has that? You have something in you saying, I want your word to be living in me. Yes. You're just like, it's just like Amen. when God said, "A virgin shall conceive." Amen. God knew who the woman would be and God knew the name of that woman. When God God can't God's not going to say a virgin shall conceive and then not know the name. God knew a virgin was going to conceive and God fulfilled that word. Amen. He prepared. So what? He knew who she was. He knew her name and he prepared her heart to accept the word when it came. Now I want you to really catch this. You would never take or accept catch the word. There is nothing of you that can do it. Amen. There is sister keys there in in Romans the the uh ninth chapter and I think somewhere in the 20th 20 verses there 20th verses. Amen. Uh, it's not to him that runth, nor to him that willth, but it's of God who shows mercy. It's God who seen you. It's God who ordains you. Amen. Can you say amen? So now remember, God didn't just see you, but God placed his purpose in you. Amen. Now look here. Amen. He said, "Now Mary's womb," Amen. He said the physical mind was was a virgin womb. She believed God's word. And no matter how much anybody criticized, how many things somebody else said, that didn't have one thing to do with it. She believed God's word regardless. Oh, I wish I could get that over. Are you getting it? See, she first it was her mind before the act ever taken place in her literal womb. The act had to take place in here first. Let the spirit come in to do the rest of the work. Glory. Oh, before the actual spiritual birth can take place, the word has to find itself through your mind to believe it. And that's where we are. You've got to be able to stand up and say, "God, what is causing this in me?" &gt;&gt; I'm a word image. Therefore, &gt;&gt; I can I can believe. What can you say? Amen. Amen. God calls and separates you to himself. Now, now I I I I uh I hope this okay for you here this morning, your heart had to be craving. &gt;&gt; It had to be craving. Mary before long time before she had that baby, Mary was drawn to the scripture, Mary would talk about it with Joseph and say, "Who do you think? What do you think about that virgin? What do you think about it? Was the word already laying in her and God dealing with that word. She could identify with it. Oh God. &gt;&gt; Oh God. Oh. Can you say amen? I She could identify with that word. There was something about that word that was saying amen. And and and God has has has done the same thing with you. Amen. Oh my. We want to look at Virgin Mary and we think, "Oh, how God used her. How wonderful it must be that that she could carry the word." Amen. Image of God, the the the the the baby. He She could carry Iman Emanuel in in her womb. Amen. But remember the prophet said, "You are not here just to be another human being. You are here because God made you for some purpose. You're not here just to eat food that God growed. You're not here just to live in a house that man made to wear clothing that someone else fashioned. Amen. You are here for a specific purpose. Somebody turn to your neighbor and tell them you're here for a specific purpose. Hallelujah. And no matter how little you are, how big you are, how important you are, how unimportant you are, you are here to serve that purpose. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm going to labor on this for a few more minutes before I leave it. Amen. God placed the desire. You say, "It's pretty elementary, Brother Windle." And I want you to catch this because your identification can only come from the word. The identification can only come from the word. And when the devil comes against you and the devil is fighting you and the devil's telling you you don't have a purpose and the devil's telling you that you're not fulfilling. Amen. Then go back to the desire. Go back to that that seed on the inside of you. You were that was a seed of the word that was placed in your heart. That is your identification. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. He placed it. God says in in in in the book of uh Psalms one and one blessed is the man a man who's sits not in the seat of the scornful who stands not in the way of the sinner and amen he goes he goes through those things but he says blessed is the man whose delight is in the law of the Lord and in his law does he meditate day and night. Amen. In his law does he meditate and he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that brings forth fruit in his time. Oh, can you say amen? And the prophet would pick that up and he would say, see, it wasn't set out. He shall be like a tree that set out transposed from this to that. He was planted what? Predestinated. That thought of God before the foundation of the world placed him there. not stuck out by chance, but he was planted, predestinated what? To the rivers of water. His roots shall not wither. Oh, hallelujah. Though he dies, I'll raise him up again in the last days. That's right. He's predestinated to be there. Not just by chance, but he's predestinated to catch that word when it is sold. Then it doesn't matter, brother Donald, whether I live in unvention. Doesn't matter whether I'm in the in the in the who's who. What matters is when the scan comes across, there's something saying ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding. Hallelujah. God's word for the day comes across says, "I believe it. Yes, I believe it. Yes, I believe it. Yes, God's yes, I see that. Yes, I believe it. I believe it." Can you say amen? Amen. Now, hallelujah. On the ministers chat uh uh this morning, there was a lot of quotes going around about the about purpose and and uh so I thought, man, this going to go right along. So, I I stole one or two of them here. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He says, he makes men different. He makes us each one a different gives us each one a different place. A palm tree can never be a hickory. A hickory tree can never be a palm. Nobody can take your place. And you shouldn't try to take anyone else's place &gt;&gt; because you're an individual to God. And God has a purpose for you. He made you thus. And you say, "Why did he do it?" He is sovereign. He's got a reason for it being that way. And we say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. I I see some cold folks in here. Y'all can turn that heat up or the AC up a degree if you want to. Amen. Now, let me keep this in your mind. Your heart was prepared for the seed to come before the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. And some people have a hard time with that because we are in such a humanistic world. We want to do everything on our own and we we just can't. We we we are self-made women men and women and we don't want anybody. If I want to come to Jesus, I'll come to Jesus and if I don't, I won't. Well, I just want to tell you that's not the way it works. &gt;&gt; The Bible says, "No man can come to me." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Except my father first draw him. I believe that's there in John John 6. Wait, try that. John 6:44. Amen. No man. Is that Is that not the right one? 8:44. 64. I thought it's six, but it might be 8:44. No man can come. Hallelujah. Sometimes. Amen. I've got it here in my Bible. I'm gonna stop right now and give it to you. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. It is John John 6:44. No man can come to me except the father which sent me draw him. &gt;&gt; No man, somebody turn to your neighbor and say, "No man &gt;&gt; or woman can come to Jesus except Oh, now Brother Wendle, that just does something to my theology." Amen. Well, you know, your theology is going to can can keep you from victory if it's not theology based upon scripture. &gt;&gt; The thing is is I have nothing I can give. It's by the grace of God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm going to go even a step further because just as you were the germ in your father, so were you in the genes of God just waiting to be uh waiting for your manifestation. Now the apostle Paul picked picked this this this thought up there in the book of Hebrews &gt;&gt; and and he is saying that that there was there was that that Levi was already in the mind of God before he was ever even born. And the Bible says that Levi, who received tithes from the people, he paid tithes in the loins of his greatgreat grandfather, &gt;&gt; Abraham. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. All right, let's look at it. Levi was was one of 12 sons, and God appointed him to be the uh uh uh the priesthood. And then you and then you go on and you it goes from Levi's father was Jacob. Jacob's father was Isaac. Isaac's father was Abraham. Abraham paid tithe to Melzdc. And the Apostle Paul says that Levi hundreds of years before he was born paid tithe in the lawns of Abraham. Talking about election. And just as Levi was in the loins of his father Jacob, he was also in the loins of his father Isaac, grandfather Isaac, and he was also in the loins of his greatgrandfather Abraham. Well, what about you and me? If there was an eternal quality to you, you were in the loins of God. the mind of God be &gt;&gt; find the beginning of God and there you were. Hallelujah. That's right. That's right. This brings that eternal quality. This brings it out to you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now listen to me. You were in your father germ form. Oh, glory to God. My dad carried all of my grandsons in his loins. My greatgranddad carried a Hallelujah. And I can't ever say this without without just reminding everybody about bald. My greatgranddad was bald and my granddad was bald and my dad is bald. And y'all catch the story, boys. Amen. So, Amen. Kobe's Kobe's Kobe's hanging on to his hair. No. Amen. We're just We're going to bypass that gene. Praise the Lord. Amen. But you see, Amen. You were you were there by predestination. Everyone thinks predestination is a bad word. Oh man, God putting this and God saying this and then God knows all of his sons that were in him. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I didn't know how I had three sons when I was a boy. Amen. Mom and dad didn't know that they had three sons and a and and and and well they they they had their they had their two sons and a girl and then but God says no you got one more coming. Hallelujah. Amen. Then Jonathan comes and been the favorite ever since. But so here but God in his in his in his in his great wisdom he knew every one of you. Have you all ever heard that song? Amen. He knew me yet he loved me. He who glory makes the heaven shine. So unworthy of so much mercy. While he was on the cross, I was on his mind. &gt;&gt; Jesus was the mind of God in a body. When Jesus, are y'all hearing me? When Jesus went to Calvary, I was in him. Jesus bore all of this boy's sins. I was in him. that eternal part of God. &gt;&gt; You see, do do you the Bible? Okay, let look sister Clea there in John 1 and1. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. 14th verse. And the word was made flesh, and we beheld his glory. &gt;&gt; Physical human beings beheld his glory. E Ephesians 1 and4, Sister Keys, and we were chosen in him before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; That we should be holy and without blame before him in love. &gt;&gt; I was in him. He was that lamb slain. So he had to come as an expression of God to search out his own. But there was only one way that we'd be able fallen attributes of God, fallen word, thoughts of God. There's only one way is for that word to become a human. That human, that perfect human to die for our sins, not his sins. He became sin for us. He did not sin. He became our sin. All of the sins of God's elect was placed on him. When he died, he bore your sins, your sins, my sins, and he took it to hell. &gt;&gt; Now, catch this. Now, in the in the Old Testament, there were there were two birds. Amen. That was used for sin offering. They would take the one bird and they would cut his head off and sprinkle the blood on the other bird. And the other bird would take off. Amen. And as it's taking off flying, it would they would release it, the dove, and it would take off. Amen. as he's as he's going, he's he's the blood is splattering on the earth. And what was it? Oh, glory to God. The word, the God, the Christ shed his blood, and his blood is upon his church. Y'all ever heard the song the great speckled bird? That's where it came from. the blood of its mate. Christ died for you. The blood is upon you that everywhere you go, you are sprinkling his goodness, his love, his mercy, his patience. Oh, come on, church. It was that Christ that come to redeem you. He set you free. Someone shout yes. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. For what purpose? Why has he sprinkled his blood on you? You have purpose, &gt;&gt; the word. Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. Oh, do you love him? &gt;&gt; Amen. You bear the same word image. You bear the same word image. You were chosen in that word. Am I making sense? Why isn't this church full? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why is it when you're going out there witnessing, you can't hardly get anybody in? &gt;&gt; If there's nothing there, there's nothing there. &gt;&gt; But when the word came across your seat, when it come across your heart, there was something that says, "Tell me some more. Show me who you are. Show me who I am. Show me. &gt;&gt; If you really understand that and take that, that defeated attitude leaves. Then &gt;&gt; that woe is me leaves. Then you're always going to be woe is me. As long as you're looking in the mirror and you're judging everything by what you don't have and what you've missed and what this that and the other. I'm trying to tell you. Hallelujah. See, it would be good for some of us to throw that have that old that old mirror out of your out of your house. But there is a mirror that you can start looking into and say, "Yes, my soul is saying, "Yes, my soul is that's who I am. That's what I want to be. That's who God's made me to be." Can you say, "Amen. I'm not defeated. I am a son of God. I'm not going to hell. I am a daughter of God. &gt;&gt; The grace of God is upon me. He has anointed me for this purpose to defeat the devil in every area." &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He does it by believers in each age. So this word being exhibited. It's you're looking into that mirror. You're looking into that image. You're looking into that word and there's something in you saying, "Yes, yes." And then you start looking and you say, "Oh, but I'm not looking like that." Then you take the water of the word. Amen. Let's take that sister Clea uh Ephesians 5 and 26. Amen. And he has washed us with the washing that he might sanctify and cleanse it you and me with the washing of water by the word that he might present it to himself. a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such blemish that we that it should be holy without blemish. What are you doing? You're taking the mirror. You're saying, "Oh, got a hair messed up." Amen. So, what are you doing? You're cleansing yourself. You're taking the word, taking the blood. You're applying it to your life. Don't call yourself a Christian and look in the Bible and say, "Ha, it don't matter." you're not a Christian. &gt;&gt; If you're a Christian, you're looking into the word and you're saying, "I want to be conformed to that image." So, we find out that that God does that in every age. God does it by his own choosing, by his own predestinated choosing. He chose his prophets and things for the age. He fixes his nature, the man's nature, the man's style of preaching on on on their gift and all that he does and and is to meet the challenge of that day. God creates the man created the man and sent him. And in his own mind, as I was preaching the other night, we are a germ of that gene of God. He know that man would be there at that age. He knew before there was ever a molecule or light or anything on the earth. For you're a gene of your father. You were in your father and yet your father had no fellowship with you. You uh because you you you was there but you you you knew it not and he knew it not. But you was manifested that he might have fellowship with you. And you being born again, you're born of eternal life. And that's the only one form of eternal life and that's God's life. Zoey, the Greek word is Zoe comes the only one form of life. Then you are a son and daughter of God. You were in God all the time. But he knew what bed. Somebody say yes. &gt;&gt; He knew what bed and what and the time that you'd be planted. And now you're made a creature, a son of God, manifested son, daughter of God to meet the challenge of this hour to vindicate the true and living God of this hour. Amen. Are you Are you catching me now? Vindicating him. There's a vindication that is taking place. It's that word. Amen. I think we can all agree that Adam was a son of God, right? &gt;&gt; Even in his fallen condition. Yes, he sinned. And yes, the wages of death was sin. And yes, that day the highest species of God's creation had fallen. Everything underneath Adam, amen, fell with him. Amen. Everything on earth had fallen because man was over the earth. And there must be someone to save the creation. &gt;&gt; And there was only one who did not fall. There had to be someone saved the creation. And there was only one that did not fall. It was Adam's father. &gt;&gt; God. God was the only one that could do it. He didn't fall. God was the only one. He was the father of Adam. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. &gt;&gt; God could and God did bring redemption. &gt;&gt; God was not going to leave Adam. God was not going to leave any of his sons and daughters that were in him before the world began. Adam was still a son &gt;&gt; for his name was eternally in God's book of genes, God's book of life. Every son and daughter that will ever come was in that mine in germ form billions of years before. Now we've already gone through as I have been going through the scripture the living logos. It's not the word wo r d in the way that we think it. It was a living. Hebrews, we've already gone through all this through through these last three weeks. But but you you there in Hebrews 4. Amen. The word is living. It's discerning. It discerns between spirit and soul. It it you we're all naked with this word. This word is not just a dead letter. This word is the logos, the Christ, the anointing. It is God. Amen. in word form. That word is all knowing. That word held you and that word come seeking you. &gt;&gt; Are you sure, brother W? Are you sure that that we're born that that that we are gene of God? Well, everyone else wants to put the church wants to put it like you come up here and shake the preacher's hand and you're born again. or you join a church and you're born again. &gt;&gt; My wife wishes we could produce babies like that. Shake my hand and boom, there comes Kobe. Shake her hand again and boom, here comes another one. If you're going to be if you're going to have a birth, you're going to have to have some labor and you're going to praise the Lord. You got to have a germ seed on the inside of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Before we get off of it, is this okay here this morning? Amen. 1 Peter 1:23, Sister Khalila. Amen. Being born again, not of sexual seed. He said that's corruptible. Corruptible is the sexual seeds. The sexual seed is what caused the fall in the beginning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, now being born again, Jesus was the only man on earth that never had to be born again. &gt;&gt; Jesus never had to be born again because it was the germ seed of God placed into the womb of Mary. He was a virgin son. And in order for you to be a virginborn son, you are born again not of corruptible or sexual seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God which lives and abides forever. There he's going back to the word. What is the word? The word, the logos holds the germ of life. The logos is God's book of life. Just like every one of you humans have a human book of life and it and it holds your chromosomes, your genes, and your gonomes or whatever that thing is, genomes. Amen. It holds those three things. Every one of you go look it up on the internet. Amen. Your your you every one of you have a book of life. They can go look in that book of life and they can take you all the way back before America was even a a a nation. It'll take your genes and it'll trace it all the way back. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says that you're not born of that corruptible seed, but by the living word of God, the logos. &gt;&gt; That logos contain every gene seed of God. &gt;&gt; That's why you got to be born again. &gt;&gt; Don't shake the preacher's hand. Come in contact with that great pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; Be born again. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. Now watch now. Now, now if you were to before we go any further, Sister Cleina, won't you go now? He says you're not born of the corruptible seed, but the incorruptible, then go to that next verse. Amen. That'd be 1 Peter 1 and what? 24. For all flesh, humans, sexual seed, is as grass, and all the glory of man, as the flower of grass. The grass withers, the flower thereof faileth away. But the word of the Lord, endures forever. And this is the word which by the gospel, the living word is preached unto you. Someone shout hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now think about do I have more time? Can I have some more time? &gt;&gt; Amen. Think about the power of election. Do you realize that the power of election is greater than the power of deception? Now, there's three major scriptures, prophecies that that that's for for this day. Amen. And I want you to catch how the Lord separates you. There's an identity taking place because the the word which you were birthed from cannot fail. Again, it's living. Now you look at these prophecies. Each of these gloomy prophecies in each of these gloomy prophecies are two groups. One just refuses to accept the word and will be deceived. And then the other by faith accepts and believes the word that look there at 2 Thessalonians 2:9. He says, "Even him, the Antichrist, whose coming is after the working of Satan, with all power and signs and lying wonders, and with all deceivleness of unrighteousness in them that perish, because they receive not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. For this cause God shall send them strong delusion that they should believe a lie, and they that are that they might all be damned, who believe not the truth, who had pleasure in unrighteousness." Now, this is this is the group that's just that's just going to look at the these are these are church members because the antichrist is not a sinner. The antichrist is going to be a religious man and people are going to follow this religious man. &gt;&gt; That's why I say follow the Bible. &gt;&gt; Amen. Follow the message of the hour. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Now watch. So he says, "And they're all going to be damned who believe not the truth. They follow they follow man's interpretations and opinions and this that and the other when the Bible says it right here and they say, "Well, my preacher believes it this way." Well, the Bible says it right here, but ah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're going to you're going you're going to be deceived. Scripture says you're going to be deceived and you'll be damned who who believe not the truth. But then look, but then he turns to you. The 13th verse. But we are bound to give thanks always to God for you, brethren, beloved of the Lord, because God, somebody point up, God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and the belief of truth. He separated you from wrath. He separated you from judgment. &gt;&gt; The word done that. &gt;&gt; Revelations 13:7 talking about this same Antichrist. And it given unto him, the antichrist, to make war with the saints, and to overcome them. And power was given over him given him over kindreds, tongues, and nations. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him. But then here comes the separation whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world. He separated you. He separate your name. Are are you understanding that word image separates you? Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. What about what about Matthew 24 and 24? There shall be there shall arise false Christs, false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much. &gt;&gt; If it was possible, &gt;&gt; they shall deceive the very elect. &gt;&gt; Now, did it say it is possible? Did it say it's sort of possible? Or did it say it's not possible? The deception would be so great that if it were possible, it would even deceive me and you. &gt;&gt; That's when you need to put your shouting shoes on and say, "Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for giving me Thank you for giving me a desire for your word. Thank you for giving me a desire for for the things of the Lord. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." Can you say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. In Hebrews 2:14 in the amplified version it says therefore since these his children share in flesh and blood the the physical nature of mankind he himself in a similar manner also shared in the same physical nature but without sin so that through experiencing death he might make powerless ineffective impotent him uh impotent him who had the power of death that is the devil that he might free All those who through the haunting fear of death were held in slavery throughout their lives. Can I hear an amen? &gt;&gt; So as we as we get ready to close, make it make it known. Don't don't don't don't don't for don't forget the fact that his word is what is what separates you. And though you were held as a slave by sin, God knew who you were. And he come to set you free &gt;&gt; because the devil never did own you in the beginning. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. You you you remember at our nation back back in the slavery when our nation is a dark just you know just just a dark day. But we when when man would buy slaves and uh and they would trade slaves and Amen. And uh uh you know uh the Hollanders and and uh Amen. uh they would purchase slaves from Africa and and so the Dutch would take take these and you know they would they would sell them. They were they they were sold by their own people. Their own people and uh and and and and let me just say this, you know, God never intended for any man or woman to be slave. God made men and men made slaves. And the same spirit is very prevalent upon the earth today. Nation trying to make others to bow and men serving as tyrants toward other men. But they would take these and bring them to the Americas. And these enslaved people were somebody's husbands, wives, children. They were princes, businessmen back home. They were prominent men and women. And now here they are. They have been captured. They have been brought to America. Now they're the property of the slave owner. And they would literally they they would actually breed. They would take this strong man and breed to a strong woman. Breed them like animals trying to make a stronger stronger race. so they can get more work out of them. There were princes who were slaves. There were there were there was a there were there are you understanding these were held captive and it should have never been. So now here they are when they would come and that that had their children and they they were they would birth it. So they were born slaves. Many tried to get free and they couldn't get free. They'd be killed. They were beat. They were abused. They were murdered. Reminds me of a story of a of a certain man was walking through a plantation looking for a slave to trade for and the man happened upon that certain slave that was so different. He held his head up so high every you just watched him. He held his head high. He worked hard. He the guy asked, "Listen, what's what's so different about this guy here?" He said, "Do you feed him any different?" Right? There's something about him. He goes, "No, he's he's been that way since he's come." Holds his head high and he works hard. He says, "We don't have to whip him like we have to whip the others. He's he's he's not he's he's" They said, "Well, do do you feed him different?" "No." "Do you give him do you give him a different house?" "No." "You treat No. He's He's a slave like the rest of them. He said, "I I I wondered what what the deal was with him." And he said, "When I when I done a little bit of research, I found out that he is a prince, that his daddy is the king of a tribe of his tribe back home. And though he is here in slavery, royal blood flows through his veins. He is royal. And though he is many, many hundreds of miles away from the homeland, he holds his head up high. Are y'all hearing me? I I I want to tell you here today that the sons of God were slaves. We were sold by Adam into slavery. And sin held its head, held our head. But then the time came that listen, you are a son of God. on the year of Jubilee in the Old Testament, if you were to get if you were to uh ju just just stick with me another five minutes. But but if you were to take the Old Testament, I if if you were to fall in in in bondage to somebody, you owed somebody money or something, then you would then you would become their slave, if you couldn't pay it back or you you you were you were a servant to them. you you you didn't you you borrowed money or you uh you know what and whatever happened. Amen. Their property become yours and they're coming and and and and and they would go through that and the children would be born in slavery and and and they would be amen. &gt;&gt; But God said there would also be a year of jubilee. And when that year of Jubilee were to come, then all of those who were who lost their homes, who lost their their their crops, lost their land, lost everything they had that the that the slave owner had to re give them up to go back to their possession. Now, this was a type. This was a type of when Jesus was to come &gt;&gt; because you were slaves, you couldn't pay the penalty. You couldn't pay the penalty. But when the Jew year of Jubilee came, when the year of Jubilee came, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, you the the shackles had to come off. You were free to go back to your land. You were free to go back to your Are All of the children were free. everyone was free to go back home. Are y'all hearing me? And and I I I I I I want to say here today, amen. That that uh I I heard a story I I I heard a story back when when the the emancipation uh proclamation was given and the and and the time for the for the uh the slaves to be set free here in America. Amen. And they say that that it was set for a certain time. Amen. And there were some of those slaves. It was still dark. It was still dark, but at sunrise on this certain morning, everyone was going to get to go free. Amen. And and and and and the bunch of these slaves had got together. Amen. They began to station them because there was a lot of mountainous areas. And Amen. And they got down in the valley, they weren't going to see that sun for a long time. And so they they would station them all up and down all through the hidden the mountain and someone up on the mountain they could see when the sun begin to peek over and and then they would haul and when the sun peaked over when they first seen the sun they would begin to holler down the sun has risen. The sun has risen. The sun has risen. The sun has risen all the way down before you know it there was there was great celebration because the slaves were free. Well, I just want to tell you 2,000 years ago, amen, the cry came out, "The Son is risen." And we have been declaring it ever since. Sons of God, you're free. Daughters of God, you're free. You're free. You're free. You're free to live his word. You're free to believe his word. You're free to act upon his word. You're free to speak his word &gt;&gt; if the musicians would come. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Do you love him? &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Now, when God does the test, so there's two seeds on the earth today. There's the condemned seed, and there's the fallen seed. The serpent's seed was condemned, unredeemable. The fallen seed of God, redeemable. Jesus made it very clear. Matthew 13 and37. Sister Keys, if you'd put that up there and then and then we'll get ready to dismiss. And he answered and said unto them, he that sweth the good seed is the son of man. The field is the world. The good seed are the children of the kingdom. But the terrors are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that sold them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world and the reapers are the angels. And therefore the terrors are gathered and burned in fire. So shall it be at the end of the world. The Son of Man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them that do iniquity, and shalt cast them in a furnace of fire, and there shall be wailing and nashing of teeth. Then shall the righteous shine forth as the son in the kingdom of their father. Who has ears to hear, let him hear. The world is the field. The seed is the word. The good one is the son of man. The evil swed the wicked seeds. So today we're going to have the tears and the wheat all growing together. They're going to use the same rain. They're going to grow in the same rain. They're going to grow with the same. The Bible says he sends his rain, the sun on the just and the unjust. Rain upon the good and the evil. All grows together. But there's only one thing to identify that can identify a believer and that's his word. So if if I bring it down to this one thing here, let's believe what God says. Let's be constantly looking into it now because we need to be changed. There's some ugly ugly you. That's all right. Be earnest with the word and take God's word. Let's start preparing as a bride adorn for her husband. The Bible says the bride has made herself ready. &gt;&gt; That's my job. Predestinated. The wedding band of predestination has already been slipped on my finger. Now help me, Lord, to walk in the in in in your word. Live according to that word. Amen. God bless you. Can you see in Can you see yourself in the mirror of God's word? Well, just not too clearly. Well, it's not the mirror that needs clean. God's word is clean. Let's take this. Is there an enthusiasm for the things of God? Is there something that we we look forward to praying? We look forward to spending that time with him. It's in those times when we look when we look spend with him that that we are able to meditate let him speak to us and he does speak his convicting powers there to and you know what there is nothing in your life there is nothing in your life right now there's nothing ever been in your life will ever will be in your life that the word cannot take. The cleansing agent of this blood is so powerful. So if you're looking in the word and you're seeing some flaws, just remember there's plenty of blood. The good thing about the word, the word became blood. The living logos in a body died on Calvary. The word was made flesh. The word, the word in the Old Testament was law. The word in the New Testament is grace. The word took on a body so that his blood can wash you. You said, "Where's the literal blood?" What it is saying is God's looking at you and say, "Listen, let's take that word, that detergent. Let's just go to the Lord. Let's just go in prayer. come before the throne room of grace. There is nothing too big. Nothing too big. No, I I I I don't want to just give all all kinds of excuses. If God says I'm his, he's mine. Well, great day. I want to come out of the prison cell. going to get those shackles off the mind and start thinking differently and acting differently and claiming differently because this is a day of rejoicing for the bride. &gt;&gt; It's a it's a crazy day of it's a it's a day of God's divine grace unlimited. Unlimited. Whatever you have need of, God has come. Amen. And he's made a beautiful image. Father, we thank you for your grace. And Lord, we thank you today for this image, this image of the word in signs. We thank you for that call upon our lives. Thank you for moving upon us and wooing us to you. And oh God, if there's some here, Lord, that they're really not they're really not going any further with you. They're just they're just here. Lord, I ask, Father, that you would quicken that seed within them because you didn't call us just to go to church or to have a religious affair, but you've called us, Lord, for great divine fellowship for you to live in and through us. What an exciting time, Lord. Break every shackle of sin, every shackle in our mind. I pray that the great Holy Spirit would come in such a wonderful way. Oh God, from all our heart, Lord, we love you. From the depths of our soul, we love you. We thank you for this grace. Hallelujah. Thank you for it, Lord. Thank you for it, Lord. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. [Music] Back again. [Music] There was a remedy. Don't stand recondent. [Music] Stand free. [Music] Oh, the blood spoke for you before there was sin. God's grace [Music] back again before the sickness. Hallelujah. There was the remedy. Oh, don't stand gentle. Don't stand with them. Stand free. [Music] That turn around. Oh Jesus Christ, [Music] the reflection of God's love. Hallelujah. Come to die. [Music] Sacrifice [Music] from the blood. [Music] Happy face to come. Total redemption [Music] and my way back home. Could we go up a key? The blood spoke for you. Aren't you glad for that? A long time before there was sin, he was a lamb that was slain. God's grace redeemed you. All back again. Yes. Before the sickness, he already had a remedy. There's a remedy. Oh, don't stand condemned. [Music] Oh, stand free. [Music] And she stands redeemed, clothed with righteousness. Her Lord has made her clean. She's heard the voice. Heed the call. Transformation abides in. Make it personal. I stand redeemed. Yeah. Stand [Music] redeemed. Oh, and righteousness. Oh, my Lord has made me clean. [Music] I've heard the voice and I've heeded the call. transformation abides in. Oh, one more time I stand. Nothing held against me. Nothing held against me. All his voice has made. always was with God. Always was in his mind. The hand I've heeded the call transformation [Music] abiding. [Music] Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for that power of transformation? God bless you. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Oh my. It was It was Christ the word who was made this for me. And I say yes. Amen. Not going to argue with it. Amen. Hallelujah. I I believe it was And brother Andrew Glover. No, it was Daryl Ward. Daryl Ward said he was in a restaurant. Amen. He had ordered a steak and and uh Amen. when it came time to go uh pay, he says, the waitress comes up to him and says, "Now listen, your tickets already been paid for." Amen. So, so you're free to leave anytime you want. And he said, now he thought about arguing with her. Said, "Now listen, I don't know anybody in here." And Amen. I what you know I don't He says, "Now, well, now why would I do that? Why would I argue with her?" He said, "Well, let me at least take care of the tip." She said, "The tip was included. Eat your steak. You're free to go." And I say if God has already blessed us and he's he's called us his sons and his daughters, if he's called us the redeemed and says that he loves us, that he's paid the price for us. Well, I'd say thank you, Lord. That he's loved us eternally. I'd say thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I'm not going to argue with you. If you say it, I'm going to believe it. Amen. God bless you. We want to keep Brother Wall-E and Sister Kathy in our prayers as they're they're on the road uh on a vacation and going going through uh Ohio and then uh over to Niagara Falls. And now that's that's a lot of traveling. And uh uh so so we want to we want to keep uh Wall-E and Kathy in our prayer as they are uh as they are traveling. Let them know we're praying for them. Amen. And uh so good to see everyone this morning. We'll have uh lunch there at the fellowship hall. You're welcome to come and um Amen. service again tonight at 5:00. Be looking forward to what the Lord has here this evening. Looking forward to our meeting that's coming up. God is going to do something special this week. Amen. God bless you. This is my prayer. Oh, I've heard [Music] Hey, [Music] [Music] hey, hey. Heat. [Music] Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] heat. Hey. [Music] Oo. Hey. [Music]
