################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 2025-05-18 Bro Wendall Martin Sowing And Reaping - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    2025-05-18 Bro Wendall Martin "Sowing And Reaping"
Speaker:  Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWmYOPZGXtc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Yes, it is. I feel in his arm. Never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather ra be. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus, friend. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. It was the best thing I've ever done. Yes. The best thing I've ever [Music] done in all the earth and beauty in this [Music] Nothing. My Jesus, you're the cup that warm dry. And your presence is heaven to me. Oh Lord, your presence is [Music] heaven to me. Treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness, you are merciful, redeemer of my past and present wrong. You're the holder of my future days to come. Your presence it's heaven to [Music] me. My Lord, your [Music] presence is heaven to me. Though all my days on earth I will [Applause] [Music] await that moment that I see you face to [Music] face my Jesus you're the cup that won't run And your presence is heaven to [Music] me. Oh Lord, your [Music] presence is heaven to me. [Music] Oh Lord, your [Music] presence is heaven. [Music] I won't forget the wonders of how you brought deliverance. The exodus of my heart. You found me. You freed me. He back the waters for my release. Oh Yah [Music] way, you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. [Applause] Hallelu. You have torn apart the seas. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. The cloud by day is a sign that you are with me. The fire by night is the guide and light to my feet. You found me. You freed me. fill back the water from my release. Oh way, you're the God. Oh, you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Hallelu. You have torn apart the seas. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Sing that again now. You're the God. Oh, you're the [Music] God, Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Hallelu. You have torn apart the seas. You have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Hallelu. You stepped into my Egypt. You stepped into my Egypt. You took me by the hand. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Yes. Yes. Yes. And I will not forget you. I think of all you've done at this swallowed up forever. By the fury of your love. You stepped into my Eypt. You took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into the promised land. And I will not forget you. I'll sing of all you've done. This walled up forever. By the flory of your love. You're the God who fights. Thank you, Lord. I'm so glad he fights for me tonight. Thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelu. You have to apart the seas. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. Are you glad he fights for you tonight? Oh my, what a God we serve. Amen. So glad. Amen. They brought us out. Amen. Like to go to prayer here tonight. We do have one request from sister Carol. Like to ask brother Donald if you would mind coming and leading us in prayer. She has here u Helen Horsechief is sick and also Caroli is diagnosed with uh what is that something cancer or uh okay arthritis. Okay. And then also she says for my grandchildren. So let's remember these requests here tonight. Looks like we have one one more. How's grandpa feeling? Awesome. Okay. Was he here this morning? All right. All right, let's let's remember grandpa. And also we have uh says, "Prayers for my neighbor around me to set the captive free, free from sin. Satan, take your hands off them in the name of Jesus." Amen. I'm not sure who this is from, but let's remember, okay, let's remember this from Sister Thelma here tonight and that the uh the Lord will give her her her heart's desire. Amen. And if you have a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you now. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come to you in the name of Jesus Christ. And God, we ask you to meet every request today, Lord, Sister Carol, Sister Thelma, Lord, and Brother Duran, Father, all these needs. and God the the the needs that no one knows about, Father. And God, we ask you to touch these lives. Yes, Lord. We ask you to bless this service. We believe in your healing power. And we've seen you heal many times before, Father. And we know that you're able to still do it because you're the same yesterday, today, and forever in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you. Try this. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Amen. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's [Music] head. I see a cloud. [Music] You might have to help me with the key. And I know it's going to rain or B minor. Oh, I see. [Music] Now I see the power. [Music] And I know you have to help me get the key. I'm not the right key. Oh, I [Music] see. Oh, I see a clown like a man's hand. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's hand and I know it's going to rain. Say it again now. Oh, now I see. Sister Rose, do you know those verses? Man's head. You think you can help me do it? I see a clown like a man's head. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man. And I know it's going to rain. At the time when it was dry, not a cloud in the sky, the children of God began to reason why. So they went to God's man cuz they didn't understand. Go look. It's written in the sky. Oh my. Well, now I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's hand, and I know it's going to rain. So they opened up the door. The seventh time they looked once more, a tiny cloud was rising from the sea. Will they begin to understand that a heavy rain was at hand? Just like God said it would be. Oh, now I see a cloud. Yes, I do. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's hand and I know it's going to rain. So today we have no fear. We know a cloud did appear. The scream prophet brought through that door. Oh, have faith and just believe. God's spirit. You'll receive the rain. It's going to pour. Do you believe that tonight? Oh, I see a cloud. Yes, I do. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Is there one more verse? I see a cloud. Oh, and I know it's going to rain. I love this. Now the bride is looking above for a cherry rain of love to heal their hearts with peace they've never known. And soon this bride shall be God's unfolding mystery. The promised word has already been sown. Well, now I see a cloud. Thank you, Lord. Oh, now I see a clown. Oh, now I see a clown. Oh, and I know it's going to rain. Sing it once again now. Well, now I see a cloud. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, now I see a cloud. Oh, and I know it's going to rain. Are you expecting and believing for that tonight? Oh my. Amen. Can we go to G? I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. Well, I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. Can we go up a king of peace? If you got peace, turn around and tell someone about it. Well, well, I got joy like a fountain. I've got love like a fountain. I've got love like a fountain in my soul. Well, I've got love [Music] dead in my soul. Well, I've got joy like an ocean. I've got joy like an ocean. Joy like an ocean in my soul. Oh, I've got joy. Oh, I've got joy like an ocean. I've got joy like an ocean in my soul. Oh, I've got peace, love, and joy like a river. I've got peace, love, and joy like a river. I've got peace, love, and joy like river in my soul. Well, I've got peace, love, and joy like a river. I've got peace, love, and joy like a river. I've got peace, love, and joy like a river in my soul. Oh, I've got peace. Oh, I've got peace like a river. Got peace like a river in my soul. Well, I've got peace. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like river in my soul. Well, now I've got peace. I've got peace. I've got peace like a river in my soul. Well, I've got [Music] peace. I've got peace. Sing it now as brother Caleb Fairweather comes. Oh, I've got joy like a fountain. I've got love like a fountain in my soul. Well, I've got love like a fountain. I've got love like a fountain. I've got love like a fountain in my [Music] soul. Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed. Renew flowed from the grace that I found in you. Thank you, Lord. I love this. And Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see here to me will be stripped away by the power of your love. [Laughter] Oh. Oh. Me close. Let your love surround me. Oh, breathe. Bring me near. Draw me to your side. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like the [Music] eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. [Music] Amen. God bless you now. Oh, I search the world. But it couldn't fill me. All man's empty praise and treasures the faith are never enough. But you came along and put me back together. Now every desire is now satisfied here in your love. Cuz there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. And I know it's true. Oh, I'm not afraid to show you my weakness. All my failures and flaws. Lord, you've seen them all. And you still call me friend. Cuz the God of the mountain, he's the God of the valley. And there's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me [Music] again. Cuz there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you, Lord. Cuz there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than [Music] you. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. You turn graves into gardens. You turn bones into armies. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who can. You're the only one who can. Cuz there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you, Lord. Cuz there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. You turn morning to dancing. [Music] You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. You turn graves into gardens. You turn bones into armies. [Music] You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who can. You're the only one who can. And you're the only one who can. There's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than [Music] you. Oh, there's nothing that is better than you. There's nothing better than you. There's nothing nothing is better than you. [Applause] Did you enjoy that tonight? Sister Hannah, it's good to see you tonight. Do you have a song for us? Were you here this morning? Are you saying this morning? Well, I missed it. My goodness. All right. Well, I won't put you on the spot again unless you guys want to hear her again. Amen. Let's hit if you have one. I'm not going to I'm not going to put you on the spot, but who how many wants to hear it tonight? Amen. Can we go to G? Let's do this here. Oh, wonderful, wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's my counselor. Prince of peace. Mighty God is here. He's saving me, keeping me. [Music] You'll have [Music] [Applause] [Music] enough God. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is mighty deep praise. Can we sing a verse now? Oh, my heart sings today. Sings for joy and gladness. Jesus saves. He satisfies. Banishes my sadness. Guilt is gone. Peace is mine. He's like to a river. Jesus is wonderful, mighty to deliver. He's wonderful, wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's my counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sit and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Amen. God bless sister Hannah. Amen. [Music] There's a peace I've come to know. Okay. Though my heart and flesh may fail, there's an anor for my soul. I can say that it is well. Jesus has [Music] overcome and the grave is overwhelmed. [Music] The victory, his [Music] word. He is risen from the dead. And I will rise when he calls my name. No more sorrow, no more pain. I will rise on eagle wings before my God. Fall on my knees and rise. [Music] I will [Music] rise. There's a day that's drawing near. When this darkness breaks to light and the shadows disappear and my faith shall be my eyes. Jesus has [Music] overcome and the grave is [Music] overwhelmed. The victory is won. He is ris from the dead and I will rise when he calls my name. No more sorrow, no more pain. I will rise on legal wings before my God. Fall on my knees and rise. And I will rise. And I hear the voice of men. The angels sing. Worthy is the lamb. And I hear the cry of every longing heart. Worthy is the lamb. And I hear the voice of many angels sing. Worthy is the lamb. And I hear the cry of every longing heart. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb and I will rise when he calls my name. No more sorrow, no more pain. And I will rise on eagle's wings before my God. Fall on my knees and rise. I will rise. Amen. Thank you, Sister Hannah, for that song. Can we just stand to our feet tonight and invite the men of God? Let's sing this. Oh, this is my [Music] desire to honor you. And Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] And all I have within me, I give you the [Music] praise. And all that I adore is in you. [Music] Can you sing it with all your heart now? Oh Lord, I give you my heart. [Music] [Music] Lord, have your Oh Lord, I give you my heart. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I give to you. Oh, every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in [Music] me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord Jesus. We thank the Lord for his grace upon our lives. Amen. He is so wonderful. We uh sure enjoyed that song, Sister Hannah. And um isn't she's a she's just a beautiful singer, a beautiful person inside, outside. We just love sister uh sister Hannah and we've been privileged to watch her grow up, you know, and naturally and spiritually and and so we're just so glad. I I forgot to recognize you this morning and but we're so glad to have you tonight. And uh God is God is good. It's just good to have so many uh wonderful friends and and one of these days um uh there won't be no no parting ways. We'll all be together and and it'll be a wonderful thing. And um so we're glad to see uh brother John uh Kobe and and Sister Mary uh back with us this evening. and um missed them here this this morning and uh I heard the service there in Claremore was wonderful and so we're sure uh thankful to the Lord for that. Uh we're not going to keep you standing. Let's look here in Galatians the 6th chapter, the 7th verse. And um uh we um won't won't keep you too long here this evening. Um we want to speak a little bit on uh just continuing our thoughts. Uh there's an art in in overcoming. When we say that there is a a method, there is there is a way that we overcome and there's a there's simple things in our lives that we can that that that we can really tap into. And so tonight I want to uh deal with sewing and reaping and and some of these little little tidbits here is just so important in overcoming. And so we we dealt with um love on Wednesday night. And then this morning we we came in just a little bit further on our love back to him. It was God's love Wednesday night. Now it's our love back to him. and and and working out of love. Everything is the necessity. When the Holy Spirit comes into your heart, it's a necessity to please him. It's your desire to please him. There's nothing else that matters to you. And so tonight, we want to just deal with with sewing and reaping. So, let's look here in Galatians 6 and 7. Be not deceived. God is not mocked. For whatsoever a man sws, that shall he also reap. For if he for he that sweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption. But he that sweth to the spirit, in other words, that's that's the capital S. Amen. To the spirit of God shall of the spirit reap life everlasting. Let us not be weary in welloing, for in due season we shall reap if we faint not. As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we just want to thank you today for your blessings. And Lord, I I loved both of those specials. Uh, Brother Caleb's special tonight and sister Hannah. We just ask a real special blessing upon them. We appreciate your presence here this evening. Now Lord, I just ask that you would come in a real uh specific and special way and that you would speak to our hearts to each heart individually. Father, we've come because we want to hear from you. We love you with all of our heart in Jesus name we pray. Can the church say amen and amen? God bless you. You may be seated here this evening. Amen. So sewing the right kind of seeds it's it's a you you want to um I think it's important that we do sew the right kind of seeds and um you sew in prayer then you reap amen you reap in prayer you you you you reap the answers you sew in mercy you'll reap mercy man Jesus said there in Matthew 5:7 blessed are the mercy merciful for they shall receive mercy. Amen. So it's it's mercy. Seeds of mercy bring back fruit of mercy. So the reason that that a farmer plants seeds in the ground is so that he can have a harvest. Amen. So we want those seeds sewn in the ground. If you don't sew the seeds into the ground, then you're not going to have a harvest. Amen. You can't blame You can't blame uh the president. You can't blame the the the governor. You can't blame anybody else. If you are not sewing seeds, you're not going to get a crop. You say, "I want watermelon, and I don't know why the farmer next door is getting watermelon." and and and that's not fair. He's got watermelon. My neighbor in the next door, he's got watermelon and I ain't got no watermelon. And you can blame everybody about it. But if you are not sewing seeds of watermelon, then you're not going to benefit from the fruit of watermelon. Amen. So, you've got to sew the seed if you're planning on it. Well, praise the Lord. So, if you want to receive anything, you've got to put into it. Well, well, you know, why why do they, man? They just they're just so lucky. Amen. As the world would say, lucky. I don't believe in luck, but they say it's lucky. Lucky. They've got a nice house. They've got a nice car. They've got a nice They got a good-looking woman. They've got a Amen. Well, you you've got to sew the right kind of seeds. You got to get out, go to work. Amen. So that you can receive some money. So you've got to sew in labor and you receive in money. Hallelujah. That's the way it works. Amen. So So we God's not a food stamp guy. That's that's not invented by God. That was that that is that is invented by humanity to help people who who get in trouble on an occasion. It was not something that we were to live by. It was not something Amen. But if you get in a bind sometime and you got sometimes we need charity and charity is a one and we all have to have charity from time to time. Amen. But that is not God's intention for our lives. It's sowing and reaping. That's the very first law that God put into action. Amen. At the beginning after he made all of the creation, he said now, Amen. He says now, Amen. Let every seed let every seed yield of its kind. So the apple seed is going to is going to to give us apple uh an apple tree, apple fruit. Amen. Uh cucumber seeds produce watermelons. A no, they produce Amen. They produce of its kind. So if you're going to if you want righteousness, then you've got to soul righteousness, right? Okay. If you want a happy marriage, then you cannot sow pornography. When you sow pornography, you're going to have a very unhealthy marriage. Amen. And the statistics show that you're going to end up in divorce. Amen. If if you're wanting if you're wanting a a a happy wife, then you've got to sew the right seeds into that woman to make her feel make her know that she is your number one. And guys, we need to let our wives know that they are the number one in our lives. Amen. So, sewing the right kind of seeds. I want to sew I want to sew the seeds. Amen. that is going to give me the right crop. Now, I don't know of any farmer that wants to go out and sew a and sew uh thistles. Amen. And and and thorns and they they I don't know of anyone says, "Oh man, harvest or sewing time is coming." Amen. I'm going to get out there and I'm going to sew thorns and thistles and I'm going to put those out there and I can't wait for my crop that I have never in my life. Amen. And this is and and I've been around farming and ranching, but I've never heard anyone say that. Amen. What do they want to do? You want to sew seeds that you can benefit from. Seow wheat seeds so you can have bread. Amen. Sew barley so you can have bread. Amen. And the necessities. Sew cotton you can sew. Amen. You sew these things so that you can reap the benefits of the seeds that you are sewing. Amen. So that means you need to know what you're sewing. You need to pay attention to what you're sewing. And you need to pay attention to the kind of ground you're sewing it in. Because I promise you, if you sew the wrong kind of seeds, you can set belly ache and cry all you want, but you're going to get a harvest. It's going to happen. That's a law that God put into action. Amen. Way before the fall. Satan has come in and perverted it. And now he's got all kinds of seeds. Amen. But I want to tell you, if you sew the right kind of seed, you're going to have the right kind of crop. Can you say amen? Amen. So blessed. Amen. So you as the scripture says, blessed are the merciful, for they shall receive mercy. Amen. Jesus al also said there in Luke 6:37 it says, "Judge not that you be not judged. Condemn not that you and and and ye shall not be condemned. Forgive and you shall be given uh uh forgiven. Give and it shall be given unto you. Good measure pressed down, shaken together, running over shall men give unto your bosom. For with the same measure that you met wi meet wittlele, it shall be measured to you again." Now, what he's trying what he's saying in good old uh everyday English is Amen. The same thing that you give out, the same thing that you you're going to receive it in abundance. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Now, if you sow into your so sin into your life, then you're going to receive disaster in your life. Amen. that John uh Romans 8 or 6:23 for the wages of sin is death. Proverbs 22 and8 he that sweth iniquity shall reap vanity. Job 4:8 even as I have seen they that plow iniquity and sow wickedness reap the same. So if we if we're going to sew sin, sew in in unrighteousness, sew in those things in those seeds that Satan has has brought out today. I I Hey, listen. I I don't believe there was thorns and thistles when God says, "Let every seed produce of its kind." Amen. The thorns and thistles came after the fall, but Amen. But they are now seeds. So there are there are good seeds. There are evil seeds that we can plant. Amen. And there's going to be an evil crop and there's going to be a good crop to receive. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, Hosea Hosea 10 and 12 says, "Sow to yourselves in righteousness and reap in mercy. break up the your fow ground. For it is time to seek the Lord till he come and reign righteousness upon you. You have plowed wickedness and you have reaped iniquity. You have eaten the fruit of lies because thou did trust in thy way, your own way, in the multitude of thy mighty men. Amen. So, so we we we we've got it here. He says, "If you sow righteousness, then you'll reap in mercy. Break up the fow ground of your heart and you can receive just as this farmer on this side of you and that farmer on that side of you. But you've chosen to plow in wickedness and you have reaped iniquity. You are eating the fruit of lies because you received those things into your life. Can you say amen? Amen. Brother Brandham would say in the Hebrew series, he would say, "Well, we can't backslide." Amen. He says, "Well, we can't backslide." And he says, "Absolutely. And when you backslide, you're going to get it. Don't you worry. Abraham got it. And the rest of them got it. You'll get it. Don't you think it gives you a right to sin? It doesn't. You'll pay for everything you do. You'll reap what you sow. You do one little sin and you'll reap a whole wash tub full. That's right. But brother, that don't mean to say that you're lost. That's exactly right. Abraham reaped exactly what he sold and and and was still saved. Amen. So you can you can be a believer and sewing the wrong seeds in your life and and you're going and and and you can be a miserable cre. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So, sewing the right seeds. Amen. Now, you're a spirit being. So, a spirit being, how how do we sew the right seeds as spirit beings? How do we receive seeds? And this is something I want to I want to deal with two areas as ju just quickly here tonight. Amen. I I want to deal want to cover two areas. Number one, allowing seeds to be planted in your mind and heart. And then you planting the seeds you it is important that the seeds that you allow in your mind. Now you say you say now now what are seeds? Jesus said amen my words are the seeds. Now he all he gave a parable. I we don't have time to read it here but he gave the parable that there was a good man that come in and swed seeds in in in the in the earth. And then there was a an evil man come in at nighttime. Amen. Under the disguise of darkness. And he swed seeds. A and then the they found that the bad seeds were in there. And and and and they said, "Well, should we go pluck up all the little seeds?" He says, "Nope. Excuse me. Let them grow together." Amen. And so they asked him. He said, "Well, what what are what are these seeds?" He says, "These seeds that were sown were my word." And then Satan come and sold his word. That's exactly what happened in the Garden of Eden. God sowed his seed, amen, into the into the heart and mind of Adam and Eve. But then Satan sowed his seed into the womb of of uh of Eve's heart. Amen. She accepted that seed into her heart long time before she committed adultery. All right. Brother Brandham says that she accepted Satan's words in her mind and heart and that was where the sin happened before the natural act ever took place. Amen. So seeds are important. What you hear, what you receive is important. Amen. You receive you receive gossip. Amen. You you're you're you're going to take away your faith. You're going to take away your love. Amen. You you receive you you receive things into your life. Amen. That is that is not of God. You you you're going to receive those things. Amen. It's going to take Now, what is a seed? It's a flowering plant. It's a flowering plant's unit of reproduction. Amen. Capable of developing into another such plant. Another one is uh the cause of the hidden beginning of a feeling or or uh let's see here. Um, it's Hallelujah. Amen. Um, I don't have the other deal here, but anyways, it's the cause or the hidden beginning of a feeling or process or condition. So, you've got a seed that's when the natural seed, but then words can come in and they and they will begin what happens in a little bitty seed, amen, will be will will be the beginning of a feeling or a process or a condition. Conversations. seow tiny seeds. Amen. You you you you have you're not having a the the right kind of of of uh uh uh your friends you hang around matter so much because conversations will sew seeds of faith or it'll sew seeds of doubt. It can cause it can sew seeds of of confusion and frustration or it can show seeds of amen of victory in your life. So, so your kind of friends that you have, who you run with, who you who you fellowship with, you cannot be a Christian, a successful Christian, and then and then uh uh have friends that are outside of faith because they are going to be sewing into your life. Hey, there's people there's people even in in in in in church. Amen. Even in this church, I I Amen. They they lean a little bit more on the depressed side. I have to watch how much seeds I accept from them in my life. I'm talking about new life. Amen. Because I don't want that little something in in in to come and take a root in my heart. I want seeds of faith and faith alone. Well, praise the Lord. You say, "Man, you're saying that of your own church?" Well, yes. Hallelujah. Amen. I I've got to guard my heart. I must keep seeds of faith and faith alone. Can you say amen? Amen. But there are others in my life that are my go-to. Amen. And what I mean by that, when I'm in my when I'm in my dark time and and I and I'm not seeing clearly and I come in and I I just start spewing stuff myself. Hallelujah. Amen. First of all, I find a confidant that is that is not going to sit there and listen to my junk and and pity me. They're they're going to listen to my junk. And the reason I'm going to them is so they can slap me silly and tell me you need to get your head on straight, boy. Well, praise the Lord. I'll do it. Amen. When when my head gets fuzzy. And when it seems like Satan's trying to plant those seeds, I'll find somebody of faith. I'm not going to find somebody that's you want to Amen. that that's on the same playing level I am. I'm needing someone to sew into my life. I'm needing seeds of life to be sown in my heart. Hallelujah. Aren't don't Aren't you glad that you've got people that you can go to and say, "Sow some seeds in me." I'm discouraged right now. Seow some seeds. Amen. And we shouldn't be one of those kind of guys that's a constantly on the receiving end. You ought to have that kind of a heart. I don't want to just be a welfare Christian. I want to sew some seeds in my heart and sew some seeds into somebody else's heart. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. So, we we got to have those seeds. Amen. Seeds of of encouragement. Seeds of hey, God's word will come to pass. Seeds of I know it's dark time right now, but God's going to see you through. seeds of I I know you're in the trial of your life and I know the circumstance and I know that Satan's trying to make you bitter, but brother, don't you allow that. Amen. I'm going to sew seeds of mercy in you. I'm going to sew seeds of faith in you. And what does that do? I go to somebody who can help me. Amen. and and sew those seeds because those seeds from that little conversation will last a lifetime. That's right. It'll last a lifetime. So watching what we allow in our heart is so important because the word seed is the genesis. Amen. God's word seed is the genesis. It's the beginning. It's the it's it's what? It's the originator. Amen. And God, Satan has a a a word seed and he will do he wants a genesis. Amen. That's exactly how Cain got here is because there was another seed that was planted. Amen. And so we we we we want to watch now because the action thoughts and actions are seeds which in turn causes something to develop. Amen. And the kind of crop depends on the kind of seed that is developed. Now I I want to before we get get too too much further, I want I want to talk to you young people. when you see sinners or uh when you see uh I don't know evil men and women in the world or you see you you you see people that are that that are bound by addictions or they're bound by I want you to remember that there was a there was a time when that happened there was some seeds that were accepted sewn in their lives and it was accepted now it could have been that there were seeds sewn into into that child amen by a mother and father, sister Sister Stephanie Green has has told us some of her story and the things that Amen. And it was just passed on from her from from her mother and and and sewn into her life until when she was 12 years old. She was doing some hard drugs. Amen. Used to do them right there with her mother. Mom was sewing into her life. And because of that, Amen. She was an addict, a heroin addict for more than 20 years. And and and when she come to the church here, she was living homeless. They they didn't they didn't have a home. She was as skinny as skinny could be. Why? Somebody sewn seeds into the innocent fertile ground and there she become. Amen. But thank God for mercy. Amen. Because God sewing some seeds and we've seen what God done for our sister Stephanie. Do do you understand? So, a lot of those kinds of things and it and it's sad and I'm sure brother Nathaniel could could tell you all kinds of stories that of parents sewing uh evil seeds into their par into their lives. But then there's then there's those of us that are in raised in church. Amen. And you're sort of shielded from the things of the world and and you but those devils are still there and and and those those Satan will come in with thoughts. He'll come with an outside magazine. He'll come with an outside uh something that you see on the phone. These are seeds that are being sown in your mind. And that's where you've got to reject those seeds right now. Don't accept those seeds. Reject them right now. Can you say amen? Amen. A drunkard wasn't always a drunk. Amen. The girl that's going from man to man wasn't always that way. There there there was there wasn't there was a beginning. There was a seed planted in that life and it produced what you see today. You you boys and girls that are you young married couples, you that are somebody swed seeds of eternal life in you and you accepted those seeds and God has shielded you from the devourer. All right. God has given you his blessings. Come on now. It's because mom and dad, the preacher, the Sunday school teacher has been sewing seeds into your life and those seeds have come up. Now, when you get of age, you've got to make that you've got to make that choice. I've told this many of times. Amen. We we were raised without a TV. Mom and dad were very were very strong. My mother was a very uh strongly convicted about those kinds of things in the home and and and and what she would wanted us kids to hear. My dad was a uh she was a praying woman. My dad was a God-fearing man and and was not going to allow us. Amen. Uh uh that that kind of stuff in our home. Amen. And and you could always tell all of us Amen. we were Pentecostal back then. You could all tell all of us Pentecostal apostolic Amen. When we went to Walmart, it it was funny. All the all the Pentecostals from around the area that didn't have TVs, all of the kids were all lined up in front of the TVs. Amen. And uh uh and so uh we we got married and I said, "You know what? I am the man of my house now. Hallelujah. We're going to get us a TV." And my wife says, "I don't like that idea. I was raised with a TV and I don't want a TV in my house." And and Wendle, I just it just I don't want those seeds. needs. I don't want to even get that started when our kids come along. And I said, "Well, as the head of the house, I'm going to bring a TV in the house." Hallelujah. So, we we we brought a TV in the house. Amen. And I would sit there and I said, "Come on, mama. Let's go. Come over here." Uh well, she wasn't mama then. Come on, baby. Uh uh I I I I hear some of those cute words that uh Austin says to his wife and and I had a few of those cute words myself. You know, Jonathan used to he used to call uh you're my sweet pee or something like that to Laura. How did that go? And so, um, I'd say, "Baby, come on over here." And so, uh, uh, but she would say, "No, I don't I don't want to sit there. I I've known what it's about. I don't I don't want that stuff in my mind." But when the kids come around, I begin to I begin to notice, and I noticed myself, I was no longer wanting to go out. Amen. And and I didn't have the desire as much to get out and win the loss, uh, preach on the street corners or doing those things anymore. When I'd come home from work, I'd say, "Come on, let's watch a movie." And before you know it, one movie night and the next movie night and the next movie night. But what I found is those spirits, there were spirits that were on those images and on those words. I found out that it wasn't a it's not it's not someone saying, "Amen, this here." That that TV will not take you to hell. That's true. And neither will your phone. Hallelujah. But it's the things on that TV. It's the spirits that come in that TV. And it's the words that you hear that are sewing seeds in your heart. Right? And what seemed to be innocent were seeds. And I could walk away from that TV and not feel anything. But they were seeds that begin to grow. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. And it's the same way with your phones or anything else today. Amen. The things that you see the are seeds that are coming and what you read, what you hear, the music you listen to, those are seeds that you are planting or allowing to be planted in your life. I think we need we need to set up some Amen. And we we we we need to uh uh uh uh uh set up some guard over what is going to come into our minds and our hearts. Amen. What you plant in your ground is going It might take a while, young man. What you are looking at right now, it might seem innocent. You might I I've been told, "Oh, there Oh, brother Window, I know you don't understand that, but we'll all understand one of these days." Amen. what I'm doing. I know I know you don't want me to do it and I know you're saying the B and I know and I said it's not whether I'm right or wrong or you're right or wrong. It's the seed that you're allowing and it will destroy you. Amen. And the seed did grow and the seed did destroy. It's because the seeds were planted. Somebody wasn't being faithful to guard their garden. Amen. So I think we need to be careful at the garden that we that we allow or what we allow in our garden. Brother Random says when you smoke when you smoke the first that first cigarette and thought mother would smell it on your breath and you took some coffee and grains and chewed it to to keep mother from smelling it on your breath. And she said, "Junior, have you been smoking? What is it?" That's the first thing. Now, a red light begins to flash. Tell her the truth. Don't go this way, little boy. That's wrong. Don't lie. But you said, "No, ma'am. I haven't smoked." And your little heart raced real. You You went out feeling real bad. Then it was twice as easy to tell a lie the next time. From that time, you started lying. We have different things started off at that time as a child. many habits in life that we can think of from that time. So it was something that we allow then in our lives to that that brought brings us to the the the areas of our lives that we struggle with today. It's seeds that started back then that are coming to fruit today. How many understands what I'm talking about? Yes. Hallelujah. But I'm sure glad God's got a big old combine. And God can cut down all of those all of those seeds. Amen. I I I brother Brandon would say, you know, he says the immoral woman, she she she might raise up to testify and say, I I was I I was once as pure as a lily. My my mother raised me to be a lady. My father was a godly man. My mother also they taught me to go uh to Sunday school and to do what is right. and and that I did years and years. And finally one time there was a young man visited our church and I noticed he was he was not just like the boys that were saved but he was looked a nice looking fell. I went on a date with him and he persuaded me to take a coke one time and had something in it. When I came to myself I was polluted from that time forth. I started down the wrong road from that time that started it. We can go back and find the time that I felt my virtues of life were gone and different. And what difference did it did it make now? So I just started running from that time. It it happened at a certain time. So what I'm trying to say, Amen. There se the genesis, the seeds, it has a beginning. Everything what we are today, the product that we are today, good and bad, has come from seeds. Okay. Amen. Am I making that clear? It's come from seeds. So I think we need to be careful about those seeds. Amen. A and so we we Amen. You you can allow the wrong seed. Hosea 10:13 it says you have plowed wickedness. No matter how small the seed is, you've plowed it and you've reaped iniquity and you've eaten the fruit of the lies. So I say today, if I'm going to be an overcomer, and there is there is an art to overcoming, there is there is a science, if you will, there there is a method to winning. Yes, sir. Amen. Just like just like anybody that's going if you're going to be an athlete, if you're going to be a boxer, you're going to be whatever you you you've got to be taught. You you you've got to know how to fight your opponent. And and we've got to understand that Satan has come in this day greater than any other age. Amen. We have got drugs like or that are that are just so easy to get to. We have got sin so easy. You boys and girls, Amen, could can get on your mom and daddy's phone and and and and do anything evil you want to. If if if if you if your soul desired, you you can those things are right here at your at your fingertips. It's a lot worse than it used to be with a television. Yeah. Amen. The old television just had three channels. Amen. But today, you you've got you've got everything right here and you just punch up anything and it'll pull it right up. Are y'all hearing me? So, so we've got to be careful at what we allow to be sown into our lives because the things you fight today had a beginning somewhere else. Amen. So, give me good wisdom. Amen. There in in in Psalms 25 and 4, show me thy ways, O Lord. Teach me thy paths. Give me a keen sense of discernment. Let me see through all the shams of life. Teach me how to identify the spirit behind a thing. Amen. There in in Psalms 119 and 66, teach me good judgment and knowledge, for I have believed thy commandments. Teach me, teach me to teach me to watch, watch what spirits I allow. Can you say amen? Well, praise the Lord. Proverbs 10:14 it says wise men lay up knowledge or wise men treasures hides knowledge but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction. James 1:19 it says wherefore my beloved brethren let every man be swift to hear slow to speak. Let let let me let me be a learner. Teach me teach me how to to to watch. The prophet would tell us that's the way it is. Shun the appearance of evil. Have the first thing in front of you. When it's evil, say no. You need to say that. No. That settles it. Don't have a wishbone. Have a backbone like that. Stand out. See, when you know you're right, if you believe in God, you're born again, you will do it. See, that's right. There's no question about that. If you're born of good, it'll take care of itself. That goes back to that love. Amen. That comes up from your heart that we talked about this morning. Amen. He says, "Get away from it. Pull out. Don't have nothing else to do with it. Get away from it quickly." If you're fixing to put your first cigarette in your mouth tonight or take the first drink or go to the first rock and roll party or tell your mama the first lie, get away from it. It's the devil. Amen. Now you understand me seeds. God help me to be discerning of the right seeds. Oh, I wish Martin has been more discerning when I look. I was raised in church. Amen. And I I I and I I've been blessed. But that doesn't mean that I've not had struggles and Satan didn't put sin seeds in my life that I that I nurtured and watered things that have come up through me that I've had to fight with everything I've got. Amen. Are are you are you are you hearing me? Amen. So we want to keep those things that that are right. As again as a man thinkketh in his heart so is he. So if you have the right thoughts, how am I going to have the right thoughts? Well, you ain't going to have the right thoughts by listening to country and western music. Those that western and country are seeds, rock and roll music seeds. So what do what kind of what kind of music is going to sew the right seeds? Well, these days you got to be discerning on the Christian music because Satan has just taken these punkers out there and turned them into gospel. That don't mean that what they're singing is gospel. We've got to be discerning of the spirit. Amen. Help me, Lord. Amen. So, everything we listen to should be word derived. In other words, whatever your thoughts you allow in your mind should have its origin from the word of God. As your p soul proceeded from God, so should your music. So should your what you listen to, so should what you read. Everything that you that you allow in your mind, it should be from God. You say, "Well, I just don't believe that." Well, that's why I ain't going to say I was going to say, "Well, that's why you're a loser." Amen. Hallelujah. But that's that's not nice. Amen. That's why you fight like you fight. Amen. Hallelujah. If you reject this principle, you're a loser. You're not going to win. I don't care how long you sit in church. I don't care how long how you you you you say, "Well, I've been in church for 30 years, and I don't have to do that. I still listen to my I still listen to the old time rock and roll stuff." Hallelujah. Uh you you you can say what you want to say, but I'm here to tell you if you are going to be in that supernatural realm with God and you're going to overcome devils and see the supernatural, you're going to have to do it the way God says do it. Amen. I don't want to stand on that day and be a loser. I want to be an overcomer. Amen. The Apostle Paul says, he says that while I less that when I he says, I've got to bring my body under subjection. Y'all remember the scripture? I've got to bring it under uh uh where where's that at? Anyone? If you can find that, I Amen. Uh I just look up cast away. Amen. The Apostle Paul in the New Testament. And then I think you you'll go up two verses there. Amen. And he says, I keep under my body and bring it into subjection lest that by any means when I have preached to others I myself should become a cast away. Right? This is the prophet to the first church age. He wrote the entire New Testament gospel. Okay? Now, our prophet says that didn't mean that he's losing his salvation. It's just that once he got there has no rewards. Well, he preached to everyone else. He was a loser. It It had nothing going to his account. Can you say amen? So, I don't want to be a loser on that account. Amen. I want to sew seeds and get a crop on that day. Lord, help me. Some somebody else want to say, "Lord, help me. Lord, help me. I I got so much of Wendel Martin in me and sometimes I get so stinking pigheaded and I miss out on the blessings that God's given me on." Amen. That that is going to be on that day. So everything we listen to as you as you sprang from God, your thought should be rooted in the word. Amen. So So again, you're a spirit being, therefore you attract spirits. Amen. You your spirit is magnetized to that spirit world. How do you do it? Through songs, through television, through internet, through text. Amen. Those things bring those things in our lives. Amen. Now, your soul has got to feed on something, friends. Don't feed your soul junk. Amen. Why is it so important that I keep that that that the right seeds in my heart? I I I I go back to this a lot because I this is something that that I really um you know I you know how some scriptures just just really stand out and mean to you and you and it might mean something more to me than it does to somebody else or but but this is something that I've just kept in before me and and and to help me Titus 1:15 unto the pure all things are pure but unto them that are defiled. Where's defilement come from? Seeds, seeds of corruption, seeds of doubt, seed things that we have allowed. Amen. He says, "But unto them that are defiled and unbelieving, nothing is pure, but even their mind and their conscience is defiled." Well, if I can keep my heart pure, how am I going to do that? Give me Lord the right seeds. Let me not allow things in my life that is going to defile me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, how do we do that? Amen. It says, and I read this this morning, but Colossians 3:16, let the word of God dwell in you richly. That means have a fertile heart in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing. That means encouraging, warning, reprimmending, scolding, rebuking one another in psalms and hymns, spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord. For whatever you do in word or deed, do it all in the name of Jesus, giving thanks to God and the father by him. Amen. Amen. So, so, so let me do that. That means every and whatever we do, word, deed, thought, whatever it is, let it all be done in Jesus name. And the only way you can do that is by having those right kind of thoughts and seeds. Whatsoever things are pure. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham says if you inject something in there that doesn't make him the same yesterday, today, and forever, he says, where do you go to? See? Amen. It's that inside. Now, so I I I I I think that's something to look at. Brother Brother Banam says, "Now then what does that do? From the middle of the heart, which is the soul, from there goes forth feeding every other channel." The trouble is we're standing in here with a lot of doubt, trying to accept what's out there. You've got to stop that and and come down that channel with the true word of God that goes out in itself automatically. And when it's what's on the inside, that's the thing that counts is that inside. You say, "Well, I don't steal or I don't drink. I don't do those things." That has nothing to do with it. You can try, as we was going through this morning, you can you can you can do all the dos and don'ts, but that that's not what God's looking for. He's one because that'll have its time. Amen. Uh uh uh uh that that'll have its time. You say, "Okay, I'm not going to look at that no more." And you might go three months and then all of a sudden here it comes back again. Or I'm not going to smoke again. And then a year later, you're back you're back smoking or I'm not going to I'm I'm I am not going to allow bitterness ever again. God's delivered me. And then before you know it, you see that that is an outside trying to do things. But what we've got to do is remember that on the inside, that love of God through the baptism of the Holy Ghost on the inside, it's a desire that loves that word more than it loves bitterness, loves that word more than it loves pleasure. It loves that word so much that it overrides everything else. Amen. It overrides it. And the only Holy Ghost can do that. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Amen. So he says now, Amen. It's the inside. No matter how good you are, how moral you are, how truthful you are, those things are respected. But Jesus said, "Except a man be born again, there's got to be something happened on the inside. If you don't, it's artificial put on. for down in your heart you still desire to do it anyhow. It can't be artificial. It's got to be real. And there's only one avenue that it can come down by the way of that free moral agency come into that soul through your thoughts. As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he. Can you say amen? Now, so we want that. Now I also and then now and and and one last scripture before I I quit there and I'm giving a bunch to you here tonight, but 1 Corinthians 6:19. Amen. It says, "What know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which you have of God? You're not your own? You have been bought with a price. Therefore, glorify your body and in your spirit, in your mind, which are God's." Can you say amen? Amen. Now, I want to That's that. Now, that's what you're receiving. What you're receiving in. Now, I want to stop for just a moment and talk about sewing seeds to one another. Amen. Seowing seeds. We are or or sewing seeds. Period. Now, what I've talked to up to this point is the receiving of seeds. You receiving you you're you're receiving those seeds. How many is going to stand guard on your heart? I'm going to stand guard of my heart. I've got to watch my heart. I've got to watch it when there's things that are coming in and there's there's there's junk coming in. Amen. And and and the devil might might might might pull one on you and you get upset and get upset with with with the malman or get upset with your husband or get upset with your wife. Don't don't don't don't sit there and and and and uh and pet that devil. Repent of it. Repent of it. Get that seed back out of the ground right now. Say, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry." Can you say amen? I'm not going to allow bitterness. Not going to allow hatefulness. not going to allow those spirits to come in. Now remember in your sowing and your reaping whatsoever a man sws that he will reap. I I want us to what does this do? Amen. Someone had had had told me one time that there were that there were seeds that were planted and it was the wrong seed and and um and I can't remember who who it was that was telling me, but there was some seeds that were planted and and it was they didn't have time to go and get get the and so they went and just smothered those old seeds with with the good seed. just just begin to just plant it hard and and smothering out the old so that the new can come forth. And I I I think I think sometimes if the devil has seown those seeds in our lives, you say, "What am I going to do? I've got this harvest that keeps coming and coming and coming." Well, I believe God I believe God can sew his crop in our lives. You don't have to die bitter. You don't have to die. Amen. Defeated. None of us. None of us have to go to the grave in our in our feed defeated condition. I don't care if you've been fighting that same devil for 50 years. I want to tell you, you can you can overcome. You can overcome. But again, it's got to be a love for him and a getting rid of that P R I D E with that middle letter I. Amen. Got to get rid of that. Got to get rid of the me. He that seweth sparingly will reap sparingly. He that sweth wisely. He that sweth bountifully shall reap bountifully. Every man, this is 2 Corinthians 9 and6. He that he that seweth sparingly will reap sparingly. He that sweth bountifully will reap bountifully. Every man according as he hath purposed in his heart, so let him give not grudgingly or of necessity. For God loves a cheerful giver. God is able to make all grace abound toward you that you always have all sufficiency in all things may abound to every good work. I think mamas, you might not realize it right now was Mother's Day last Sunday and how we love you mamas. We can't say enough about you mamas. the seeds you're sewing into those kids. You're not seeing it right now. And maybe you might not see it right now, but don't don't ever don't ever uh lose confidence in your seed. Here's your seed. This is the seed bag. Hallelujah. I wish I had a bag. Amen. Hallelujah. Here's your seed bag. And when you're when you're planting in and and and you're planting your seeds in in the rows as you're going down the road, you've got to have confidence that that seed is going to produce the kind of crop that you're putting in the ground. Because if you don't, you might if you're saying, "Well, I don't know if it's going to work." Well, I don't know if this se this Bible is a book of seeds. It it it His word is true. His word is sure. His word can't fail. So if you're taking these seeds, Amen. and you're sewing those seeds into the hearts of your children, you're not going to get your crop immediately. It's not going to come up. You're not going to wake up the next day and say, "Oh, man." You You're not going to be able to look two weeks down and say, "Man, that don't look nothing like a an apple tree, or that don't look nothing like wheat. That don't I don't see no green beans." But you've got to keep planting the seed because if you plant the seed, you're going to reap. Mama planted the seed in my life. And there was a time or two or three that she might have questioned her seed. She for sure questioned her boy. But you see, the seed won out, right? And the seeds that you're planting in your children are going to come. Don't grow weary. You're going to reap. If you faint not, what does that mean? Well, it don't matter what I sew. And then all of a sudden, you're spewing and you're this and you're that. Keep sewing the seed in the road. Keep keep it going. Your seed is going the seed God's word cannot fail. Can I hear an amen? It can't fail. See, so so we can't grow weary in in the sewing of the seed. I want us to also think about this. Seowing seeds into your I in in in into your your children, your husband, those around you. Seowing those seeds by your words of of of uh uh uh before I get into the words. Amen. Let's I want to get back to you mamas real quickly because here's the scripture. I forgot about it. They're in in Psalms 126 and5. They that sow in tears shall reap in joy. Seowing is hard. Seowing the right seeds and doing the right thing is hard. It's easy to just spew. It's easy to just go the but but are you want to keep the same old crop that you have been keeping all of your life or do you want to receive the crop the blessings that comes from God's word sewing in tears agony lots of times lots of times it's in agony Lord take this junk out of my heart I want to make sure that I sew the right seeds lots of times that you're in prayer and you're agonizing for your for your children and you're saying, "Lord, and what are you doing? You're speaking words over them. Lord, Johnny's not doing well. Johnny Johnny's fighting his battle. He's in his teenage years. Amen. You can you see how how he's testing me every time I turn around. But Lord, I'm sewing those seeds and you're agonizing. Satan, you can't have his soul. Satan, you can't have her. You cannot. I plead the blood over her. I don't don't go the way of the world with them. Sew the seeds, well, praise the Lord, man. I I I remember there was, you know, we we we had we there was there was a family one time, Amen. When the kids got up to that point, they said, "Well, I got to bring a TV in the house because I'm afraid of losing them." I said, "You're you're you're you're missing the point. You are bringing you're you're bringing all of evil right in there for them to listen to. Why don't we start praying and calling out to God and sowing those good seeds and let's see God deliver them. Amen. He that goeth forth and weepeth bearing precious seed shall doubtless come again. Gala, this is Psalms 126 and six. He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheav behind him. Why? It's just a fact. You're going to reap what you sow. Well, praise the Lord. So, let my words help me, Lord. Let me sow the right kind of words. Amen. Let me Amen. There in Proverbs 16 and 23 it says, "The heart of the wise teaches his mouth and addeth or increasth learning." Amen. To his lips. Amen. Pleasant words are as a honeycomb. Sweet to the soul and health to the bones. Amen. So let me sew those seeds. Let me sew those right kind. So when we talk about overcoming, Lord, I'm going to watch what I receive in me and I'm going to watch what I give out. Let me be an overcomer. How many's got that in your heart today? I want to be an overcomer. Amen. Hallelujah. I don't care if I don't care what Johnny does. I don't care how bad the situation gets. I'm not I I I I I am anchored. I know where I stand. The word of God is true. And I'm going to keep on speaking the word of God over Johnny's life. I'm gonna I'm going to keep on speaking the word of God over Susie Q's life. I'm going to keep on I'm going I'm those words are are are powerful. I'm not speaking doubt. I'm not speaking evil. I am speaking the word of God. And and and I'm here to tell you and I and I'm Amen. I'm speaking I'm speaking a rapture for my sons. I'm speaking a rapture for my daughters. I'm speaking a rapture for my grandchildren. I'm speaking a rapture. Amen. What am I doing? You say, "Well, Amen. Does it does it does it uh uh uh do they got to hear it?" Well, they need to hear it. Amen. They got to hear it. If if my wife is is is is just constantly putting me down and telling me that I'm just a man, I'm just I'm a couple degrees short of a man and uh that I I I'll never be anything. Well, it sure doesn't sew the kind of confidence in my life to come home and say, "Amen. I'm going to come home a little more hunchback and defeated and right because she's sewing those seeds into my life." Hallelujah. If I sew seeds into into my into my girl's life and I I'm saying I'm saying thing that's constantly contrary and and and and that that that would put her down. Well, you think that's going to build confidence? You think she's going to want to give me a kiss? You think she's going to want to cook me a meal? But I got to sew seeds of love under her life. All right. Don't tell you don't don't in your in your in your what? While in your in your your fit of anger. You're so to your children. You're so stupid. I mean, even even the baby could get this. What's your problem? You're sewing seeds and it's going to come up in a complex, right? You can't do that. Now, I know they're not meeting your approval right now. I know that. But if you're wanting a crop, then you've got to start planting the right seed into that heart. And I promise you, if you build that, if you plant this seed, it's a it's a Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. What it was yesterday, what it was throughout the church ages is what it'll do today if you'll plant the right seeds. And those kids can feel your spirit. Those kids know whether you love them or whether you don't. Your husband knows whether you love them or whether you don't. Even in the times where you ain't feeling nothing, you need to make sure that he feels it. Your love. Hallelujah. Amen. Not the heat. Amen. The love. Amen. He He needs to know it. He needs to know it. Hallelujah. I know you girls uh uh uh y'all y' y'all y'all fight a little bit more than us guys as far as your emotions and your and and and sometimes you can go but listen good ups and downs ins and outs. When I said I do to my wife, I made a commitment to that girl and she ain't got to worry. I am not going after another and there is nobody else I want. I love Jesse. She's my wife. I don't want anybody else. That means when she's ugly, ugly, cranky, you know what I mean? When she's not, I want to love her. And she's got to have that same thing to me. And in those times when she's cranky and and and I and and and I've got to I'm I'm going I've got to keep sewing the right kind of seed into her life because when I sew the wrong seed, that seed will be there a long time. And she's got to do the same thing cuz Amen. when I'm cranky, contankerous, Amen. and and and uh not so easy to live with. She she's got to know that her rock is she mar she loved me. She she she gave her commitment to me. She know she this ain't this is a until death do us part. There ain't no I'm going to leave you and I'm going to divorce you and I'm going to do this. She's got to have that same kind and she's got to sew into my life. Amen. sew seeds of of victory into my life. Seeds I may be discouraged but she's got to keep sewing those seeds into my life. When your children, amen, are having a hard time in school or they're they're they're h maybe maybe they're they're having a hard time with lying and they're lying and lying and lying and lying and you want to just you don't know what else to do. Amen. I I I'm telling you just keep sewing the seeds of God's word in their lives and that they will overcome. All right. But you got to have confidence in them and they've got to know that you have that confidence in them. Amen. You understand what I'm saying? Amen. Well, aren't you glad that we can sew the right kind of seeds that we are miniature [Applause] creators? How is it? How is it that God could speak and seeds come up? And then he turns around and tells humans, tells Adam, "Take those seeds. Take the seeds. Plant it into the ground and cultivate it and you can do what I've done. Your words, are you hearing me? Plant the apple seed and you'll have confidence that you're going to have an apple tree." Oh, well, what about me and you? God says, "Huh? I am the word, but you're a chip off the old block. Take my words that I put in that seed bag right here." Amen. Use those words and you'll have a guarantee that they're going to come up. Amen. Plant the right seeds and you're going to sew or you're going to reap the right crop. Well, glory to God. Amen. Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Will you serve him? Amen. Oh. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, [Music] amen. [Music] Amen. We are winners. Yes. Because we speak his word, we say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, yeah. [Music] Jesus said, "I love you." Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. You can be like God. You can get the same results that God that God gets. God spoke his word and it come to pass. And then God turns around and says, "You speak my word and you'll get the same results I get." Oh, God. No, I love that. You can change the situations of your life if you just sow the right kind of seeds. Well, praise the Lord. Help me, Lord. Amen. Help me. I I I I want I want to have No, no, you're not going to have the right kind of seeds to put out if you're not putting the seeds in your mind and your heart. And that's why it's important again, keep the right kind of stuff coming into your mind. Keep that mind full of the word of God. And that way it's easier to speak it out. Oh yes. [Music] See? [Applause] Oh. Oh, I love you, Jesus. [Music] I want to serve you. You are my [Music] everything. He sent his word to heal them. He healed all their sicknesses and diseases. Oh yes. Amen. Thank you for your word. They are seeds for my family. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, we're farmers today. Amen. Aren't you glad you're a farmer? Amen. You're a farmer. Praise the Lord. Not a rancher. We're farmers. Amen. We get to plant good crop and we get to receive a good crop. Hallelujah. And I'm so glad that the blood of Jesus will take out all of those that old crop. It take it all out. Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad? In life, it's hard. It's hard to find the reset button. But when you come to Jesus, he pushes the reset button. He pushes the reset button and says, "Okay, you didn't get it right the first time. Now I'm going to teach you how to farm. I'm going to teach you how to do this. You can be a winner. You can be a winner." Well, praise the Lord. Don't be in church for 30 years and not being a winner. I want to be a winner. Amen. Well, come on now. Listen. I don't want you mamas and daddies raising your children and and and and well, you're going to you you know, it's just it's just it's just automatic. You're going to have regrets. That's just that's just human nature. We're all going to regret things. I've got a lot of those regrets. But I tell you one thing that I do remember. Amen. Seowing those seeds into my boys's life, telling them that they were sons of God, that God don't give me serpent seed. Joshua was saying the other day, he he remember he he remembered me telling him all the time, "You are a son of God. God's never he's not giving me junk. You're not the serpent seed." And there he was, just a little old boy looking up. Didn't understand a word I was saying, but it was something that was in breath. I would tell all those boys, "Amen. You're sons of God. God gave you to me to raise, and I'm not going to have any of you lost." And I tell you what I think and I just I'm just going to let you guys know God don't give me serpent seed to preach to neither. Amen. God ain't giving your mas and daddy serpent seed. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And I'm so glad to see these mas and daddies that are just they're they're they're like a bull. They're just standing there saying no. Amen. You ain't coming on my territory. And I I I I just say God bless every one of you. Amen. Seed swers, grandpas, grandmas, aunts, uncles, mas, daddies. Amen. Preachers, deacons, trustees, I thank God for Sunday school teachers. I thank God for every one of you. Keep sowing the right seed. Keep sowing the right seed. Don't get weary in welloing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother is I don't Brother Donald's not here tonight. Amen. Brother Donald is is supposed to have a heart cath uh done on Tuesday. I was going to have us all pray for him. But uh let's continue to let's be in prayer for brother Donald as he amen goes goes through that and God knows those those the struggles that he is facing in his body and amen and how many how many knows that Amen. the words of healing is ours by his stripes we are healed. Amen. And we're confessing that over brother Donald tonight. We're confessing that over Sister Angie, confessing that uh uh over Denise and uh Amen. those that are that are my my daddy. We're confessing those over over all of these believers here. No weapon formed shall prosper. Those are seeds. Put them on your refrigerator. Put them on your mirror. Those are seeds. keep that kind of if you put that kind of stuff into your heart more than you put Fox News in your heart. Amen. Are you hearing me? Or whatever else you put into your heart. Sometimes, Amen. We we we we keep up with the news too much and we're not keeping up with the right seeds. Amen. Let's put the right seeds. God bless you, Father. We thank you for your blessings. We thank you for your word for it is eternal. I thank you Lord for allowing me to to be a swer of seed. Lord to my wife, my children as pastor here, Lord, behind the pull pit. I thank you, Lord, for that awesome privilege. Lord, let me always make sure it's the right seed. Forgive me for the times that I've planted the wrong stuff. Forgive me, Lord, for the times, Lord, that I've erred. Oh God, we're frail human beings, so vulnerable to mistakes. But Lord Jesus, we thank you for your grace and your mercy. Help us, Lord. Now, Father, I went a little longer than I anticipated tonight. Hopefully, I didn't go in circles, but take my broken up thoughts here this evening and let it find a good ground for it to rest in and grow. Oh God, bless every mom and daddy. Bless bless every Lord if we have fallen short Lord and we're we're eaten from the bitter herbs that we have planted. We know Lord that you can come through there and annihilate all that and you can make all things new and you can help us to overcome. And I ask that you would do that. Let every young man, young woman really take these these thoughts into our hearts. The older I get, the more I appreciate it. My mom and dad, they just didn't allow a lot of a lot of gossip in the house. Just just wouldn't hear it. They didn't allow a lot of things. And Lord, it kept my heart so pure to where I could make my decision, not based on this one and that one. And I appreciate that, Lord. And I want to see the same Lord for every one of us here. We love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for all that you are. Now, Lord, you see those who are struggling in health. Lord Jesus, I'm asking that you would send your spirit to them. that you would your angel would go to each one of those homes. You know where they are and that you would heal them, Lord. Gird them with faith and strength. Let your virtue be upon them. You see, brother Donald, Lord, as he is going into surgery or or the heart calath, I pray that you'll be with him, Lord. Lord, what if they've got to correct anything, Lord, just let it go smoothly. But Lord, we believe that you can you can take care of the problem even now. You can make him every bit whole. We look to you, Lord. Ask that you would take the nervousness away and cause your grace to be upon him. We thank you for it, Father. Thank you for what you're doing for Sister Laura Martin there in Arkansas. Lord gave us all a scare, Lord, with the seizures and things that she was having. But Lord, you're faithful. Be with her and brother Steve. Lord is Satan has fought that family hard. We speak words of life and courage to them. We send your angels over that way. Lord, we thank you for it, Father. Oh, how we love you, Lord. Oh, how we thank you for everything that you are and what you mean to us, Father. Thank you Lord. Thank you for these seeds. Thank you for enriching our lives with your goodness father. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Lord, you see every request that has come in. Lord, every request that's come from abroad to our little church here, Lord, even the names that we might have missed, I ask that you would you would minister to them. You've heard their request, Lord, when they were sent our way. I ask, Lord, that you would perform miracles. Zion there in the hospital, Lord. Satan fighting her so hard. Oh God. Oh God. We're looking to you. Bring healing design. Satan, you're defeated. And we speak God's word of healing. By his stripes, we were healed. We thank you for it, Father. And Lord, we just leave this place in your grace and your love. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Rejoice. Rejoice. for him and what you hear. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound to your ear. I love you, Lord. And I live yet in [Music] worship. Oh my [Music] soul rejoice. [Music] angel. God bless you. Press the battle. Keep the faith. Don't look to the right or to the left. We've got a prize to claim. We got a crown that we're pressing for. We love you. I pray today was a blessing to you. Amen. Love every one of you. Praise the Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord. Oh, and I live. Oh, let to [Music] worship you, oh my soul. Be true. Take joy. Hallelujah. In what you [Music] hear, let it be a sweet, sweet sound. God bless you. We'll let you dismiss yourselves tonight. Amen. Amen. Oh, I love the praises of his people and [Music] I love [Music] you. You Oh my soul, [Music] rejoice, take joy. Take joy, take joy, take joy. Why? [Music] Oh, let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your
