################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 2025-05-25 Bro Harry Lancaster Seek Ye First - Harry Lancaster.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    2025-05-25 Bro Harry Lancaster "Seek Ye First"
Speaker:  Harry Lancaster
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCVGch0BzJ0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
forgive me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb calary. He has forgiven me. Do you know what it's like for God to be afraid to talk to him with nothing in between? Do you know what it's like when the day comes to ear? Sleep in peace because your heart is clear. Oh my. Do you know what it's like when the accuser comes your way to look him squarely in the eye with confidence and say he has forgiven me. sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has forgiven [Music] me. I repent for moments I have spared recalling all the pain and failures of my past. I repent for dwelling on the things beyond my power to change. The chains that held me fast. I will go on. My past I leave behind me. I'll gladly take his mercy and his love. He is joy and he is peace. He is strength and sweet release. I [Music] am I will I give up the bitterness and hate the blaming men and faith for all my discontent. Yes, the guilt and pain I empty from my cup so God can fill it up with peace and sweet contempt. I will go on my past I leave behind me. I'll gladly take his mercy and his love. He is joy and he is peace. He is strength and sweet release. I know he is and I am here. I will go on. I will go on. My past I leave behind me. I'll gladly take. His mercy and his love. He is joy and he is peace. He is strength and sweet release. I know he is and I am his. I will go home. No one knew how alone I was feeling. And the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Oh, I laugh and said my life is far without you. I was covering up [Music] se one day someone told me [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, that you love me. I'm [Applause] amazed how you care. Through your precious blood I found pardoned. Oh, and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? My God is so much bigger than troubles I face. And why would I hunger for power or riches or faith? Cuz my God is so much better than all of these [Music] things. I won't be shen. I won't be moved. Can you just help me sing it now? Oh my God, he's faithful. His promise is true. Touch your Lord. I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Because my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. I won't be shaken. Oh, I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is [Music] faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the [Music] mountain. It's time to [Music] move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter. My enemies scatter. cuz they know the battle is done. Yes, it is. Oh, my God is stronger. The victories already won. I believe that tonight. Oh, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Because my God is greater than death. Hell in the grave. Oh, I won't be shen. Can you stand and sing it now? I won't be moved. Hallelujah. Oh, my God is faithful. His promise is true. [Music] I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. I won't be shaken now. Oh, I won't be shen. We won't be shaken [Music] tonight. My God is faithful. Oh, hallelujah. My God. Thank you, Lord. His promise is true. I'll speak to the [Music] mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God, he's bigger, better, stronger, greater. He's bigger, better, stronger, greater. He's bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. One more time now. I won't be shaken. Oh, I won't be shamed, God. Yes, Lord. Can you say that with confidence tonight? Oh, my God, he's faithful. His promise is true. Oh, I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater. He's bigger, better. Say it now. Oh, he's bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Can you say that with all your heart tonight? Hallelujah. My God is bigger. 80. He's better than anything that we go through here tonight. Lord, we love you. And Father, Satan has stuck his head up in the at the wrong time. We know you're faithful. Oh, we know you're true, Lord. And we know whatever situation we go through, you're bigger. You're better, Lord. You're stronger. You're greater than anything the devil can throw at us here tonight. And Lord, we dedicate this service into your hands, Lord, when we believe that by your stripes, we are healed. And we're standing on your word for my mother here tonight, Lord. You see the situation she's dealing with here tonight. We know she's healed of that high blood pressure, Lord. She's had her healing years ago, and we're standing up on that here tonight. And we're believing for your spirit, Lord, to move throughout this place, Lord. Do something special. Touch every heart, Lord, every faithful servant that's come out to your house tonight. I pray that you just feel them with your spirit. Lord, touch every sick one among us. Everyone that's not here, Lord, that's traveling. I pray that you'll be with every member that's here tonight. We love you, Lord, and we dedicate this service into your hands. In your lovely name, we pray. Amen. And amen. Do you love him here tonight? Amen. Can't we sing this song? We sing it Wednesday night, but God, I just want to pour pour my praise on you. It goes to D minor. I believe it's in Jesus. Go to F. Stay in F. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just wanna pour I just wanna pour my praise. Sing that again now. Oh, I just want to [Music] pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just wanna [Music] pour. I just want to pour my praise. He's been good. Oh, you have been better to me than I could ever ever ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on. Sing it now. I just want to [Applause] pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to [Music] pour. I just want to pour my praise. You've been good. Oh, you have been bad. matter to me that I could ever ever ever repay. All that I want I want to do. How about it tonight? I just want to pull my breath. Sing that again. Cuz you've been paid better to me than I could ever ever repay. All that I want I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to [Applause] [Music] pour I just want to pour my praise cuz you've been better cuz you've been better to me. Yes, he has. that I could ever ever ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pull my Sing that again now. Cuz you been better to me than I could ever, ever, ever repay. All that I want, I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on you. Is that your prayer tonight? Hallelujah. I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubts. Hold to my shield of faith. And I feel no alarm when the enemy comes. And like a flood, I will raise up my standard. And oh, I'm going to turn up my praise. I'm going to turn up my [Music] praise. Holding my shield of faith. And I feel no alarm. When the enemy [Music] comes, I will raise up my standard. And oh, verse one. And Satan, can you hear me? This line is for you. And you have no power over what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus, but Jesus lives in me, too. I will turn up my praise, show you what faith can do. I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. Rolling my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes, he will come. Oh, in like a flood, I will raise up my standard. And oh, verse one. Now, Satan, can you hear me? Oh, Satan, can you hear me? This line is for you. You have no power over what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus, but Jesus lives in me, too. So, I will turn up my praise, show you what faith can do. I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm when the enemy comes in like a flood I will raise my can we sing without music now overcome I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubt holding my shield of faith And I feel no alarm when the enemy comes. And like a flood, I will raise up my stand once again. Now overcome I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm when the enemy comes. Oh, in like a flood I will raise up my standard and overcome. And I will praise the Lord. And I will praise the Lord. No matter no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. Oh, I never go up. Will praise the Lord. Sing it. I will praise. Oh, now I will praise. Yes, I will. Oh, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what and how the store, I will praise the Lord. I will serve the Lord. Oh, now I can you just lift your hand and sing it to him tonight. I will serve you, Lord. Oh, I will serve the Lord. Oh, no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. Oh, I will serve the Lord. I will praise the Lord. Oh, now I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, no matter what tomorrow brings. Thank you, Lord. What it have in store. Oh, I will praise. Oh, can we sing it again now? Oh now I hallelujah the Lord. Oh I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh, thank his love. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, think about his goodness. Oh, think about his grace that's brought us through. Oh, for as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. I say great is the measure of our Father's love. Sing it now. Oh, think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Oh, think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's love. I say great above. Turn around and greet someone tonight and sing with all your heart. Think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Oh, think about his grace that's brought us through. Therefore, as high as the heavens above, oh great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, I say great of our father's love. Oh, thank his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Think about his grace. It's brought us through. [Music] Oh, I say great is the measure of his blood. [Music] I say great is the measure. Second hour with sister Loretta comes. Think about it love or think about it. Oh, think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. Oh, for as high as the heavens above. I say great is the measure of our father's love. I say great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. God bless you now. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. Praise the name of [Music] Jesus. You unravel me. with a [Music] mey surround. [Music] [Music] Amen. Till all my fears are gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. From my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Love has called my name. I've been born again into a family. Your love has called my name. I'm no longer a slave to fear for I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I can stand and see. I am a child of [Music] God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I can stand and see. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to fear for I am a child of God. Praise the Lord. Oh, I am a child of God. Yes, I am a child of God. [Music] Hallelujah. Did you enjoy that? Yes. Amen. Amen. Can we go hit Can we hit D? Praise the Lord. I sought the Lord. Amen. and he answered me and delivered [Music] me from every fear. Those who looked on him are radiant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Oh, this poor man cried. And the Lord heard And the Lord heard me and saved me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see. Is the Lord good tonight? That the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, yes. All ye saints, he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Have you come to seek his face tonight? Oh my. As we invite the man of God, let's go to F. The more I seek [Music] you, the more I find you. The more I find you, the more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. You just make that your prayer. Lord, here I am seeking. The more I seek you. So glad there's more of him to be found. The more I find you. The more I find you, the more I find you. [Music] I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hands. Hear your word in my ears. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so real. I can I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's [Music] overwhelming. It's [Music] overwhelming. Let's sing that one more [Music] time. more I seek you, the more I find you. The more I find [Music] [Laughter] you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hands. Hear your words in my ears. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so real, more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. [Music] It's overwhelming. [Music] Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Let's go ahead and bless the Lord. turn into our scriptures. We're going to go to Mark 12. Mark 12:es 29 and 30 to start. Mark chapter 12 starting at verse 29. And Jesus answered him, the first of all the commandments is here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul and with all thy mind and with all thy strength. This is the first commandment. Let's turn to Matthew chapter 6. Matthew chapter 6, starting at verse 31. Therefore, take no thought, saying, "What shall we eat, or what shall we drink, or wherewith all shall we be clothed? For all these things do the Gentiles seek. For your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for the tomorrow, for the moder shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. Let's go ahead and bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this evening, Lord. Lord, we just thank you for allowing us to to gather together once more, Lord, to Lord, we've we've come and we've we've worshiped you, Lord Jesus. We've we've we've lifted praises up to you, Lord. And Lord, already we've seen the devil just trying to to disrupt the service, Lord. And Lord, we pray that right now you would just go to the the back room right now, Lord, and that you would just be with with Sister Fres in a special way, Lord. That you would just continue to strengthen her body, Lord. that you would continue to to quiet and and and calm her nerves, Lord Jesus. Just help her to be able to relax and enjoy the service, Lord. Enjoy your presence, Lord. Enjoy the word, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray that you would be with the rest of us, Lord. That you would help us to to keep ourselves focused on you, Lord. To help us to stay focused on on your word, Lord, and Lord, not to allow ourselves to be distracted by what the the enemy would try to be throwing our way, Lord. Lord, may we just Lord, may we just reach out to to touch the hem of your garment as you're passing by, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would guide me, Lord. That you would give me the right words to speak, Lord. That you would, Lord, just that you would quicken the the words, Lord. That they would just be a blessing to your people, Lord. That they would minister to the needs of of everyone here, Lord. And that we would walk away knowing that we've been in your presence once more. Lord, we just commit the remainder of the service into your hands, Lord, and pray that you would take complete control. We just love you and we thank you for all that you do for us. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. You may all have your seats. Praise the Lord. Psalms chapter 16 and verse 8. I'd like to read that as well real quick as we're getting started here. Psalms chapter 16 and verse 8 says, "I have set the Lord always before me. Because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved." All right. Now, in the sermon in his presence in 1962, brother Brandham's preaching and he says, "Now listen, church, I love you and I I want you to listen to me now." As brother McCulla used to say, I'm going to say something. Always put the Lord before you and don't you do nothing that you wouldn't do in his presence because he's watching over you. See, the Lord is encamped about those who fear him. He stays right there near you and he knows everything you're doing. And you must recognize that when you start to tell a lie, don't do it. Remember, God is listening at you. If you start to do a little cheat, don't you do it. God's looking at you. If you start to take his name in vain, don't do it. God's listening at you. Start to smoke a cigarette, he's watching you. See, we used to sing a song all along on the road to the soul's true abode. There's an eye watching you. Every step that you take, this great eye is awake. There's an eye watching you. Remember, do like David. Put the Lord always before your face and your heart will rejoice and your flesh shall rest in hope. For he promised it. Yes, sir. He knew that he would raise it up because God had promised it. All right. Amen. Now, we've all heard the the scriptures read before. Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. And there have been plenty of sermons preached on it. There have been plenty of Sunday school lessons taught on it. But at the same time, it's something that all too often we can begin to let slip. We live in a world where everyone very commonly is asking, "What are your goals? What are you trying to achieve?" Especially if you're in the business world or as I have been going through job interviews, one of the most standard questions they ask is where do you see yourself in five years? Or okay, what do you want to be do in the next five years? Or what do you want to accomplish in the next five years? Or everything's about what are you going to be able to do? What are you building? What are you creating? What are you what position do you want to achieve? How much money do you want to make? What kind of house do you want to have? What kind of family do you want to have? kind of take your pick of what it is. It's all about what is your goal? What are you trying to get to, okay? And that doesn't mean that there's anything wrong with with setting goals. It's nothing wrong with going, "Well, you know, Lord, if you would let me, this is really what I'd I'd like to achieve. I'm sure if we talk to any of the different brothers that own their own businesses, they have some sort of goal that they're working towards." Brother Colby doesn't just go out and get up every morning and go, "Well, I hope I have a job today and I hope I have something to do and you know, I I I hope I get enough gas for my truck and I hope I do this. I hope I do that." He has he has a goal that he wants to get to. Hey, I want to be able to make this much money to provide for my family. I want to be able to have this much freedom so that I can go to the services or that I can do this or I can do that. I sure he has goals. And so there's nothing wrong with having goals or having something that you're working towards. But yet at the same time, we live in a world where everyone will get so wrapped up in that being one of the biggest things and most important things that's going on for them is what are you trying to achieve? What are you trying to get to? Okay. Well, what steps have you taken to get there? Are you great? This is a goal. What what are you doing? And they make it so big and so much of a focus on what are you doing to achieve this in the world around us? What are you doing to make yourself successful? What are you doing to make yourself more wealthy? What are you doing to make yourself more fit, more healthy, more take your pick about whatever subject or whatever topic? What are you doing to work on it? All right. and everything is the world is designed to make you focus on the world. Yeah. The world isn't designed to make you think about God. The world isn't designed to make you look towards the heavens. The world is designed to pull you away from it. The world is designed to make you look at anything but God. To look at everything about what you can do, what you control, what you can achieve. Okay? And yet God God writes in the scriptures and tells us that don't worry about what you're going to eat. Don't worry about what you're going to drink. Don't worry about where your clothes are going to come from. If you go through in life and you seek God first, then the rest I'll add unto you. Now, that doesn't mean that he wants us to be lazy and just get up and go, "All right, Lord. What am I going to do? Where am I going? What's what's next?" That's why I said there's nothing wrong with having some goals about what you're trying to do. Yeah, great. If you're employed with this person, maybe you want to try to move up within their organization. Maybe you want to try you own your own business. You want to build it to make it bigger or better. You're trying to you want to learn this, so you're going to go take the appropriate classes you need or do this or do that. Yes. But even as we're going through those steps, even as we're going through the different things to try to accomplish something that we feel like this is what God would want us to do. Hey, God wants me to be in this career. God wants me to be an electrician. Okay. So then I need to go through the studying. I need to go through the apprenticeships. I need to go through so that I can eventually be able to get the licenses I need and pass these big tests and do all these different things. And that's all good. There's nothing there's nothing bad in doing that in in and of itself. But God tells us that that can't be our first and only concern. That can't be our biggest concern in our life. That can't be where all of our focus is going. Yes, sir. Yeah. It God tells us that we're supposed to love God above above all others and we're supposed to seek him first. Yeah. And if we seek him first, then he'll help us to do the rest. He's not going to help you sit around like a lazy bum and do nothing. and he will still provide for you, but he's going to, you know what? When you go take the test, he's going to help bring those things back to your remembrance so that you can pass. When you go and you're putting in the work, you're putting in the effort. He's going to help you to be able to accomplish some things, to be able to earn what you need to to be able to provide for your family, to be able to pay the bills. Maybe you're not going to be able to buy the new truck, but he's going to keep your old truck running. Maybe you're not going to be able to get the new house. Yeah. But he's going to make it where you have a house you can be comfortable in and you can live in. Might not be quite as nice as you want, but it's there. He's going to meet your needs and he's going to give us what you He's going to give you what you have need of. Yes, sir. Yeah. When we go back to the garden, as brother Wendle was talking about it this morning, as we go to we'll go to Genesis chapter 2 and verse 16. And the Lord commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat, but of the tree of the knowledge of the good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. For in the day that thou eatest, therefore, thou shalt surely die." We jump ahead to Genesis chapter 3. Brother Wendle read this section of scripture this morning. Genesis chapter 3, starting at verse one. Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord had made. And he said unto the woman, "Yay, hath God said, you shall not eat of every tree of the garden." And the woman said unto the serpent, "We may eat of the fruit of the tree of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden. God hath said, you shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it, lest ye die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "Ye shall not surely die. For God doth know that in the day you eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and yet shall be as gods, knowing good and evil. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. Now, I don't need to spend a whole lot of time talking about original sin. Brother Wendell covered that this morning for us. But yet this is the first time when you see mankind get their eyes off of seek ye first, okay? The kingdom of God. If they were going into it, if he had gone into it with that mindset of seek ye first, then when Satan put out, oh well, God just knows that if you do this, your eyes are going to be opened. You're going to be able to know the difference between good and evil, this, that, or the other. She would have been looking at him going, "Seek ye first. Well, God said this, then that's what I'm going to do." God said, "Don't eat it." Okay, we're done. Moving on. Yeah. And all of us will look back and we can look back at this and go, they had one instruction. They only had one rule to follow. It was don't eat this tree. That was it. There was one thing. Don't eat this tree. And yet it was that easy to lose sight and go, "Oh, well, maybe God's deceiving me. Maybe God's trying to keep me from something better. Maybe God is trying to keep me from becoming like him." Yeah. Yeah. And it seems like we can look back at this and everyone look at why this was such a big thing. It was such a huge thing. But yet in the moment as Eve is talking to the serpent, it wasn't like he was coming out and saying everything God has ever told you was a lie. Yeah. He wasn't trying to throw out every single thing that they had ever had in any of their conversations with God. It was just, you know, it's just this one thing. You won't die. Yeah. Yeah. You won't die. It's just just this one thing. All the other conversations you've had with God have been great. All those evenings you've had communing in the garden, all the things that God said to you in those moments. Does anyone ever wish that was written down in scripture that we wouldn't know what they were saying back and forth in those moments? But yet here it is and he's just going this one thing. Everything else God has said has been right. Yeah. This is it. And she loses sight of the fact that I just have to follow him. If I just stick with what he said, everything's going to be fine. Let's go to 1st Samuel chapter [Music] 15. 1st Samuel chapter 15 and starting at verse one. And Samuel also said unto Saul, "The Lord sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel. Now therefore hearken thou unto the voice of the words of the Lord. Thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, I remember that which Amalecch did to Israel, how he laid weight for him in the way when he came up from Egypt. Now go and smite Amalecch and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not, but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass. Let's drop down to verse 20. And Saul said unto Samuel Samuel, "Yay, I have obeyed the voice of the Lord, and have gone the way which the Lord sent me." and have brought Aag, the king of Amalecch, and have utterly destroyed the Amalachites. But the people took of the spoil, sheep, and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed, to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God and Gilgal. And Samuel said, Hath the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings, and sacrifice, as in obeying the voice of the Lord. Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of the rams. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king. Wow. All right. Now, Samuel came to Saul and he gave him instructions that once again on the face, it's pretty simple. He said, "Go fight Amalecch and if it breathes, kill it." Yeah. man, woman, child, ox, ash, sheep. Yeah. If it's breathing, it shouldn't be anymore. That's the That's the assignment. Yeah. Everything that has breath, no longer breathing. Yeah. That's what you do. All right. On the surface, it's a very simple instruction. Yes. Saul goes and he leads the army into battle. And it's interesting when I look at this, you know, he tries to lay the blame onto the people for all of the animals, but yet he kind of forgets that he says right up front, I brought the king back alive. So even if Samuel accepted the excuse about the animals, even if that was somehow a valid argument, Yeah. which Samuel when he responds makes clear it's not. But even if it was, Saul still said, "They're all dead except this guy. I kept him alive." Yeah. Yeah. And more than likely, he's going into with the mindset of I'm the first king of Israel. I want to kind of set a precedent so that if they ever defeat me Yeah. they don't kill me. Yeah. So if I spare the king politically, this is a good move. Yeah. So that way if some other kingdom comes in, Yeah. They know that I've spared kings, so they're more likely to spare me and and all this kind of stuff. Yeah, I'm sure he was coming he didn't come into this with the goal of I'm just going to do this to disobey God. That's my whole purpose. Yeah, he had a reason looking at this. Okay, he had a reason of going, okay, this could be a benefit for this reason. He wasn't thinking, oh, I'm going to spare the king and then I'm going to send him back to his land to continue ruling. That wasn't the mindset. Sure. But he was thinking, okay, this is a good this is a good precedent to set. They we don't kill the king so that way they don't kill me. But yet at the same time, he then turns around and sets the blame on the people for well, they spared all this in order for sacrifice. Yeah. Because that's a good thing. We're worshiping God. We're sacrificing. We're giving it all to him. Yeah. And Samuel comes back with the response that I'm sure all of us have read or heard so many times. Obedience is better than sacrifice. Yes. Yes. And we find that throughout the scriptures and case after case as we go through when God gives an instruction and the people lose sight of the fact that their first commandment is to love the Lord and they're supposed to be seeking first the kingdom of God. All right. This is our reason for being on earth is to love and worship God and to seek him. Yes, sir. And when we lose sight of that, when we lose sight of that being the most important things in our life, that's when we allow what seem like small things to slip by. Saul looked at it was like, "Look, I've just slaughtered the entire army. I've killed all these people. I don't remember from the scriptures exactly how big the army was, but we'll say however many thousands of people. So if he if there were 5,000 in the army, he killed 4,999. You know, for most of us, if you got 4,999 out of 5,000, this is a good day. Whatever we're trying to accomplish. Yeah. If I missed only one, if I only miss one out of a thousand in whatever it is, whether it's I'm inputting data in a spreadsheet, whether it's you're hunting, whether it's your fishing, whether it's you're bidding jobs, whether it's whatever, if I only miss once out of a thousand, I'm doing all right. I am probably in the top percentile of whatever industry or whatever job this is if my errors are that low, right? He was looking at it going, "I did it. I was right. 999 out of a thousand. I just saved the one king." Right. Yeah. I just let the people keep some animals for sacrifice. All right. This isn't a big deal. This is such a small thing. And so when Saul's standing there saying, "I did what God commanded." He's saying it with sincerity. He's not standing there thinking that he's lying to Samuel. He's not standing there thinking that he's lying to God. Yeah. He's going, "I did it." Because 999 out of a thousand, that's solid. Yeah. That's pretty good. Yeah. Anyone else? They're going to sign off. You get an A on your report card and you get to move on to the next class. All right. But God doesn't look at things the same way that we do. God doesn't apply the same filters to things that we do. Okay. That one out of a thousand or one out of 5,000 or one out of a million matters. And those little things are the things that we start to let slip. When we stop seeking God first, okay? When we start letting it slip, when we start letting God slide to the back burner. Yeah. Is when we begin to let those single things slide. Yeah. And we stand here in our humanity and we go, "This is good enough." Yeah. What I'm bringing to you, Lord, is good enough. What I'm offering to you is good enough. When Cain came to offer his sacrifice to God, he was offering all of his fruits and vegetables and all the things that he had raised in the garden, he was coming in sincerity. He was coming with the desire to worship. He had been brought up the same way as Abel. Okay? He had heard the same things from his mother and father. He had had the exact same instruction. It wasn't that they had taken, all right, we're going to lie to Cain all his life. Yeah. We don't want him to know what actually happened in the garden. We don't want him to know what's important. Yeah. He wasn't being set up. Okay. In the modern terminology, he wasn't being punked. Yeah. They raised him with the exact same information, the exact same upbringing. They were teaching him what was required. Yes. Okay. So, he came with sincerity. He came thinking what he had to offer was good enough. Yeah. Okay. Cuz Lord, I'm bringing you the best of what's in my field. I know it's not blood and I know the original sin was a blood issue. Yeah. But Lord, the fruits and the vegetables, this is the best that I can offer. Yeah. Because you know, my brother raises sheep. I raise fruits and vegetables. So, I'm giving you what I This is This is the from the sweat of my brow, the calluses on my hands brought this forth. Yeah. I've put in the months and months of work tending these crops, weeding them, working in the hot sun, doing all these things to bring them about, battling the thorns and the thistles. Yeah. And I'm offering you what I've produced. I'm offering you the best that I have. Yeah. And yet it was the 999 out of a thousand. He was missing the one piece. He was missing the piece of you need blood for redemption. You need blood to purify. You need blood to cover your sin. Yeah. It isn't just about Lord, I'm bringing you the best that my hands can produce or I'm bringing you the best of the work that I can put in. Yeah. God's going, I've given you this instruction. This is what you're supposed to do. Okay. And 999 out of a thousand isn't enough. That's not close enough. God doesn't take close enough. God takes. You come by my word. You come by my path. You come by the way that I've set before you. You come by the narrow road. That's what I accept. That's what I take. Yeah. Matthew chap 24 and verse 24 says, "For there shall arise false Christs and false prophets and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. They're going to have the 999 out of a thousand. Yeah. It's going to be so close by a razor's edge that it's right there." Yes. And God says very clearly, if you're willing to accept close, you're going to be deceived. Okay. True. Right. He's saying, "If you're willing to take your eye off of seek ye first the kingdom of God, if you're willing to take your eye off, love the Lord thy God above all else, then you'll be deceived because they're that close. They have the signs and the wonders. They use the same Bible. They'll use same scriptures. They'll use the different things to point to it. And they'll be that close to it. so close that it would deceive the bride if it were possible. That's the only thing that can make us confident that we're not deceived is because God put that one little extra in there. Okay? He said, "If it were possible," Okay. All right. He didn't leave it as in so much that they shall deceive the very elect. He said in so much that if it were possible, they're going to be that close. They're going to be shooting the target that accurately where they're bully after bullseye after bullseye after bullseye except for this one shot that's off to the side. Yeah. You know, remember when brother Brandham talked about that one rifle, and I forget which brand it was, that he could drill bullseye after bullseye after bullseye after bullseye at however many yards it was. Yeah, I'm not a gun guy, so I don't remember those. I could probably ask brother Austin. He could tell me all the facts and figures, but he could drill bullseye after bullseye because he had done it. Yeah. And then he had one that it wasn't doing that. It wasn't grouping that tightly. It was within a however many inch group at that many yards. Yeah. And he talked to he contacted the manufacturer. He's like, "There's something off with this rifle." Yeah. Cuz it's not drilling like it should. And they said, "No, that's that's within the the realm of acceptable for when we make these rifles. This is this is still a very accurate weapon. This is what we would say is good. Yeah. And yet brother Brandham standing there going, "No, this is not because I have shot with this rifle and I have achieved this result." Oh, yeah. Which means that if I'm not achieving that result, there is something wrong here. Yeah. Cuz I've seen it done. I've seen the way it should work. I'm not going to accept the 999 out of a thousand. I'm not going to accept this variation because I know it should be doing this. Yeah. Brother Brandham said that God designed him that way. He had to be that way to be able to handle the word of God the way that he did, to be able to be the prophet for the last hour. Well, the bride's going to be the same way. We're not going to be in the mindset of close is good enough or close enough is good enough. We're not the bride isn't in tune to the point of going, "Well, 99 out of a 100red or 999 out of a thousand or keep taking the bigger the number bigger going, "Oh, we only missed one out of a million. That's good enough." Yeah. That's not the mindset of the bride. The mindset of the bride was modeled for us by the prophet going, "This is what the word said, so that's what it is." Yeah. Yeah. If this is what it says in the scriptures, then there's no deviation. There's no going, "Well, that was for another day. Well, that was for another hour." No. If God put it in the Bible, it's for now. Yeah. If God wrote it there, Amen. And he has maintained it through all the years, all the hundreds of years, through however many different languages being translated. Yeah. Being changed, going through all these different things, and he's maintained the scriptures, held the authenticity. Okay. God's not looking at it and going, "Eh, that's close enough." You know, when they were when you would have the the monks that would be hand transcribing the Bible and they would be copying from one Bible that had been finished and they would be copying into their own, writing out the scriptures. They would have the headmaster or the whatever the guy's title was that was in charge would come in and he would read it over. Yeah. And if there was a single flaw, if there was a single punctuation mark in the wrong place, if there was a single word misspelled, if there was a single deviation, then the entire document had to be thrown away. They didn't just get rid of, well, you're working on this page, so redo that page. It was the entire thing's gone. Start over. Because 99 out of 100 wasn't good enough. They weren't looking for close. They weren't looking for it's close enough. It's almost perfect. Yeah. They were looking for this is the word of God. We don't change it. We don't adjust it. We don't mess with it. We don't edit it. Okay? If this is how God wrote it, if this is how God inspired man to put it down on paper, we're going to keep it exactly the same. All right? We're going to copy it precisely and it will be 100 out of 100. 1,000 out of 10,000. There will be no deviation. Okay? Because that was what was required. Yeah. I mean, think about it right now. I didn't look this up. I should have. In exactly how many words are in the English King James Bible, however many thousands of words that is. Actually, we're going to look it up. All right. The King James Bible contains 783,137 words, right? 783,137. If every time it was transcribed, if every time it was copied, if every time they handed off to a new printer, they handed off to a new production, a new whatever, and there was one error in every single time. That's good enough. It's one out of a thousand, one out of 100, one, one out of 783,000. That's good enough. You can mess up on one word each time. And over the hundreds of years, you keep having one error and one error and one error and one error. We would now be standing here looking at the scriptures and seeing the cow grazing in the tree. All right. As brother Brandham talked about when making the puzzle, we that would be the image we would see. Yeah. Because it was good enough. All right. But yet God has protected this word over the hundreds and thousands of years from when it was transcribed depending on which book of the Bible you're talking about. He's maintained the accuracy over all that time. Okay? And he never once looked at it and was like, "That'll be good enough for my bride. That'll be good enough for Leodysia. They can let that one slide. They can they can let that edit slide. That's okay. It's not a problem. Yeah. But God went through it and maintained and held the scriptures through all of those years so that we as the bride could go, he didn't really mean that. That's not that important. That's not that big a deal. If God maintained the scriptures for this long, Yeah. then how in the world can we look at it and go, "Yeah, it doesn't matter. It doesn't hold importance to us." Okay. All right. In Song of Songs, it says, "The little foxes that spoil the vines, for the vines have tender grapes." It's he's not talking about it's these big issues. It's He's not talking about in the translation of scriptures, they were messing up entire chapters and that's a big deal that we have to watch out for. They're messing up big problems, big issues. But he's going, "Hey, it's the small things." Yeah. It's the little issues. It's messing up the single word. It's messing up the single punctuation. And so often we can treat the scriptures or treat what we've learned from the prophet in that kind of manner where we begin to go, it's really not that big a deal. Okay? It's really not that important. Brother Brandham reminded us in the quote that I wrote a little bit earlier about the fact that when you're tempted to do that little white lie, when you're that little bit of dishonesty, that that little crooked deal, that little whatever, remember God's right there with you. God's God's watching. And God cares about the little things. God cares about those little changes. We're not talking about going from sitting on the front pew and tomorrow they're slumped over a bar drunk somewhere. Yeah. We're not talking about it being a huge shift in a matter of moments. But we're talking about those decisions that we make every day, day in and day out, where we step up to it and we either make the decision, we're seeking God first. Okay. Or we make the decision, I'm going to do what I want to do. Okay. All right. It's not in the big moments. It's not in the major descript major decisions that we see the character of a man or a woman. Yeah. Yeah. It's in a lifetime of these small moments. That's true. A lifetime of these small decisions where you step up to it and you decide, you know, it's okay for me to twist the truth just a little bit. I'm trying to spare their feelings. I don't I don't want to hurt them. So, I'm just going to change the way I say it a little bit. All right. And yet, God's standing there and going, "No, speak the truth. Speak the truth in love." That doesn't mean you come out and beat someone over the head with whatever truth you need to give them, but you also don't try to sidestep it. You also don't try to avoid it. You make the decision on I'm seeking God first. In the small moments, in the small decisions, I'm seeking God first. Yeah. In the unwelcome Christ. Brother Brandham says, "Listen, in America, when the president comes to a city, well, they lay out the carpet. They drape the flag, put flowers everywhere, the bands play, everything. The show is booked. Everybody, they want to make him welcome. But when Jesus comes, you push him in a mission. You make ready for everything else but Jesus. Yeah. That's the way the Pharisees did. Oh my. What a what a pity to see that condition. Listen, I want to ask you something now. Did you ever pray for Jesus to come to your house? If you say if you say amen, sure you have. How did you treat him when he come? Yeah. Did you give him a little place up in the attic? Maybe maybe your sewing party is there that day. When Jesus comes to your heart, do you feel like crying? You feel like weeping out. You feel like praising him. But what do you do with him? You put him up in the attic. You You go up in the attic over in a little room or down in the cellar and get down there, say, "Thank you, Jesus." Or something. You're ashamed of him before your company. Shame before your company. Ashamed of him before your company. If If you are, you ought to repent today. Amen. Give Jesus first place. Yeah. First in life, first your best, not not your second, your first. Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and other things will be added. But do you let him sit back when when you're talking to your boss and Jesus comes down and he wants you to testify him and tell your boss that the love of God's in your heart? Are you ashamed of him? Do you do you give a little corner? I might ask this to Jesus. Jesus, will you take second place? Yeah. Jesus would say, yeah. Would you take third place? Yeah. Will you take fifth place? Yeah, I'll come anyhow. You think your neighbor would come if he taken fifth place? No. That's what makes me love him. Makes me know that he's the God of heaven. He'll take any place that man will give him. The man will give him any place that you'll give him in your heart. Some of you people only go to church once a year. Oh my, it's Easter morning. You put on your most charming garments, your beautiful hat, and you go down to church and you set 20 minutes and then you come back and say that settles it till next Easter. Yeah. Does Jesus accept it? Amen. He accepts it. Any place you'll give him, he will accept it. You know, we're called to to seek God first. We're called to to love God above all others. But yet God will take whatever place we'll give him. Yeah. If we invite him in, he'll he'll sit there. He went to dinner with the one Pharisee and sat there with dirty feet. Yeah. He still showed up. He was still okay sitting off in the corner with dirty feet. Yeah. Unanointed, left alone. But yet he still came because he'd been invited. Okay. Hebrews chapter 10 and verse 25 says, "Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together as the manner of some is, but exhorting one another and so much the more as you see the day approaching." In the sermon convinced then Concerned, Brother Brandham says you must be sure the Holy Spirit will bring forth a holy life. That's right. And if the desires in your heart, if you have to force yourself constantly to try to press and do what's right, and the world is still hungering you in you, then there's something wrong. See, the Holy Spirit in you will not hunger for the world, it'll hunger for God. If it's hard for you to go to church and press yourself to come when the church is open, there's something wrong with that spirit. It's trying to keep you away from God. The spirit of God will run you right straight to the church every time the door opens for fellowship. Yes, sir. See, you've got to be sure of this now. Yeah. The time is at hand. Yeah, that's very true. You know, we had when my wife and I were in Florida, we'd gone through some different times and I'd actually just gone back into the the Chick-fil-A world. I was back working at a Chick-fil-A location in Florida. was our last year that we were living in Florida before we decided to move to Alabama. And I had worked my way up within the organization there. I'd begun to move up through through management and I was one of the top three people there. But part of it is I was working an 11 to close shift Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. I was putting in basically 12-hour days each day. I would go to work. I would get off. I would come home. My family would all be asleep. I would shower. I would go to bed. I would sleep till 8 8:30 cuz I hadn't gone to bed till midnight. I'd get up, I'd eat breakfast with my family, and I'd go to work again. And as the weeks built up and as the time continued to pass, I began to look at it and I missed spending time with my family. I missed seeing them for more than just an hour in the morning. Yeah. And yes, on Wednesdays, I was still working. It wasn't the close shift. if I was getting to go to church Wednesday night, but I was still working on Wednesday as well. And so our church in Florida, we had just like we do here, we had both a Sunday morning and a Sunday evening service. And we would get up after the late night Saturday night. And Saturday night was one of the latest nights I would have at the restaurant. Sometimes I wouldn't leave the restaurant till midnight trying to make sure everything was cleaned up right and everything was put away. Then you get home cleaned up, wake up the next morning, rush everybody around. We only had two kids at that time, so it's a little bit easier, but rush everything around, get to church, and then it was you finish service, and then it's rush to get something to eat, rush to get back. By the time evening service is over, it's rush home, start to put everybody to bed, and the day is gone. Yeah. And so we made the decision that we stopped going to Sunday evening service because we needed the family time. I needed that time with my wife and my kids. My my kids needed to spend time with me. My wife needed me to be there to care for her and love her and we just needed time together. All right. Or at least that's the filter that we were looking through. I wasn't looking at it as seek ye first the kingdom of God. Okay? I wasn't looking at it and trusting that that God would open up the right doors, the right opportunities, or that God would allow things to work out. I was taking the situation in my own control and going, "Well, I can do this to help address the situation. I can do this to help fix this problem in my life." Yeah. And I'm It's not like I'm skipping every service. We're still going to the other services. I'm just giving up Sunday night so that I can have time with my family. Wasn't like I was going out to the bars. I wasn't going out to practice my golf game. I wasn't going out to do hunting or fishing or do whatever. I was just trying to spend time with my wife and my two young kids. Okay? You know, I can look back at it now and at the time I didn't even feel guilty about it. I didn't feel condemned in any way. It was just I'm doing what I need to do in this season. But yet, I was still hitting the 999 out of a thousand because I wasn't seeking first the kingdom of God. I wasn't seeking first to go, "All right, Lord, you're most important." And Lord, you know, I still have a family to raise. You know that these boys still need time with me. Lord, you know I still have a wife that would like to see me around more than me just collapsing in bed beside her. But instead, I decided that I needed to take control, that I needed to make the decisions. Great. And there's no huge moral to the story that I can look back and like, my life fell apart. I crashed and burned. It was so horrible. But I'm at a different state in my walk with Christ and in my journey with the Lord. And now I can look back at it and go, I wasn't fully trusting God the way that I should at that point. Okay? I wasn't putting him first. So if I was putting him first, then I would have been willing to go to my job and be like, "Hey, I need to work less because my family needs time with me. Now I don't know how I'm going to pay the bills when I work less. I don't know how I'm going to provide everything, but I know that they need time. I could have gone that route. I could have made that decision and I could have stepped out on faith and been like, "Lord, you know that I need to be at church and Lord, you know that my family needs me. So Lord, I'm trusting you to allow me to get the raise or allow me to find a different job or allow me to do whatever that will provide. But instead, I made the decision, well, I've got to have this much money, and I'm making it right now, just barely. So I can't give up anything in work. So that means I can cut one church service, right? Because it's not that important. Cuz I was willing to put it out and go there three services. As long as I go to two out of three, that's good enough. As long as I go to two out of three, it's okay. It's a small decision at the time, small decision in that moment. But if I had gone the other direction, if I had made the stand and I had stepped out on faith, I had just pulled away from worker a little bit or feel like, "Hey, I just need at least one of my days to be a half day so I can be at home for dinner with my family at least one night a week." Or if I had done this or I had done that, And I had instead modeled before my wife and my young kids that God came first and that God was most important and that I was going to trust God with my family and I was going to trust God to provide. What kind of fruits could I have reaped from sewing that? Yeah. What kind of fruits could have developed between the relationship with me and my wife if she had seen me modeling that I'm willing to trust God this much that I'm not going to step away from God. I'm not going to step away from attending church. Yeah. But I'm willing to step back from work a little bit and trust that God will somehow make the balance sheet balance. We all have those small moments, those small decisions. And they don't necessarily because we made the wrong decision. They don't suddenly by that one decision make our world fall apart. It doesn't make everything suddenly go wrong because we made one small decision wrong. Yeah. But it begins to set up a precedent in our heart when we're willing to compromise a little bit. When we're willing to give up just a little bit. Yeah. We don't have it the same where Eve was willing to give up a little bit and it plunged the entire world into sin. We don't normally see that big an response to our small wrong decisions. Our small moments where we're willing to put something else to the top, but yet they still affect us and they still follow us down through life. Yeah. Yeah. In the sermon church order in 1966, 1963, brother Random says, "And you could have heard a pin drop anywhere in that church and everybody in prayer for at least 30 minutes before the first note was ever hit on the organ, the prelude." See that and just everybody in prayer, I thought how wonderful it is. Yeah. that when the minister that prelude about I think they played one prelude for about three to five minutes how great there are or something like that on and when they did everybody stopped praying and was listening to the prelude see they give a change from prayer to the prelude and when they played that then the choir director directed the choir then they had congregational song in the choir then they were ready for their Sunday school class and then when it was over there was nothing went on except divine worship all the time and that's what we come for and I think it would be a good thing if if our church and I'm just saying this we already we'll do it. See, let's do it. If somebody does anything and saying that I think it'd be a good thing, if it's a good thing, then let's do it. See, we don't want to put off any good thing. We'll do it anyhow. See, and you just go ahead and stand up there and if they start on a morning or something like that, people to visiting, just let someone or one of the deacons or somebody walk up there and say, "It's been a made a rule in the tabernacle here." Yeah. Further on in the same sermon, how he says, "Now, I'd say this. If your service begins at 7:30, if that's the time, open your church half an hour beforehand, 7:00, let one of the deacons, trustees, or whoever open the door, janitor, put it on up there, the the tape on, and let it be playing while the people come. See, because if the deacons are not here or somebody, let trustee or somebody be here to do it. Then let them play for half an hour. Brother Brandham says in the sermon, church order, he says, "This would be a good thing to do." And he's talking about this church that he had visited that everybody was there 30 minutes early to pray, to prepare for the service, to get themselves ready. And this is one of those things I've heard this talked about my entire life in church. I have heard min so many ministers talk about it. I've heard Well, I grew up with a pastor, so I heard my mom and dad talk about it obviously, but I've heard it talk about You get there early to prepare. You get there early to be in the right atmosphere to set yourself up to to be able to enter into the service so that when the minister comes out, everything is set up right. And yet, how often will we let that begin to slide? All right. How often will we let that slide? Especially when we've got small children to deal with. I will be the first one to say it is not easy getting all the kids ready in the morning. It is not easy getting everybody dressed and fed and out the door. Yeah. To get there on time. Yeah. And we can look at this and we can go, you know, it doesn't say in the Bible we have to be there 30 minutes early. Brother Brandham didn't like preach a whole sermon going, "Thou shalt always be at service 30 minutes before. This is the rule forever and ever." But if it's a good thing, then let's do it. Yeah. Brother Brandham saw this modeled in in a church that he visited. It wasn't something that wasn't even something that he says that he came up with on his own. He was like, I was visiting this church. It was a big church. because he talks about the fact that they had multiple services and it worked like clockwork of start at this time, you had this long, preach this service, get everybody out and like 10 15 minutes later here comes the next congregation for the service. And he didn't hold up everything as we should model everything off of this, but he did hold up this one piece that hey, we should come early and pray. And there should be some quiet music praying. There should be something that's letting everybody know that this is the time for us to be in prayer, to be setting the atmosphere before the worship begins, before we begin singing and praising. We're just trying to get ourselves quieted, to get ourselves calmed, to be in prayer and meditation, to get ready for the service. And it's so easy for us to get busy with life. It's so easy for us to get busy with the kids. It's so easy for us to be tired because I had to work late the night before or I had to do this or do that. All right. And once again, we also know the scripture says there are times when the ox is in the ditch. You got to get the ox out. There are things that will happen that prevent you from being early or maybe even making it to church at all. It's going to happen. There's life. So, this is not one where we now stand here and go, "If you're not here 30 minutes early, you're lost. If you're not here 30 minutes early, you're backslid. Be at the altar and repent." But if we're seeking God first, if we're loving God above all above all others, if we're putting him first in our life, all right? If we have the desire, the Holy Spirit in us going, "Guess what? The doors are open. I need to rush to church to get there. I'm not rushing to be there just in time or to be there five minute or 10 minutes late. I want to be there as early as I can. I want to be there because I have the desire to be in his presence. I have the desire to come and worship him. I have the desire to come and get something from God. Right? But all too often it's too easy for us to get and I know I am meddling so much right now. I should preach this direction for a little while. It is too easy for us to get wrapped up and I've got to get this done. I've got to get this done. Or for the sisters, I've got to finish cooking this for lunch today. I've got to get this done or get this done. Yeah. And people are going to hate me for saying this, but it's okay to get up a little earlier, too. All right. It's okay to get up a little earlier to make sure the stuff gets done. And that doesn't mean that you're not going to rush. Yeah. My wife and I get up early and we still feel like we're rushing out the door to make it here on time for Sunday school and to get things done. Sure. There's still a lot of rushing that happens, but there's also the desire that I want to be here. Yeah. And I don't want to be at the place in my walk that I was those years back where I'm willing to give up that time with the Lord. I want don't want to be at the place that I was back then when I would go, "Well, that's not that important." Yeah. I don't want to be at the place where I'm willing to make the decision that even if I'm making the decision that it's my family is more important that I'm now saying, "Okay, Lord, you've got second place or you've got third place or you've got fifth place or you've got that don't in any way think that I feel like I've got my life perfect and that I have God in first place in every single aspect of my life. I know I've got plenty of places to work on. I am still very much a fallen man that has been redeemed. But yet we should have that desire. Amen. That Lord, I want you to be first. I want to be seeking you first. All right. First Kings chapter 17. Starting at verse 8, it says, "And the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Arise thee, get thee to Zerapath, which belongth to Zidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee." So he arose and went to Zerapath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering sticks. And he called to her and said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel that I may drink." And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her and said, "Bring me, I pray, thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand." And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but a handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruise. And behold, I am gathering two sticks that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it and die." And Elijah said unto him, "Fear not. Go and do as thou has said, but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee, and for thy son. For thus sayaith the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meals shall not waste, neither shall the crews of oil fail until the day the Lord sendeth rain upon the earth. And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah. And she and he in her house did eat many days, and the barrel of meal wasted not, neither did the crews of oil fail, according to the word of the Lord, which he spoke by Elijah. I want you to put yourself in this widow woman's shoes for a moment. Here she was. She was She had resigned herself to the point that I'm going to cook what I have and then my son and I are going to starve to death. That's where we're at, right? There's no fighting against it. There's no struggling. There's this is what I've accepted. I'm going to get my two sticks. I'm going to build my fire, bake my cake. We're going to eat one more small meal. And that's it. And then she meets a man that she doesn't know. Meets a man she's never seen before. She's, I'm sure, heard of him, though she doesn't realize it yet. And he tells her to bring her a drink. And so she goes to get some water from the well or from whatever they had where they could still get some last vestigages of water. And then he said, "Bring me a cake." She says, "I I don't have anything. This is what I'm about to do." And he says, "Yeah, do what you planned. Make you and your son a cake, but make me a little one first because thus saith the Lord." And then she had a decision to make. At that moment, she had to decide. this man that was standing before her that was saying, "Thus sayaeth the Lord." Did she believe and was she willing to put God first and follow his instructions or was she going to go her own way? This was not an easy decision that she was just like, "Oh yeah, fine. Let me go make your food." The scriptures don't go into it. She may have stood there for a while arguing back and forth within herself, maybe even verbalizing it a little bit. The scriptures don't say, but she at that moment was making the decision, do I seek God first and obey his word? Because in the land of Israel, you didn't lightly put out thus saith the Lord. If you were caught saying, "Thus sayaeth the Lord," that wasn't true. You were dead. This was not this was not a phrase that you bandied around. You did not find kids out there playing with each other and saying, "Well, thus sayeth the Lord, this will happen or this." No, this was not a lightweight phrase. All right? So, the fact that someone was willing to utter it immediately put her to a place of, "Do I accept this? Am I willing to obey God? Am I willing to obey the word that's being delivered to me?" Yeah. Or am I going to follow what I had already resigned myself to, what I had already accepted? Yeah. Am I Which one am I going to do? Now, we all know this story so well. We know what happened. Yeah. But take a moment. Put yourself in her shoes. This was not The scriptures make it so short. It's two verses where she's making the decision. It's not It doesn't go She had to agonize over it for half an hour, an hour. This would not be an easy choice. Sister Mary, sadly, brother Kobe died. He's not in this story. It's just you and your kids. Yeah. You're going to prepare the last of the food. and some stranger you've never met just came up and said, "No, feed me first because thus sayeth the Lord, your food's going to last. It's going to multiply. It's going to be there forever." Yeah. As much as Sister Mary would have faith that the Lord's saying it, there's still the practical side in her mind going, "I have hungry kids. that are crying at home. Yeah. And they just want a morsel to try to quiet the pangs in their stomach. Yeah. They just want a morsel to try to maybe ease their crying for a little bit. To give them a little bit of strength to move around for a few moments. to give them at least the kids will have a feeling of hope for a moment that they got to eat something. And yet this stranger is saying, "Feed me first." This wasn't a lightweight decision. This wasn't an easy moment to go, "Yes, Lord. I'll serve you first." This wasn't This probably didn't even feel to her like a small decision. This probably felt like the monumental live or die if I make the wrong decision. What if this guy is a scam artist? I've just killed my children. But if he is telling the truth, I may save my children. But if he's lying, but if he's not, but but but back and forth, back and forth, these were still human beings in the Bible. They still thought like this. All right, but yet she was willing to make the decision to go, I'm going to seek God first. And I'm going to trust that God sent me someone that if they're saying thus sayeth the Lord, it's going to happen. I don't know how. I don't understand it, but I'm going to make the decision to seek God first. Brother Brandham says in the sermon, be certain of God. He says, see, now here comes a great lesson. But Elijah said, bake one first. Oh, what is it there? What lesson do we learn? Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. Bake me one first. And she looked. She said, "I wonder who that is. There's something about the man that seems to be different." And he said, "Bake me one first and bring it." And she started to do what he said. Then she heard that comforting word that always comforts. For thus sayaeth the Lord, the barrel will not be empty, nor the crews run dry until the day that God sends rain on the earth. What was it? That very dark crucial moment when God is always on the scene. If you're sure that it's God, if you've repented of your sins, if you've met God's requirements, then be sure that God will keep his promise. If men and women can only realize that God is obligated to his promise and if you've met his requirements, if you've confessed your sins, if you've made your wrongs right and you've done everything that God has required, then hold on to God. You got to see daylight. He's got to bring it through. Just be certain that it's God and he'll take care of the rest of it if you're sure that it's God. All right. And Elijah in the meal offering, he said, brother Ram preacher said, he said, "But make me a little one first." Isn't that a Isn't that strange that a man would ask a widow woman dying for the last bit of meal she had in the house with a dying child? God does things so strange. Said, "Make me a little one first." She studied. You know, the Bible says that we have entertained strangers. We've entertained strangers. They were angels not knowing that we were doing. She said, "Well," she said, "I'll do it." And as she turned, he said, "Oh my, there it was. The greatest consolation that every believer ever listened to, for thus saith the Lord." That's the word that she was waiting for. Thus sayaith the Lord, the barrel will not go empty, neither will the cruise go dry until the day that God sends rain on the earth. What do we get there? Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. All the other things will be added. How do I know, brother Brandham? How do I know? The only thing I know. Put God first and move on. Sacrifice. Mix the oil. Mix the word and spirit together. Lay yourself upon the cross and say, "Here I am, Lord." Put God first in everything. 1 Thessalonians chapter 5. 1 Thessalonians chapter 5. Starting at verse 16 says, "Rejoice evermore. Pray without ceasing. In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you. Quench not the spirit. Despise not prophesying. Prove all things. Hold fast that which is good. Abstain from all appearance of evil. And the very God of peace sanctify you holy. And I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. We all find moments where we might hit the point of going, Lord, I'm not quite sure how to seek you first. I know I want to. I know I have desire that I want to put you first. I want to live for you. I want to serve you. Rejoice evermore. Pray without ceasing. In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you. Quench not the spirit. Despise not prophesying. Prove all things. Hold fast that which is good. Abstain from all appearance of evil. And the very God of peace sanctify you holy. This short scripture reading in First Thessalonians covers a whole lot of it and answers a lot of our questions when we're not sure what we're supposed to do or how we're supposed to handle the situation or how we're supposed to make the right decision. If we even just go the one verse that says abstain from all appearance of evil, that means you're now going and making a decision not even based on the fact of whether it's evil or not. I'm just making the decision on could it look evil if I were to do this? Could someone get the wrong idea if I were to make this decision? If I were to do this thing, could someone come to the wrong conclusion, then I shouldn't do it? If I'm seeking God first, then I'm going to abstain from the very appearance of evil. All right? And the thing we have is that there are those around us that are watching all the time, particularly those of us that are parents. We've got the little eyes that are keeping an eye on us at at all moments. I was telling brother Wendle this the other day as I've been going through this process of finding a new job. I had had one job that I got called in for an interview for and it was went really well. They told me at the interview, "Hey, we're going to bring you in for a second interview." There was no there was no uh we'll get back to you and let you know. was, "No, we're going to have you come back next week. We're going to have you come in." And it was a job that it wasn't necessarily going to pay the greatest in the world, but I was be providing again. I could always take it while I was looking for something else to keep going. I was be working for a city government and one of the responsibilities was going and taking minutes and notes at city meetings. But there was one thing. There was one city meeting every month for one of the boards or whatever that happened on Wednesday night. One Wednesday night a month. I left that interview and there was nothing else. I hadn't had any other interviews. I hadn't had any other calls. I hadn't had any anything else. This was it. And I was kind of going back and forth quite a bit. It was only one Wednesday night a month. It was only one service a month that I would have to miss. I could make it every other, no problem. And hey, maybe if the meeting got out early, I could even make it in to that one service as well, just get in late. But for sure, there'd be months where I would miss at least just I would miss one service. and I had to make the decision and I was going back and forth in my head, back and forth, back and forth. Finally, I decided that no, this isn't the route I should go. I sent an email and withdrew my application because I didn't think it was right thing. And so then I went to sit down with my kids and was going to explain to them, hey, I've decided not to take this job and this is the reason because it was going to mean I was going to miss one service a month. And so I I didn't feel right doing that. And in my head, I'm making this up to be, okay, this is going to be a great lesson for them. I'm going to be able to teach them and model this is how we live for God. This is the way we do it. And they're going to go, "Dad, you're so amazing. think you're so wonderful. You know, this is how I have it pictured in my head. And I start to tell them what's going on. And I forget which one spoke first. Both Luke and Charity spoke. I forget which one said it first, but they were like, "We knew you weren't going to take that job, Dad. We knew you weren't going to give up going to church. I was building it up. It's like, "Oh, there's gonna be a huge moment where I'm teaching them something." And they went, "No, we already know that. That's old news." They didn't know that I was going back and forth. They didn't know that I had this battle going out of my mind. They were sitting there and going, "Oh, we know what dad's going to decide." Yeah. Yeah. It's good. Because the state of my walk with God is not what it was those years ago. when I was willing to go, hey, I'm not going to go to Sunday night service anymore. And I've got kids that know that better than their own dad does. That they had already seen that this is how we live. This is how we make decisions. This is how we handle things. Yeah. And I may have struggled with the decision in my own mind back and forth. I may have wrestled with it. It may have been hard for me to accept that this was the decision that I had to make. Yeah. But yet those around me never questioned. They were just like, "Oh, I know what dad's going to decide. I know what he's going to do because I know that he's been modeling what's important." All right? And I know there are plenty of areas in my life as a parent where I'm making the mistake and I'm not modeling it the way that I should. I don't stand here trying to go, I'm the perfect father. I get it right every time. But there are moments where God likes to come in and remind you. He's like, "Hey, you've been making the right decision time after time after time. Here's some of the fruit starting to come out." Sure. You've been seeking me first in this area of your life. Here's some of the fruit starting to come out. Mhm. When we look at the young men on the front row or the young girls sitting on the front row when they're here and you see them growing and maturing and having a desire to have a relationship with God and having a desire to live the way that they should. You can look at it and go, "Parents, God's giving you a little nudge to go, you've been modeling seek first the right way. Sure. Here's some of the fruit that's starting to come out. Here's some of the results that you're starting to get." Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. Go to James chapter 4 as the musicians come. James chapter 4 and verse 7. Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. Draw nigh to God and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners, and purify your hearts, ye dumble minded. You know, we'll talk about the scripture, the fact that it says, "Resist the devil and he will flee from you." But it's in the same verse right before it says. It says, "Submit yourself therefore to God." It doesn't say to resist God. Resist the devil on your own. It says, "Submit yourself to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you." If you haven't been submitting to God, resisting the devil is not going to do a whole lot. Okay. All right. Because us standing here in our fleshly bodies, we don't have our own strength to go, "All right, Satan, I can beat you in an arm wrestling competition. I can I can out talk you. I can out reason you. I can out whatever." Yeah. But it's when we make the decision, submit yourselves to God. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. Love the Lord thy God above all else. When you've taken those steps and you go and resist the devil, the Lord's there standing beside you. The Lord's there to fight the fight for you. And the devil has to flee. Brother Random says in the sermon, "Lord, show us the father and it sufficeth." He says, "Don't ever worry. If God sends you, you just go ahead." See, God will take care of the rest of it. Isn't that wonderful? Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. All other things will be added. Just don't have to worry. God has everything. Praise the Lord. Doesn't matter what situation we find ourselves in. Doesn't matter what trial we're going through. It doesn't matter what struggle we're facing. Everyone here knows what I've been going through looking for a job and different things. Everyone knows I haven't been private about it, keeping it. And so, obviously, that's one of the things that's made me look this direction and pay attention to what the Lord's saying in this. But this doesn't just apply to if you're out of work or if you don't have finances. This applies to every area of our lives as we're going through. If we seek God first, if we put him first, if we put him as our priority, then he'll supply the rest. He'll take care of the rest. If we submit ourselves to God, we can resist the devil and he will flee. God calls us to not be like the world and be willing to accept the 99 out of a 100red or the 999 out of a thousand or whatever. We're not called to be willing to accept if I just miss one out of whatever, I'm still okay. God has called his bride to be in the same mindset as what he had placed in his prophet where if this is what the word says, this is what I do. If this is what the prophet preached, then this is how I [Music] live. This isn't lightweight. It isn't all about the big decisions. It's these small decisions, these small moments we make time after time where we are making the decision. Am I going to seek God first? Am I willing to put God above all else? Or am I asking God to take second, third, or fourth or fifth place? Right? Everything we face in life, every decision comes to that same place. Am I seeking God first? That's the filter that we have to use. That's the filter we have to look at is are we seeking God first? Are we loving him above all else? I know this wasn't an exciting sermon. This wasn't one that makes everybody jump out of their seats. It doesn't make everyone want to run the aisles. But it's a moment for you to reflect. It's a moment for you to as you're in your pew to think about your life, to think about the decisions that you've been making, to think about the path that you've been walking and go, am I am I putting God first? Am I seeking him first? Am I loving him above above all others? Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence again this evening, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would help each one of us to do our own checkup on our lives, Lord. Lord, I thank you for the areas of our lives in the moments where you encourage us, Lord. Where you let us see the fruit because we've been making the right decisions, Lord. Because we've been seeking you first, because we've been putting you in first place. But Lord, I pray that you would also help us to examine the other parts of our lives, Lord. that you would help us to examine the other areas, Lord, to find those weak places where we've asked you to accept a fourth or a fifth or maybe a closed off closet that we haven't even allowed you to come in at all. Lord, I pray that you would forgive us of the areas, Lord, where we've allowed you to sit in our lives with dirty feet, Lord. where we've made you sit there because we valued something else more than you, Lord, because we placed something else in a higher position. Lord, forgive us of of those places, Lord. Lord, help us to help us to love you the way that we should, Lord. Help us to seek after you the way that we should, Lord. Help us to to put you as the most important thing, not to allow ourselves to to slide and think that we're doing well like Saul did. But Lord, help us to be like like that widow woman, Lord, that was willing to give up everything that she had, that was willing to give up the food that she was going to put in her children's belly because you had commanded it, because you had asked for it. Lord, I thank you for your love. Lord, I thank you for your forgiveness and your grace, Lord, for all the times that we do fall short. For all the times that we do make the wrong decisions. For all the times that we do put you in the corner, Lord. Yes. Lord, I pray that you would be in our praise, Lord. Be in the remaining time that we have here, Lord. May you just continue to min continue to minister to our hearts, Lord. Lord, draw us a little closer to you. We just love you. We thank you fully. Seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightousness. And all these things shall be added to you. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Oh, seek ye first the kingom of God and his [Music] rightousness and all these things shall be added up to you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The second one. Old man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Seek ye first and seek ye first the kingom of God and his [Music] rightousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightousness. [Music] And all these things shall be added unto you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Your heart's desire tonight. you know, um it it is a very uh compelling thought because we really do it's just it's a must that we put that we put God first and um it is we've it just you know you you just oh you go so much you don't have time there's just so many things today to to take your time and he takes our time in prayer. We we just we lose so much and and and again all it does is is takes takes away our power, takes away our takes away the anointing. And um I believe God's word should be our absolute on everything. We we need God's word. And so, uh, we're all in different stages of our walk with God, different seasons. It but it doesn't matter, you know, as I was saying, I believe Wednesday night, whether you're, uh, a boy, girl, man, woman, husband, wife, minister, whatever you are, we want the word of God. We want to apply that word to our lives. No matter what it is, if you're a wife, if you're a husband, or if you're a preacher, the script, there are scriptures for every one of us. And and it it's easy sometimes to uh say, "Well, my wife needs that or uh well, my children need to hear that." Or, you know, it's easy for us. But we need to look in the in at the word for our own lives and say, "Lord, am I pleasing you? Am I walking with you? Am, Lord, I want you to clean me up. Clean me up." Amen. God still sanctifies today. Amen. You say, "Well, I've received the Holy Ghost, so I I'm past sanctification." No. No. We need We need sanctification. We need a sanctifier. Do we backslide daily? And we need to recognize that we need the presence of the Lord. And so I think this message is tonight was is pertinent for for this day. And Lord, help me help me to make this my my all. Let let I want your word to be everything to me. Amen. Is that your heart's desire here tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. That we we want him to take all of us, not just portion of us, but all of us. Amen. Um, Amen. I There was a song right at the tip of my tongue, but I can't uh have a hard time bringing it up. Praise the Lord. But, um, Amen. But going all the way, all the way. I'm going to I'm going to press. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Why don't we just stand to our feet now and as we get ready to dismiss and Amen. Um Amen. That song that I just want to please the Lord. Maybe we can uh close on that. I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way to be [Music] lost if someday. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. I want to please you, Jesus. Be at his will. I want you to be everything to me. To be lost in your presence, found in your likeness. to hear you say, "Well done, oh Jesus, I just want to please you, Lord." Hallelujah. be in your will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday." Amen. Praise the Lord. Want to hear him say, "Well done. Now guys, we're we're just almost home. We're just almost there. And if there's ever a time to push the throttle full forward, it's right now. Go forward. Amen. I know the enemy of our soul wants to keep us weary and tired and busy and but let's let's go all the way. Let's go all the way. This is rapture time. Now's not the time to be lagging behind. Let's go forward. When Satan says no, you say yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we're going to have um uh we're going we're planning to be out at the lake tomorrow. Going to meet out there around 11:00. I'm going to going to grill some hamburgers and hot dogs. And and um now it said only 30% chance of rain when I looked earlier and that was going to be in the morning time. Um, but we don't know. So, if it is if it is raining, then we've got us a fellowship, Paul, that we can we can go and enjoy. Uh, but we it is nice. If it's not raining, it if the rain is over, it'd be nice to get out and enjoy oursel at the lake and and have a good time and um let the kids run around and and so we'll play it by ear, but um uh we're looking forward to that. Then this next Sunday now we're going to we're going to be dismissed uh from here. No no no service here this next Sunday. We're going to be at brother Bryce's uh there in Claremore. And uh brother Daryl Ward and brother Craig Ber are going to be ministering and both of those guys are such incredible ministers. Uh you will enjoy you will enjoy both of them tremendously. So, uh, we just, uh, encourage every one of you that can make make the trip. If you need help, uh, with with, um, gas money or whatever you would need, just let me know and and we'll see what we can do to help you there. And, um, so I think it'll be a wonderful time. Hey, when we have meetings like this where good preachers coming in close to our area, I I just I just encourage those who can come because u sometimes we can't afford to get get those good preachers in all well I say good preachers I mean just you know cream of the crop Craig Ber's cream of the crop Daryl Ward's cream of the crop and uh uh so you know I'd encourage y'all to to uh to do that Um, all right. I think I think that's all the announcements that we that we have. And um, Amen. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Amen. Amen. Yes. We want to make God our everything. Make him our everything. He's got to be the center. We got to love him more than we like. husband, wife, son or daughter. We've got to love him more than we love jobs, friends, anything. We've got to love the Lord. Amen. And give him our everything. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Why don't we go to the Lord in prayer? Father, we want to thank you for your word tonight. Thank you for laying the the burden on our brother Harry's heart, Lord, to bring this word to us. And I pray Lord that you would bless him and bless his family, strengthen him, Lord. And we thank you for answering prayer. And Lord, for giving him that job. And oh Lord, we just so thankful. We're so excited. And Lord, as I I I I thought Lord, he turned down the one job. And then it was as if Lord, you were testing him. And your prophet said that God that you love to test your people. And before the promise, there's always a test. Father, we thank you for keeping your word. And Lord, we thank you for meeting Brother Harry's needs. And just ask that you would you would be with him, Lord, in all of the process. Lord, give him favor among all of this, those that he's going to be working with. Father, just ask, Lord, that you would cause him to to excel, Lord, and we'll give you glory and honor, Lord. We just ask that you would help us all to put you first. Pray, Lord, that you would bless all of your faithful people. Thank you for touching my wife, Lord, and making her whole. Lord, in this season of our life, Father, I thank you, Lord, for being with every other every one of the believers here, whether they're here or whe they're home. Just ask that you would be with them and strengthen them. Father, we love you, Lord. Be with us tomorrow, Lord. Be nice if that rain held off. We could have a wonderful day tomorrow, Lord. We leave that in your hands, but we look forward to the fellowship. So thankful to belong to you in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Be in his will in every way to be lost in your presence, found in your likeness. to hear you say, "Well done." Oh, isn't he just wonderful, Maya? It's good to see you. Been missing you around here, brother Andrew. Good to see you. And uh just growing right up on us. And and Amen. We want to always keep keep these two these two youngans in our prayer. Amen. And um we sure we sure do love y'all. Praise the Lord. Hear him say, "Well done." God bless you. You can dismiss yourself tonight. Love all of y'all. Oh yes. I just want to please the Lord. [Music] be in his will in every way. To be lost, in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday." Oh, I just want to please the [Music] Lord be at his way.
