################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - 2025-04-20 Bro Wendall Martin "The Ascension Of Christ" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   2025-04-20 Bro Wendall Martin "The Ascension Of Christ"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmY8jM3rBP8
========================================

I was not for the cause of Christ. I have spent my days who I am. But as I've come to see the weaker side of [Music] me, I realize his grace is [Music] what I'm going to let you go. I'm not going to let [Music] you [Music] s face my heart away. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. For God, that he sent his son to save us. He built a bridge to set us free. But deep within our hearts there is still war that [Music] rages the light of hope seemed oh so far as evil trying. But mercy said no. I'm not going to let you go. I will never let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid. Mercy said no. will never take control and death to darkness tried to steal my heart away. [Music] God so loved the world that he sent his son to save us. He built a bridge to set us freeice so hard to see. But [Music] crucify, I'm not going to let you go. I will never let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid cuz mercy said no. will never take control. Life and death face to face and darkness tried to steal my heart away. But thank you Jesus. Mercy said [Music] no. Oh thank you Jesus. Mercy said no. I love you. What calary? [Music] said, "I love you. I love you. I love [Music] you." Shall I love Love you. I love you. What [Music] calary? I love you. Because of you, [Music] I written [Music] in who knew no sin that we might become. his rightousness. He humbled himself, carry the cross. Love so amazing. Love so amazing. [Music] and Jesus [Music] Messiah. Yes Lord name above all names. Blessed [Music] redeemer [Music] Immanuel. Oh the rescue for sinners, the ransom from heaven. Yes Lord. Oh Jesus, [Music] Messiah, Lord of all. His body the [Music] bread. His body the bread. His blood the wine. Broke it and poured out all for love. Oh my. The whole earth trembled and the veil was [Music] to love so [Music] amazing. Yes, it was. Oh, love so amazing. Jesus Messiah. Jesus Messiah. [Music] Thank you Lord. Oh name above all names. Blessed [Music] redeemer. [Music] Emmanuel. Thank you Lord. You're the rescue for sinners. [Music] The ransom from [Music] heaven. Jesus [Music] Messiah, Lord of all. My hope, all my hope is in you. All my hope is in [Music] you. All the glory to you, God, the light of the world. Can you lift a hand and sing it now? Jesus, [Music] Messiah, name above all names. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Blessed [Music] redeemer [Music] Immanuel. Oh the resue for sin. Yes, he was. Oh, the ransom from [Music] heaven. Jesus, Messiah, Lord of all. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praisees. I'm so glad you're in my [Music] life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My debt to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. One more time. And Lord, I lift your name on high. Yes, Lord. And Lord, I love receive your [Music] praisees. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save. You came from heaven. You came from a heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My debt to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I live. You came from heaven to earth. You came. You came from heaven to show. Yes, Lord. From the earth to the cross. From the [Music] cross. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Can you give him a hand clap of praise tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Like to go to prayer here tonight if we may and ask brother Mike if you would mind coming and and leading us here this morning. We do have a request from brother Mike King. Says Denise, sister Denise is not feeling well. She's running a fever. So let's remember her. And how's brother John feeling tonight? Is he still rec recouping. Let's remember brother John and all the ones that ain't with us here tonight, brother Mitch, Sister Titha, anyone else that's not here. Let's remember them in our prayers. And if you have a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you. Now, let's all bow our heads if we could. Father, we so thank you, Lord, for your blessings on us, God. Allowing us to come together one more time. Lord, you heard these requests, these needs, Father. Lord, we all got needs. We need you, Lord. God, I pray that you come in amongst us in a special way. We feel the presence already, Lord. Pray that every song we'd sing, Lord, would give you glory, give you the praise, Father, when the man of God comes, Lord, give us an ear to hear, heart to receive the word, Lord. Let me more than just a sermon, Lord. More more than just a service, Lord. This is your service, Lord. I pray you'll touch every need, every heart, and every request in this place. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. To live live a life. He came to be the living word, our light. He came to die. So we be reconciled. He came to rise to show his power in mind. That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. Lord, that's why we offer him our every name. That's why we bow down and worship our king. Cuz he gave his head. Cuz he gave his head. Verse two. Now he came to live live again in us. He came to be our concrete king. He came to heal and show the lost ones with love. He came to go. Thank you, Lord. Prepare a place for us. That's why. That's why. Oh, that's why we offer him our everything. That's why we bow down and worship our king because he gave his. Is there another verse today? Sing it now as our three sisters come. His name. Oh, and that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. Well, that's why we offer him our everything. That's why we bow down and worship his king. Cuz he gave his name. because he gave his [Music] head. Hallelujah. Is that why you praise him tonight? Is that why you give your all because he gave his everything? Amen. God bless you. Now we're putting them on the spot, but I just love this song. Lord, bless him. Darkness filled the sky the day in the bitter cross. They took his body down and laid in a tomb. His friends believe that everything was the darkness turned to light. For Mary heard her name and saw the living Christ ris to set the captives free. Oh, he's [Music] ris to ransom you and me, to bind up every broken heart, to conquer death and sin. Ris to bring us home again. [Music] The world forever changed. For hope was born when Jesus rose that day. [Music] and still his wounded heads. Reveal the love he had for every fallen soul he came to save. [Music] And he will come again. And one by one we'll rise to praise his holy name and see the living Christ. Ris to set the captives free. Oh, he is ris to vansom you and me to bind up every broken heart to conquer death and sing. Ris to bring us home again. [Music] And in that barren place, the world forever changed. For hope was born when Jesus rose that day. And still his wounded hands. Reveal the love he has for every fallen soul he came to save. Then he will come again and one by one we'll rise to praise his holy name and sing the living Christ. Ris to set the captives free. Oh, he is ris to ransom you and me to bind up every broken heart to conquer death and sin. Ris to bring us all again. [Music] and sing this. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. [Music] Oh, that my Jesus set me free. Oh, now I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. If you're free, turn around and tell someone about it. Well, now I'm on my way to heaven. And I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. [Music] Well, Satan had me bound. Did my Jesus set me free? Oh, now Satan had me bound. Then Jesus set me free. Oh, now Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Can we try the next one if there is another one? I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad that my Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, Jesus lifted me. Well, now I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that my Jesus. Oh, now I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus, one more time. Well, I was on my way to heaven and I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. Singing glory, hallelujah. Singing glory, hallelujah. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh Jesus, set me [Music] free. You thought I was worth saving, so you came and changed my life. You thought I was worth keeping, so you cleaned me up inside. You thought I was to die for. So you sacrificed your life so I can be free. I can be whole. Can we go up a key? Everyone I know. You thought I was worth saving. So you came and changed my life. You thought I was worth keeping. Thank you, Lord. So you clean me up inside. You thought I was to die [Music] for. So you sacrificed your life so I can be free. So I can be whole. Do we know that next part? Everyone I know. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Glory to the God who changed my life. I will praise you. I'll worship you. I'll give you glory because I am free because I am whole. Singing now as the kid choir comes. You thought I was worth saving, but I was worth saving. [Music] You came and changed my life. You thought I was worth keeping. All you young ones on the front row, come on up inside. You thought I was to die for. So you sacrificed your life so I can be free. I can be whole. So I can tell. Sing it again now. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Glory to the God who changed my life. And I will praise you. I worship you. Give you glory because I am free. Because I am hope. I will tell everyone I know. You thought I was worth saving. So you came and changed my life. You thought I was worth keeping. So you cleaned me up inside. You thought I was to die for. You sacrificed your life. I can be free. I can be whole so I can tell everyone I know. How about it tonight? So glad he thought I was worth saving. Amen. They didn't get a chance to practice, so we're putting them on the spot. God bless you. You may be seated. [Music] stars. Morning [Music] sun. His body on the cross. His blood poured out for us. [Music] [Music] The morning sun was the [Music] fall. His body on the cross. His blood poured out for us. the weight of every curse upon him. One final breath he gave as heaven looked away. The son of God was laid in [Music] darkness. A battle in the grave. War on death was raised. The power of hail from bread brokeen. The ground began to shake. The stone was rolled away. His perfect love could not be over. How death, where is your seat? Our resurrected king has rendered you [Music] defeated forever. He is glorified forever. He is high forever. Ever he is [Music] ris the ground began to shake. His stone was rolled away. His perfect love can be overcome. [Music] Now death where is your resurrected king has rendered you defeat forever he is glorified forever he is high forever Ever he is [Music] rising single [Music] We singlelu. We sing hallelu. We sing hallelu. There was overcome. We sing hallelu. We sing hallelu. We sing halleluah over hallelu. We sing hallelu. We sing hallelujah. Whoever is overcome forever he is glorified. Forever he is lifted high. forever. He is he is alive. He is [Music] alive forever. He is glorified forever. He is lifted high forever. He is [Music] ris. He is alive. [Music] [Music] I exalt thee and I exalt thee, oh Lord. Sing it as the man of God comes. I exalt thee. Yes, Lord. I exalt thee. Oh, I [Music] exalt thee, oh Lord. One more time now. And I exalt thee. [Music] and I exalt thee. And I exalt [Music] thee, oh [Music] Lord, and I exalt thee. [Music] Exalt [Music] me. Praise the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. He is exalted. He's worthy to be exalted. Amen. And I What can we say about that special from those kids, the children? Amen. Wow. That was wonderful. And then those sisters. Amen. I tell you, um, both of those songs were just phenomenal. And I know the Lord was pleased. And I tell you, just feeling the presence of the Lord in in those in those songs were just wonderful, wasn't it? Amen. Wow. That's just that's just wonderful. I I wanted to come out here and just start rejoicing. Praise the Lord. And um so we're we're glad to be back in the house of the Lord tonight. Good to good to see everyone that has come back and looking forward to uh what God has in store for us this evening. We're going to um look here in the book of Hebrews, the first chapter. And um we we don't want to keep you as long as we did this morning. Um but I am glad for Easter. Aren't you glad for Easter and what Easter represents to uh to each of us? Praise the Lord. And um want to say that we really enjoyed lunch today. And uh my that was that was just wonderful. And uh we're so blessed to have lunch as much as we do around here. And uh we we just say God richly bless you you sisters. Praise the Lord. Um I am we want to read here in Hebrews 1 and one. It says God who at sunundry times and in diverse manners spake in times past unto your fathers by the prophets and hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son whom he hath appointed heir of all things. Now this is so important because Jesus the man has been exalted. God has always been exalted. God has always been God. But the Jesus is the first of the human race to be exalted and to be appointed heir of all things. What Christ done as a man to to uh give us our inheritance is a wonderful thing. Whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds. who being the brightness of his glory in the express image of his person, upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had purged him uh him when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you today for your many blessings you have given us. And we thank you today, Lord, for uh what this what this day represents and what it meant to us, Lord, for all of of your your elect. And Father, we thank you for that first Easter morning. And we thank you for the life of God today. We thank you for what it means. And I pray, Lord, tonight that you would just be with us as we lift your name. that you would anoint me, Lord, to say only as you would want me to say, Lord. I pray, Lord, that you would you would just be pleased that in everything that is done and said tonight, in Jesus name we pray. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I I want to minister here this evening just a on a short text the ascension of Christ and his bride. Amen. The ascension of Christ and his bride. Now remembering from this morning the purpose of man Amen was fellowship and authority. God gave, he created man in his own image so that he could have fellowship with that man. He couldn't have God couldn't have fellowship with with any other creature. God couldn't have fellowship with with uh the animal life, the plant life. He couldn't have fellowship with the planets. God created man in his image so that he could fellowship with him and that he could share his authority with. Now I I I I I want us to really catch that. Amen. Christianity is redemption. Amen. Fellowship so that God can share his authority with us. Now, amen. I if we then of course the fall, Amen. the fellowship was broken. The authority was lost. Now, when we when we look there at Calvary and what Calvary meant to us, amen, brother Brandham would put it this way in the mighty God unveiled in ' 64. He said, "The real genuine lamb of God hanging in plain view on Calvary, the real mercy seat." when God had paid the price himself became one of us and had manifested himself as a man to get acquainted with us and ma that we to be acquainted with him. So the the reason for for this to take place again was for God to get acquainted with us and we get acquainted with him. God had to come down in a body in order to pay the price of redemption with the thought in mind with the full intention of mind for fellowship and dominion. So we would be restored back to that position that Adam was as a man. Now, God created man in a body because God had a plan for Adam here on this earth. And I want to say God's still got a plan for you here on this earth. And if we get our thoughts on heaven and and the great by and by and the power and the great by and by and the glory and the great buy and buy, Amen. then what are we fulfilling? And what purpose are we fulfilling here? We've got a purpose for being here right now. We've got a purpose for that. And so God came, God created Adam. Amen. So that the invisible God would have a body to live in. And Adam had the authority. Adam could he could he could travel with the speed of thought. Adam could speak to the trees to move. Amen. A tree to be moved over. He could speak to the winds. Adam could speak to the lions. He could Adam had control. The authority was with him. Amen. Adam while on earth ruled from the heavens. Adam while on earth ruled in a heavenly realm. He didn't rule from his mind. He didn't rule from his five senses. He ruled through that supernatural sense of faith. And that's what made man so powerful. But it was when the sin came, the soul was shut up to faith. And now he is just as weak as any as as any of the other creatures. And he's now subject to the law of sin and death. But when Christ came, as we just read, Amen. he hath been appointed heir again of all things. A man has been appointed heir once more to all things and he is sitting down. Well, I I I that just makes me want to shout. When he had conquered and ascended and sat down. Now, if you you know, we read this this morning, so I'm going to read it to you again. Hebrews 10:12, but this man, it didn't say this God, it said this man after he had offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand of God, from henceforth, expecting till his enemies be made his foottool. For by one offering, somebody say one offering, he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. Whereof the Holy Ghost also was a witness to us. For after that he said before, this is the covenant I will make with them after those days I will put my laws into their hearts and in their minds will I write them. Amen. So, so now I I I I I want you to understand Christ the man is seated in the heavenly places. That position means everything to you that are still here on this earth. There is a man who is there in the heavens that is heir of all things. Well, that should make you want to shout. You see now what does what are you trying to say? You keep talking about this man. Amen. Because that man is the is the head of the human race. Amen. That man is now representing you like Adam represented you and sold you out. Adam sold you out. Adam because of some lust. Amen. uh uh uh for for for uh you know after the fruit and and and his desires and he went after it and he says to heck with the race. Amen. I'm going after my wife. Followed his wife. Now that's just that's just Amen. That's paraphrasing there. He when he ptook of the through disobedience he ptook of that fruit that was forbidden. He sowed every one of you out. You didn't eat of that tree, but you were born because of that tree. You are sinful because of that tree. Your your grandma dies because of that tree. Your grandpa, you're going to die if the Lord dares if because of that tree. One man represented you. Oh, glory to God. But then God had another man of his race and he is representing you tonight. Amen. And he is representing glory. He is representing heaven. He is representing authority. He is the heir. Adam lost it. Adam was once heir of all things. Adam was he had the authority. Adam lost it. But the second man Adam has now the possession of all things. And through his blood, he has brought you back into those heavenly places. You say, "Well, when I get to heaven, I'll have authority." A Adam wasn't in heaven when he had authority. He was in this on this earth when he had authority. And God has given you authority while here on this earth. That's why uh Ephesians 1 uh 16, Sister Cle, would you put that up there? Amen. I don't have it here, but I think it's 11:16, 11:17. That's why the Apostle Paul, Ephesians uh 1:70, he says, "I cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers, that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation and the knowledge of him." I want you to catch. I want you to understand. I I'm praying with all that I've got that God will give you wisdom and revelation of this understanding. Amen. The next verse he says uh uh 18th verse, praise the Lord, that the eyes of your understanding being enlightened that you may know what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints. And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to usward who believe according to the working of his mighty power which he wrought in Christ when he raised him from the dead and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places. For our above all principality and power and might and dominion and every name that is named not only in this world but also in the world to come. and hath put all things, somebody say all things. Under his feet, this man, this heir, his feet, and gave him to be the head over the church. Adam was once the head and he sold us out, but Christ has been exalted as the head and he's brought us back in. Amen. You say now, "Well, the resurrection is wonderful." Brother Brandham would say, "Amen." Brother Brandham would say this, he he would say, "Amen. If if I can if I can find it here." Amen. He says, "His precious soul descended into hell where I ought to have went." But on the third day, Samson taking now, he says, "Now Samson taking the gate of the city on his back had nothing to do with this. He took the gates of hell, the gates of the grave, and everything else. He didn't pack it up on a mountain, but he destroyed it. Hallelujah. Possessed the gate of the enemy, the atmospheres that was filled with the devil's power above and the angels or or thing could come down. He says there could be uh there could not be no intercession because the blood of goats would not take away sin but his own blood took away sin and he ascended on high led captive captive and he gave gifts unto men. Now he says now he says his earthly work was finished at the resurrection. He proved everything that he said but now he's got another work to do that the world knows little about. That's right. The next work is his ascension. So he says it's good thing for him to come and and and and to be resurrected and his disciples to see him. Amen. And everyone to know that this indeed was the one that God had had accepted a as as the atoning sacrifice for man. But he says he could not just sit there. Amen. on uh on a rock somewhere and say, "My work is finished." Because we needed a man that could go back into those heavenly realms to represent the fallen race. Well, praise the Lord. Did you know you have a man? You have a man in heaven that is representing you. You have a man in heaven that knows all about your sins, knows all about your sickness, knows all about your troubles, knows all about depression, knows all about headaches, knows all about Amen. uh being tempted of the devil. There is a man who is heir of all things, who has been tempted just like you are. And he's been in the heavens. Well, that you should shout hallelujah. He says, "Now his next work is his ascension." We want to speak on that for a moment. Now, he after he's risen from the dead, after he's already here on the earth, proven himself alive by infallible proofs that that he's doing the same thing that he did here uh when he was here in flesh. Here he is walking, breaking bread, eating with them. Now, the ascension comes, the time comes. Did you ever know the Bible said that he ascended up so far above every through every heaven? The earth belonged to the devil. Through the fall, this earth was given to the devil. Every kingdom of this world is governed by the devil. We hate to think that, but the but the Bible says it is. That's the reason we have wars and shooting and fighting and trouble is because the kingdoms of this world is the kingdoms of the devil. The Bible said so. And in the great millennium which is to come, the Bible said, "Rejoice all ye heavens and you holy prophets of the earth. For the kingdoms of this earth have become the kingdoms of our Lord, and he shall rule and reign forever." Now, now they will become, see, we'll have no more war. Then when he comes, no more sickness, no more trouble. But now notice, there is little said folk about this ascension. If it's one of those one of the greatest days when he ascended up cause all over the earth since the days in the garden of Eden that sin was committed the heavens was shut off from mankind. Satan is the prince of the power of the air. That's right. Why art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer? No man could see into glory. No man could understand because the power is just above us. Heaven means atmosphere above. Then all of these powers was shut off from mankind because of sin. But when he died and had rose, come up, the Bible said, "No one has ascended up but he that had came down first." When he was in heaven, he was the logos that went out of God in the beginning. And he come down on earth and was not uh to be made an angel. He came down on the earth and took the form of a bondsman. not of an angel. Not not come down in the great Jehovah glory. He came down as a man to redeem man to die for man to die as a man. He never died as God. He died as a man. The sin of man was upon the son of man. And he had to become a man in order to pay the penalty. Well, doesn't that just make you want to rejoice? What's the purpose? Now, catch this because I love the way brother Brandham brings us out. There's a purpose. He's wanting to take you back into heavenly places. Did you know the Apostle Paul says, "You are now seated in the same places that Adam was once seated in." Can you say, "Amen." Amen. He says, "What did he do?" Well, the Bible said he was he was made a little lower than the angels in order for death that he might take away and abolish sin and take away sickness from the world. And when he come down from the highest logos from God, he come down through the angels and come on down and made a man. And he said, "I'm not even a man. I'm a worm and no man." He was despised and rejected. I think the greatest scriptures that that's more neglected than any scripture that I know of being preached on is the ascension of the Lord Jesus. What he did after his resurrection, he did not sit down on the tomb after his resurrection because his work was not finished. It wasn't finished. And the ones at the grave the morning were forbidden to even touch him. But that night they were bidden to come and feel his hands. And he forbid his mother to touch him. I've not yet ascended into my father, my God, and yours. He had not. He would only be ready to to do his great priest work at that time. He had he had just been anointed. And when he was here on the earth, he lived a life, made himself lower than the angels in order to take away sin. Just think, that's who he was. He was the logos that came down from God in the beginning. He was the word of God. He was the angel of God that was with the children of Israel in the wilderness. He was the great supernatural of the heaven. None other than Jehovah himself. Came down here on the earth. Became a man. Not only a man but become the servant of man. Took upon himself uh and make of of no reputation but became a footwasher. Can you say amen? Says he went to the lowest in the city and the of the city of the world Jericho. so low till the smallest man in the city had to climb up in a tree to look down at him. And God has raised him up and given put him so high above every heaven until he has stooped over look at heaven. Now as we said we are seated with Christ in heavenly places. This is a a point of it's a representation. It's a representative. We have people we have we elect our congressmen in our in our congresses, our state our state house. Amen. To represent us. So they represent uh the districts here in Oklahoma. We have we have representatives from Oklahoma that represents us up there in Washington. Some of them are are scoundrels. Most probably are. Amen. And but and they're in they're in it for whatever money they can make and deals and things they can do. Amen. So Jesus, but they are representatives of us. So Jesus is a representative of God's elect. He's God's representative. He's representing you. That's why when you pray, you pray in Jesus name. That's why everything we do, we do in Jesus' name because he is our representative there. So when you come to God and you ask, you ask in his name. He is God's representative. He's the one that has fallen error. He's the one that paid the price. And he is your representation there in the heavens. Well, that should make you want to shout. And he is higher than death. He is higher than cancer. He is higher. So when we come to God and praying for the cancer to be healed in his name, there is one there is a human that knows what the feeling is like. They know what the He knows what the pain is like and he's there as an intercession. He is there as a representative for your prayer before God. There's a lot of guys that's representing us in our in our state and federal offices that know nothing about the little guy. They were born with a silver spoon in their mouth and they're there just making deals and they don't know anything about us poor dudes. But Christ come. Yeah, Christ come. Jesus has suffered. Jesus was a teenager. Jesus was those was one of those that knows where we're at. Can you say amen? Amen. He says, "And now he he was then had his own blood as a high priest and he went beyond the veils through every sphere. Satan in the times past had men blocked off from heaven. could not come in contact with heaven. But when Jesus took his blood, the first veil he rent was the veil of death and the veil of the grave and the veil of the temple and the veil of sickness and the veil of fear and every veil there was that and unveiled God to men. And he went way in above the heavens of heaven and was seated on the right hand of God and sat down as a finished work above all. And there he opened up a channel that God used to come down through the quarters of heaven to talk to mankind in the Garden of Eden. And Satan by sin had blocked it off. But now the great high priest with his anointing, with his blood, went through every veil ripped her open and cleared out the skies again that God and man could be father and son and commune again with one another. This ain't this this this is not just a figment of our imagination, friends. That's the reason why I say I I I'm always say if there's no life in your worship man then then maybe you've not come in contact with the living God. You come in contact with the living God. It's not a formal thing at all. You have you have come in contact the living God and you heaven and earth has embraced. You know him. He knows you. This resurrection has opened up the heavens. The impossibilities have become possible. If y'all want to if if that we might still have the heat on y'all if if if it needs to be the AC turned on. I see people fanning. But if if the I above it all, Jesus paid the price. come up to give us the redemption of his of his blood. Can you say amen? Amen. Well, praise the Lord. You see, what does this mean, brother Wendle? What what what does Well, you remember and I and I've given this I I I I I've talked about this in the in the times past. You remember when Jesus said, "Amen, there in John 14, I'm the way and I'm the life and I go to prepare a place for you." Now, now, Brother Brandham says, "Now, there's going to be there there's there there's there there's a real heaven over there, but he uses this scripture. I go to prepare a place for you that where I am, you can be also. I'm going to the throne and through me you're going now now you're still going to be here on this earth but you're going to be able to kneel down in prayer and break through all of those rims of the enemy that's trying to tell you you're unworthy trying to tell you you'll never be and God God can't save your children and God can't heal your body. You have a right to come and bow down before your knee. Those that base themselves shall be exalted. Can you say amen? Where I am, you may be also. I'm clearing away through the heavens through my blood. I am seated physically in those heavens representing you. Oh, won't you put that in your pipe and smoke it, devil? I've got a representative in the heavens that's representing me. You as a believer should expect the same thing. Why? Why did Jesus says, "If you can believe it, if you can believe it, you can say to this mountain, be removed and cast into the sea." Well, praise the Lord. Wow. Because with this ascension comes the restoration price paid. God honored the sacrifice by raising it up. He is now exalted as a human in the heavens. Oh, brother window. Can it be can can it can it be that that that we that that us humans we have to wait till we get to heaven that's not the way Jesus done it Jesus says I do nothing except my father first show me there was an open communication between him and God how how about how about the h how about Jesus you know when he was talking to the that the centurion they're there they're in compernium you know Jesus had controlled the winds and the waves and had the authority. Jesus was was speaking and and the men would look at him, the disciples would say, they marvel and said, "What manner of man is this?" For with words, his words have pack authority and power. He was in a boat. He was on a boat in the middle of a storm. He spoke the words and the winds obeyed. So much that the disciples said, "What manner of men is man is this that even the winds and the waves obey him?" Jesus had an authority that even the prince of the powers of the air that were trying to kill him that caused the waves, Jesus stood up and those demons had to stop. Well, I just want to shout Jesus going to the grave. a man of Lazarus. He wept like a man, but as God, he stood and said, "Lazarus, come forth." Wherever those wherever Lazarus was at, he was already four days gone. Well, the demons, death, the grave, all of them had to give them up. Give up. All of those devils had to give up Lazarus because a man in his position stood there. Amen. Under the commission of God. And those spirits in the heavenly places knew who that man was. Oh, that should Oh, glory to. Can you say amen? Blind saw, the deaf heard. Amen. the lame walk. What was it? God was in with was with him. Amen. Doing those good works. But now we find that there in and I'm not going to hold you too much longer tonight. So I want you to stay with me here. Amen. We find that when Jesus was was was come to Capernaum there in in Matthew 8 and5 when Jesus was entered into Capernium there came unto him a centurion beseeching him saying Lord my servant lith at home sick of the Pauly which is he's paralyzed and grieviously tormented and Jesus said unto him I will come and heal Huh? Wouldn't you just love to hear those words? I will come and heal him. But watch what the centurion says. The centurion answered and says, Lord, I'm not worthy that thou should come under my roof. But I've heard what happened to Lazarus. I've heard what happened to that storm on the sea. I've heard I've been watching you around here there that you have a control that is greater than anything around here. I'm a centurion. I'm a great man. I tell my servants to do whatever and they do it. I'm watching you and I'm saying you have an authority and devils have to listen to you. Oh, hallelujah. The citrians answered and said,"Lord, I'm not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof, but speak the word only, and my servant should be healed." In other words, I know who you are. Speak that word. If you can control the heavenly atmospheres, that means you're a God man. You are known in those heavenly atmospheres. There is no man that has ever been able to do that. I've been watching you and you can speak the word to my servant and those devils will have to let go of that servant and he will live. Oh, can you say amen? Amen. Why? Because he was not just a mortal man. He was a God man. And you have been restored back to those heavenly places in Christ Jesus. and the authority. Oh God, you have a representative in the heavens and authority has been given to you. The ninth verse now he just said, "Speak the word only. My servant will be healed." Then he says, "I'm a man under authority. I having soldiers under me. I say to this man, go and he goeth. To another, come." And he cometh. To my servant, do this. and he doeth it. And watch Jesus. Everyone else is looking for a natural conqueror. Everyone else wouldn't accept him for who he was. Everyone else couldn't see him. Are you hearing me? But this one identified him for who he was. And when Jesus heard it, he marveled and said unto them that followed, verily I say unto you, that I have not found so great faith, know not in Israel. I I I I want to say that the heavens that have always kept the sons of God down should be should should not be there anymore. You say, "Brother Wendle, if the heavens are open so that I can ascend, why does it why why why do I have such a hard time?" Well, we know the hole's been cut. The prophet said it has. We know that men have come. Had he right, had those words And it produced power and God gave her whatsoever she we know that something happened coming down to the prophet and he spoke squirrels into existence. The devil is bluffing his people, God's people. if he can bluff you. And the reason brother Brandham hits so hard against denominationalism because he says denominationalism is the very thing that is holding back the sons of God working and moving in the spirit. The Holy Spirit has been blocked by these denominational barriers. But in the last day, the message is to release it again. God back in human flesh. You know what that sounds to me like? Is there's going to be some sons that are not little children, but it's going to be sons who knows the devil's playbook. That means there's got to be a book that has been sealed up. And no one understood what was happening. And they thought God didn't love them. And they were and they were always in the Molly Grubs and and going through all of these and and thinking I I will, you know, I'm just the biggest flub up and I'm this and I'm that and and and and you know, when you're with that kind of a mentality, you ain't got faith to cast out a devil. When the devil's got you convinced that you're the sorryest daddy or the sorryest mama, when he's got you convinced that you're the worst the the the the worst member of new life. When he you're the worst, you're just the scum in the toe or something. You know, devil's got you thinking that's well You're not going to feel worthy to rise up and whoop a devil. Well, Brother Windle, I'm not worthy. Brother Windle, you don't have you forgot that the risen one, the whole reason that he was risen was because his sacrifice was found acceptable on your account. He didn't die for himself. His sacrifice was for you and your blemishes and your weaknesses and your failures. God has removed your sins as far as the east is from the west so that you can rise. And it took the anointed one to come in this last day. The lamb, the one who gave his life in the first place is the one who come and took the book and handed it to a man. We don't like hearing that. We don't like hearing, "Oh, y'all just building up a man." The Bible says that he took the lamb, ripped the or took the book, ripped the seals off of that book and handed it to the last the seventh church age messenger. We talk about a lamb and you and we get all get everyone's all looking like a like this like this this this two-legged lamb is up there with all this wool all over his face and it's a man up there. It was a man that took the book. Jesus Christ, the lamb, not the high priest, the man took the book. Amen. Are are are you hearing me? What what I'm saying is not the eternal God. It was the lamb. It was the man. It was the God became man. It was the man who took the book from the hand of God and gave it to a man here on earth. [Music] Why? Why? Why today? Why? Why? Why not? Why not back in the fifth age? Why not back in the third age? Why today? Because this is the day of ascension. This is the day of rapture. Rapture wasn't promised for the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth age. It was promised for the evening time people. Hallelujah. So the resurrected Savior couldn't just stand there. He provided a way. Some men have found him. Glory to God. Well, the miracles we have seen through brother Brandham's ministry was not just that wasn't wasn't anything new. It happened. Some of those things happened in the day of Pentecost uh uh in in in in the New Testament. Amen. We Wigglesworth was anointed. Wigglesworth had visions. Wigglesworth had had had wonderful manifestations. Jack Cole, Brother Brandham talked about the the raw faith of Jack Cole. He talked about Tommy Osborne and a and the faith and the miracles that were transpire. Hallelujah. It would fall on men. But God says there's going to be a last day bride. And I'm not just rapturing one or two. I'm rapturing all of my bride. They're not there ain't going to be one come up into the heavens. There's not going to be maybe three coming up the heavens. I'm going to give them such an ascension. I'm going to give them supper rep such a representation. I'm going to give them this book so that they can know the powers and the tricks of the enemy. So that they can rise above it all. I'm going to rise rise above it all. I'm going to rise above depression. I'm going to rise above discouragement. I'm going to rise above religion. I'm going to rise above I am going to fellowship with Christ. Amen. Do you love him? With his blood, he went through every veil and ripped her open. cleared out the skies again that God and man could be father and son and could commune one with one another again. This is a marvelous thing. All the patriarchs in the Old Testament as they died for instance Stephen when they when they were stoning him the veils was was open to his precious eyes filled with blood. Amen. But he said as he knelt on the ground I see heaven opened up and Jesus standing on the right hand of the father of of God. Can you say amen? He says he conquered that grave, but that mess that was hanging over the earth. Yet with his own blood, vesture dipped in blood, he conquered those atmospheres above. He cut the fogs of hell from place to place until he cut a hole through the sky that Adam's lost children could pray through to victory. He conquered the atmospheres. He conquered sin. He conquered death. He conquered hell. He rose triumphantly. He's and on beyond the moon and stars. He went with the Old Testament saints. Oh, what a victorious march that must have been with the real conqueror. Amen. After a while, they come in the side of the glorious city and Abraham says to Sarah, "Come here, honey." And she gets Isaac and comes along. Amen. And Isaac gets Jacob. And Jacob gets Joseph. Then he says, "That's the city that daddy saw whose builder and maker is God. I walked about on the earth looking for a city to come whose builder and maker was God. And now I'm coming near the gates." Although the great men that they were, they could not conquer. It took it taken one to come down to do the conquering. Though Abraham conquered difficulties, Isaac and Jacob and Joseph, there was only one who could conquer sin and that was him, the Lord Jesus Christ. And as they come into the lights from inside the city and the great pearly gates are shining, the Jesus in the forefront marching on and the angels begin to ascend to the top of the buildings and and they look coming. The Old Testament saints cried out, "Open up ye everlasting gates. Be ye open. Let the king of glory come in, the mighty conqueror." And the angels screamed back and said, "Who is this king of glory?" And the Old Testament Satan's cried out, "The Lord of Hosts mighty in battle." And the gates come open and he placed at the gate the old rugged cross that every man or woman ever comes into that gate will have to bow before that cross and recognize him as the mighty conqueror. As the angels 10,000 times, 10 thousands of thousands screamed and shouted and praised the Lord as this great mighty warrior. He led the captivity captive and he gave gifts unto man. Not the ark of triumph like Hitler, but in the rims of glory. Oh, that was the Old Testament rapture, but we've got a New Testament rapture that's fixing to take place. Are you ready for this ascension? I'm ready. when he ascended, all those Old Testament saints ascended with him. And today, the Holy Spirit's not going to be here on earth too much longer. It's going to be lifted. And when he is taken out of the way, you're going with him. I'm going to rise if the musicians would come. Rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Rise above it all. Going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. I'm going to rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above. I've got a representative. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. Going to rise. Yes, I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Rise. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Rise above it all. Going to spread my wings and fly away. Yes. Rise. Yes. I'm going to [Music] rise. Going to rise. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Rise above it all. Going to spread my wings and fly with. Oh, you've got a representative there. The fullness of the God is back into the church. Hallelujah. Brother Brenham would say there in the seed shall not be heir with the shock 65. He says and when God began to brood over that earth after the fall he brought up an Enoch. He brought up an Elijah. He brought up a Moses. He brought up prophet after prophet trying to restore that image again. And finally upon the earth come the genuine image of God himself which was God the logos made flesh and dwelt among us. And watch what he says now. That same logos has a part. He's got a bride. And the same logos, this word cannot be tampered with, is brooding over the churches today, trying to bring the word back to its fullness, the full manifestation. And I want to say amen to that word. Hallelujah. I've got a representative. He's seated in heavenly places and I'm seated in heavenly places because I've got a representative there. I've got representation. God doesn't see God doesn't see my imperfections. I'm perfect because the lamb paid the penalty and his spirit is now representing me. And now when God, he might hear my voice, but he sees the blood. Well, glory to God. The prophet says when when you ask anything, it's just like Jesus asking it. When you ask anything in his name, it's just as Jesus himself. I'm telling you, he's got you covered. He's got you covered here this this evening. Can you say amen? Aren't you glad for that tonight? Hallelujah. Oh, the gloom. Why the gloom? Why? Why allow the the the the things to to rule in our mind and our in in our in our families and and and then the situations around us? Why do we do it? Why do we allow that? You're not You're not a beggar. You're not a slave. You're not a servant. You're a son and daughter. Your prayer. I'm not saying we got somebody that feels sorry for you, but good grief. They've got those guys in the nursing home. Amen. You feeling sorry for those people and helping them out here and there. But that ain't what God's got. You've got a representation there. You've got one in the heavens that is standing there that is representing you in all of his majesty and all of his [Music] glory. He's your He's your representation here this morning or this evening. He's your representation. It's his glory that is upon that that that is there before the father. God sees no sin in him. God sees no wrong in him. God sees no blemish in Christ. He sees nothing. He sees nothing but purity and righteousness and holiness. He sees a king. He sees one who has prevailed and done what no other man could ever do. When God looks at Jesus, he sees And when God looks at you, all he sees is Jesus. He's your representation. When God looks at you, he sees [Music] Jesus. So don't be praying your gloom. Be praying in the name of Jesus. [Music] You can't come in depression in the name of Jesus because Jesus is a conqueror. You can't pray as a loser in the name of Jesus because Jesus is a conqueror. You can't Well, come on church. You got to stand up and say, "I am the one that he went to the heavens for. He's paid the price for me." Hallelujah. Glory to God. Going to rise. Rise above it all. Going to set my wings and fly away. Going to rise. Oh, I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Rise above. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Rise above it all. [Music] Hey, what about our brother Ron [Music] Spencer? Have those three tumors? Totally looked impossible. He was told he had he was told he had cancer in both eyes. He had four or five specialists that had all told him that he had cancer. They were already planning to take the eyes out. He went to the doctor. Hallelujah. And when he walked into the room, the doctor looked at him and said, "There's nothing there." He says, "Come back in six months." Then he walks out. He looks at his wife and he looks she looks at him and he gets the nurse and he says, "Bring him back in here." He just acted so nonchalant about the whole thing and he says, "You told me and your staff and this all these specialists before has been telling me to prepare. I've got cancer in both eyes. I've got tumors in my head. and to prepare to have my the reason I'm coming today is you were wanting to look at him again and see what how when you were going to be able to do it. The guy sat down and laughed. He says, "All I can tell you is there's those reports and here's these reports and there is zero cancer. Now, that's been that's been a few months ago, but he's still been having those seizures on a daily basis. I mean, he has he has 14 15 of them at a time. I've been with him when he when you know when he is on the ground holding the stool, hugging the stool and just vomiting. This is a daily routine for brother Ron Spencer. It's been five years he's been going through this with these tumors in his head. Amen. Five years. Five years ago, they gave him four months and he would be dead. The doctors have been using him. They've been using him as as as a as the poster boy saying listen telling the other P he he has talked he has talked to scores of other patients telling them to keep on fighting keep on believing that God can do it matter of fact there are he's got he's got so many cancer patients that listen to him every every Saturday I believe it's Saturday night when he preaches over there he's got cancer patients all over the world that tunes in and listens to him because he's the miracle boy. Guys, just last week, just last week, he went back in and had those scans done. He's had dozens, dozens of scans on that brain. And every tumor was gone. What is it? It is a fight. It is a struggle. But don't gut it. Stand up to your position and tell that devil he's a liar. Damn that devil. You're not listening to his junk anymore. I've been redeemed. I'm a son of God and I can expect the supernatural. You can expect it. We should all expect it. Amen. The thing is we got to stand up to him. You say, "Oh, it's real." No, those are just those are those are just mirages. The devil you say, "Well, I'm feeling it." It's a mirage. Your soul knows who you are. And let the soul live for crying out loud. Let the soul believe. Quit listening to all your stupid symptoms. Quit listening to all of these other things going on. Stand up like a daughter of God. Stand up like a son of God. and take your rights. We're fixing to pray for Aunt Angie here. Amen. She's she's got some hernas and we're just believing the Lord to take care of an Angie. You believe the anointing is here to do so. Hallelujah. And it's not it's not anything in my hands. It's in it's in the believers knowing who they are. It's the position that we have been exalted to those who would want to gather around with Aunt Angie and pray with her. Amen. You're welcome to come up and and and lay hands on her. Amen. Let's believe the Lord. The Lord's our healer. Amen. She's also been having that stomach trouble. just don't know if that's associated with it. But amen, the Lord knows all about those things. He's the great high priest. He's been there. He knows. It's a man. Christ Jesus, the man has paid the price. He knows what it's like. He suffered death and sickness for us, but he's raised. Father, Lord Jesus, you see you here, Lord. And that old devil would like to take away the joy of Lord her golden years and make her sickly. And Lord, but God, she's already lived her life, Lord, through her young life working and providing for her children. And Lord, we want to see her enjoy her life until you come. And I'm asking God that you would you would hear Jesus the conqueror. He's already there representing us. It's his blood that has been shed for our sickness and our healing. And I'm asking God that you would bring that healing to her body and manifest it in the name of Jesus. Ask him that you would touch that stomach, that you would heal those hernas, that your blessings would come down upon her. Lord, Satan, you're a liar. We're not walking by symptoms. We're walking by the supernatural. We're looking to you, Father. We thank you. We come through our representative, the one that you have exalted in your throne, the one that you have made heir of all things. We ask it in his name for he's paid for it in the name of Jesus. I thank you for it Lord in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh victory. Total victory in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. It's who we are. It's what we are. Fellowship has been restored. Authority has been restored. We come in Jesus name. Hallelujah. We believe it. How many believes it here tonight? Hallelujah. He didn't ask if you if you feel it. He didn't ask if you see it. He said, "Do you believe it?" And we believe it. We believe it. We've been invited into this. This is what God came to earth as a man for to bring us back to this privilege. Can you say amen? Amen. Anyone else want to be prayed for while we've got us all gathered here tonight? Hallelujah. Amen. He loves his people. Right on over here. Hallelujah. The devil has has love to torment brother in his mind and that diabetes is is just fluctuates and causes his body to feel so bad. God's a healer of diabetes. God's also the one that can has the authority to drive those tormenting devils away. Father, this is your son and I've seen you, Lord. I've seen the work that you have done. And brother Joe, Lord, he's he's had to come through the muck. He's like that little little lily in the pond. He's had to come through a lot of scum, but here he is, Lord. And Father, those devils would like to torment him and and and and and try to play with his mind and tell him things and make him feel ways, Lord. and Lord tried to is tacking his body here but Lord you're our representative not that devil God I'm asking that you would hear the prayer of my brother in the name of Jesus who is representing us there in the heavens and I'm asking God that you would drive those spirits drive those devils drive that diabetes away from him and give Give him freedom in his mind, Father. Give him freedom in his blood. Give him freedom in his body. Father, we thank you for it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Oh, we've got a representative. Hallelujah. Sanders isn't your representative. Jesus is your representative. Your daddy done what he could. Mama's done what she could. But oh, we've got an eternal representative. Brother Joe goes way on beyond all the complexes of family ties and bonds. Oh, it's one that is greater. It's the great family bond through Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you love him? Amen. Come on up here, baby. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We all know brother Matt Matt Wheeler, sister Brittany, the children where we love them so much around here. They're struggling. They need God as a family. They need God in the marriage. They need God in their souls. God knows how to go after our waywards and bring them back home. And we believe Brother Matt is a son of God. And we we know Sister Britney is a son of God or a daughter of God. We know those children are sons and daughters, but it's God. Amen. Father, Lord, as we come before this mighty throne of yours, that representative that is I'm asking God. [Music] We're all happy. [Music] [Music] destroy. Fatherless. Holy Spirit. Heat. Heat. stand there. We belong in those in that throne room. We belong there, friends. Hallelujah. any of our sons and daughters. Lord, let's just all let's just let's all take each other's hands or put your hand on a shoulder or whatever. We've got we've got some there's there's some sons and daughters that family members that that that are that are that aren't serving the Lord. Father, we send the Holy Spirit after them. The devil's taking them, Lord, having a heyday with them. addicting them, Lord, to sin. But Lord, we ask that you would send your Holy Spirit after them, Lord. Let your love draw them back to the fold. Lord, I know that you understand their confusion. You understand their volability, Lord. You You understand the frailty. That's why you came and I send your spirit after them. Lord, we thank you for saving every daughter, every son. We thank you Lord for saving the grandchildren. We thank you Lord for saving brother and sister, mom and dad, whoever it is. Lord, we just send your Holy Spirit. This is the day of ascension. This is the day of rapture. Satan, loosen your holds from God's property. Confusion and fear and torment cannot hold them any longer. Rebellion can't stand in front of God. I ask Lord that your blood would cover them and bring them back home tonight. Hear the prayers of your children, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus. I thank you for healing. I thank you for moving. I thank you for quietening every spirit. I thank you for causing Lord such a confidence to fall over this congregation. Not a false confidence, a confidence in our lamb, our representative. He's got confidence in you. Oh, when he says anything that we ask in his name, you would give it. And we thank you for it, Father. In the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Worthy of it all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. One more time. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. Yeah. Yes. Yes. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. Worthy. Worthy. You're worthy of it all. Oh, I love you, Jesus. For you are all to you are all you deserve. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Do you love him here today? Aren't you glad that God has given you a song to sing? Not a song of not a song of gloom, but a song of confidence. But I can fulfill my purpose because the heavens have been opened up. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy, worthy, worthy. You're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for [Music] you to you are. You deserve the [Music] glory. Oh Jesus, worthy of it all. [Music] Hallelujah. You're worthy of it all. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, from you are all things to you are all things. You deserve and I love you. Yes, I love you. [Music] You're the only one, true lover of my [Music] soul. Oh yes, I love you. [Music] Yes, I love you. You're the only one true lover of my soul. Oh, can we sing it again? Praise the Lord. Oh, yes. I love you. I love you. Yes, I love you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're the only one true lover of my soul. Yes. Yes. Yes, Lord. Oh yes, I love you. Yes, I love [Music] you. You're the only one true lover of my soul. Let's just praise the Lord. Oh, [Music] praise the Lord. Let's just move our hearts toward heaven. and praise the Lord. Let's just pray. I praise the Lord, children. Praise the Lord. Let's just our hearts toward heaven. Praise the Lord. One more time now as we get ready to dismiss. And let's just praise. I praise the Lord. Pray. Yeah. Let's lead our hearts toward heaven and priest the mighty one. The heir of all things. Our great representative. The one who conquered death. The one who conquered hell. The one who conquered it all, conquered it for me, conquered it for you. Let's just lift our hearts toward heaven and praise the Lord. We love you, Lord Jesus. We thank you for the presence that we feel here tonight. Thank you for this great resurrection that you have made us a part of. We thank you Lord for bringing us into those heavenly places. You when David came into the palace so did the mighty men of David. You've taught us Lord warfare. You're teaching us to overcome someday, Lord. When all the kingdoms of this world become yours, we'll be right there in your kingdom with you. We rule and reign as kings. We'll come before you as priests. We thank you for it, Lord. taking humble, broken, marred and defiled human beings like us and bringing us into your world. We thank you for it, Lord. Take our hearts, take our minds. We give them all to you. Take everything, our desires, everything that we are, we hand them to you, Lord. Your will be done in our lives. In the name of Jesus, keep your hands upon brother Mike and sister Becky as they go back home. Lord, a long trip. I just pray that you'll keep your hands upon them. Protect them, Lord. Keep their vehicle, Lord. Renew them. Oh God, may they Lord, let your angels be in their home, in their family, in their church. Just pray that you'll bless their pastor, all of those who are laboring there in Amarillo. That your blessings be with them as we're all preparing for your coming. We thank you for it, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. God bless you now. Love every one of you. Man, so glad to belong to him. He conquered for me. I'm so glad I can say I'm with him. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. God bless you now. as we dis you dismiss in the fear of the Lord that you dismiss yourselves here tonight. Love every one of you. Oh, let's just [Music] praise the [Music] Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hearts toward heaven and praise the Lord. Let's just praise him. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hearts toward heaven. [Music]
