################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-16 - 2025-07-16 Bro Miguel Gonzalez "Recognizing His Presence" - Miguel Gonzalez - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-16
Title:   2025-07-16 Bro Miguel Gonzalez "Recognizing His Presence"
Speaker: Miguel Gonzalez
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENQC6f6gYLo
========================================

Blood caused a life that paid my way. Death it's pride. [Music] Down from the cross. [Music] My sins were gone. My sins were gone. There is a grave that tried to hide. This precious blood that gave me life. But in three days he breathed again and rose to stand. in my defense. And so I've come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he dries every tear that falls. And so I come that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood and it sides the blind. It heals the sick, the lonely fight. It has the power to free the bow. How chains they fall upon the ground. So pour it out to cleanse my soul and let it liquid glory flow because it lives to make me whole. I owe my life. My yo, my all. That's why I've come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he dries every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. [Music] What can wash away my sin? It's nothing but the blood. Oh, nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Sing. Nothing but the blood. Tell me what can wash away my sin. It's nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. There is a blood and it cost a life that paid my way death its price. And when it flowed down from that cross, my sins were gone. my sins for God. There is a grave that tried to hide this precious blood that gave me. But in three days he breathes again and rose to stand in my defense. That's why I've come to tell you here the lie. To tell you that he dries every tear that falls. And so I've come to tell you that he saves, to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. [Music] There is a blood and it sides the blind. It heals the sick. The lonely fight. It has the power to free the bound. chains they fall upon the ground. So pour it out to cleanse my soul. Just let it liquid gloryy flow because it lives to make me whole. I owe my life. I owe my all. And so I've come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he drives every tear that falls. And so I've come to tell you that he saves, to shout, and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. Let what can wash away my sin? It's nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. Tell me what can make me whole again. It's nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood of what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. So I've come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he drives every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. [Music] Oh, I was lost in shame. could not get past my blame till he called my name. I'm so glad he changed me. Darkness held me down. Jesus pulled me out. I'm no longer bound. I'm so glad he changed me. Beyond now a new creation in Christ. The old has gone. There's new life. I live by faith, not by sight. There is a name that's written down in glory and he's mine. mine. Yes, it's mine. And I've met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Sin had left me blind, but Jesus opened my eyes. I can see the light. I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See, it's all over me. I'm so glad he changed me. See, I'm now a new creation in Christ. The old has gone. There's new life. I live by faith, not by sight. [Music] There is a name that's written down in glory. Oh, and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. And I've met the author of my story. And he's mine. Yes, he's mine. There is a name. Oh, there is a name. That's How many can say it's mine tonight? Oh, it is mine. Yes, it's mine. And I've met the author of my story. And he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Oh, and I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. who I am because the I am. Sing it like that again now. Oh, I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. There is a name. I believe tonight it is mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, now I've met the author of my story and it's mine. Without music, now there is a name. There is a name. &gt;&gt; Oh, it is mine. Yes, he's mine. I've met the author and I've met the author of my story and he's mine. Oh, he's mine. There is a name. There is a name. I believe it is mine. Yes, it's mine. And I've met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. [Music] Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh, everywhere I go, oh everywhere I be, oh Jesus, if you believe it, tell your neighbor about it tonight. Oh now Jesus is mine. Oh Jesus is mine. Oh everywhere I go, everywhere I be. Oh Jesus is mine. And look what the Lord has done. And look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. Oh, he saved me just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. Oh, each day is just the same. And come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, now look what the Lord has done. And look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. Oh, he saved me just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. And each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Sounds good. Well, now look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. Oh, he saved me just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. Each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. One more time now. Oh, now look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. He heal my body. He touched my mind. Oh, he saved me just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. Each day is just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. [Applause] Bless Guess what? [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. who reigns forever more. Can we do verse one now? And father in heaven, how we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises as your people declare your mighty works. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty [Music] who are forever more. Verse two. Now I love this. And father of mercy be exalted. That's my prayer tonight. May Jesus name be lifted high for his sacrifice of love has won my part. Thank you Lord and his resurrection power gives me life. Oh blessed be the Lord. Can you sing it with all your heart tonight? Thank you Lord who was to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever. Can you lift a hand and sing it now? Blessed be the Lord. You're worthy of the Lord Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty [Music] who reigns forever. [Music] For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. Is he worthy here tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As we get ready to turn it to the man of God, can we just sing that song? Can we go to F? I feel Jesus. I feel Jesus. [Music] I feel Jesus. I feel Jesus in this place. [Music] And my soul does [Music] burn within me. Oh, I feel Jesus in [Music] this place. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. I can feel his mighty power and his grace. [Music] Glory. [Music] [Music] I see glory [Music] the presence of the Lord. Amen. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. I believe he's here because I know that you're feeling in the songs. He's in the scriptures. I'm sure that he's been with you throughout the day. He's been speaking to you. And that's what we need here this evening. We have a lot of voices in this world. There's a lot of things that go on in the news and a lot of celebrities that speak, a lot of political figures that speak, and we have a lot of family members that speak. And sometimes if we're not careful, just our minds become muddled up with the daily tasks and the different voices that we hear. But when we hear Jesus speak, we know that there's an anchor. We know that beyond the shadow of a doubt that this must be real because we just have to decipher a lot of things in life whether it's true whether it's false whether what was exactly said or what wasn't but God made very sure that whatever he said was written down right here in the Bible something that we can look back to something that we can look and we can say you know what this is just what it says is black and white and if this word has anything for us. We know that his promises are true. Amen. Amen. It's just wonderful to be here in the house of the Lord here this evening. And amen to be here with the people and just to see everybody's faces and I know here on it being Wednesday and kind of be a little tiring and I'm a little tired too, but come here to do our lot. come here to just be here in the presence of the Lord and to share this time with you and I guess I'm going to go ahead and be just using this mic here. you know, um when Kobe gets up to sing and she's in not too very long after you're coming up, I uh I didn't have time to put my little mic on, you know, and so well it'd be all right, I guess. Just just Yeah, if you want to, you know, already brother Caitlin's already in the back already doing this to me, you know, and so but um that's just wonderful to be here in in God's house. Sure. Have gotten a lot of rain, you know, and been a lot of time of [Music] going to put me all together here. I've already messed up. I hadn't even started yet. [Music] Amen. There we are right there. Amen. You love him here this evening. If we could, we'd like to go ahead and move into our scriptures here. We like to start in uh Matthew the 16th chapter and just going to have a real simple thought here this evening. And um today's a special day. Of course, we all know that Bosco and Patrick's going to be being baptized today. And &gt;&gt; and uh just a wonderful thing to see. Yeah, I was just uh telling brother Windle that you know the we can really miss out on some of the treasures in life and if we misplace what treasure really is and it's not a fine building or cars that we drive but it's the souls that God gives his kingdom. Amen. and and it's the the people that are in this building that have stood at their posts of duty and stood here to see these things happen so people can come in and not see people but see the God of the Bible that we want to live portrayed to live and and if we would just go ahead here in Matthew 16 and and uh starting here believe it's I'm still kind of getting used to this whole little uh computer thing here. And if I'm not careful, I'll put my words together and next thing you know, some of my words are over here and some of my words are over here. and kind of have to kind of put them together, you know, and and um but it says here in Matthew 16, starting at the first verse, it says here, "The Pharisees also with the Sadducees came and tempted, desired him that he would show them a sign from heaven. He answered and said unto them, when is it evening?" Ye say it will be fair weather, for the sky is red. And in the morning it will be foul weather today, for the sky is red and lowering. And oh ye hypocrites, you can discern the face of the sky, but you cannot discern the signs of the times. And a wicked and adulterous generation sinkketh after sign, and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them and departed. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we love you. Lord, we would just ask that you would just be in our service here this evening, Lord. And we just ask that you would just help me and give me the words to speak. But ask, Lord, that you would be with the congregation, Lord. Just whatever you would have to say, let it be said. Lord, what it's not that it wouldn't. But we just give these things over to you and just ask that you would be pleased in Jesus name. Amen. You could be seated here this evening. And if I had a title, it would be recognizing his presence. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And looking at this uh passage of scripture that we had just read, I had been going back and listening to uh the message um uh the presence of God unrecognized. And if you haven't if you haven't listened to that sermon, it's a it's a pretty good sermon to listen to. It's just at that right point, you know, where you can write right amount of time frame where you can kind of squeeze it in here or you can squeeze it in there. You still kind of put it all together. But I've been thinking about this passage of scripture, uh, you know, or thinking about this passage of scripture which was me or mentioned in that message and just kind of mulling it over my mind and thinking about the recognizing his presence, you know, because it's pretty important for us. There's a lot of things to recognize in the earth and there's a lot of things that we need to pay attention to. We need to keep track of, you know, we have we have to wake up in the morning on time, right guys? We go in the morning on time, be at work, and you know, we got these kinds of things that we got to do in in the morning. So, we got to remember to be up in the morning and you know, we got to remember to, you know, what time to come home and what time dinner is and you know, we there's a lot of things that we got to remember. you know, you remember if you got a flat tire, you know, you better get it fixed or you're going to be walking somewhere, you know, or there's a lot of things that we got to remember, you know, that we got to recognize during our daily life. But if we're not careful, we leave God unrecognized. We leave God in in our lives unrecognized. And the only thing that I could think of, you know, but what would it be? What what would be the things that keep us from recognizing God in our lives? And you know, sometimes the word can be preached, you know, pretty simple, pretty clear. And we're we're very fortunate, especially in the hour that we live in, to have a word that's pretty straightforward. And God was graceful to us to give us a prophet in this day that we live in that to be able to come and not to uh put the word back into mystery form, but to be able to bring light over it that we could see exactly what God was thinking. But if even in doing that, if we're not careful, the word of God becomes common to us and it becomes common in our lives and these the the words of life, the seed of life can fall upon deaf ear. And it could be just something that just as a phrase says that, you know, just water off a duck's back and it's just something that we've we become uh common to because we live in an area where a message church is. We live in an air we have a uh a pastor that's seasoned in the message. We got elders that are in our congregation, you know, that are seasoned in the message that, you know, we have good song leader, good musicians, you know, we got ministers, we've got, you know, elder sisters, you know, our congregation is pretty equipped, but yet at the same time, if we're not careful, we can instead of leaning on those types of things, we can uh lean onto our own understanding. And uh a lot of these people that we have that I had mentioned are not just individuals of themselves but they're pillars and they're they're people to lean to that have uh lean themselves leaned on the word of God and and have built their foundations on the word of God and been able to uh uh stand on their uh stand on their own two feet if that's the way that you want to put it but yet but but yet have the word of God as their foundation. And you know, and I begin to think of also that sometimes that if we're not careful that, you know, some things that could keep us from recognizing uh God's presence in our midst is afflictions. And you know, uh things that go on in our bodies and things that we fight in our mind and things that we fight uh you know uh especially that's what an affliction is, something that's been put on us. And we can become sidetracked by the situation at hand rather than recognizing the truth of God's word that we have for today. And and it could be preached over the pulpit, you know, whether that uh you know that we don't have to live with a affliction, but yet we have power through God's word to be able to heal our bodies. But sometimes those things, those seeds could be planted in our heart and we can let affliction be able to come and to be able to uh kind of pull that seed out and we and we decide to live with it without recognizing God's presence in our midst. And and then sometimes we can let off a fence. We can let things between brothers or sisters or husbands or wives or we can let things between, you know, good friends that have been that have been, you know, uh friends for a long time. And we can let we can instead of letting God come in and mend something amend a situation that's been said or if one brother or another brother or sister feels aught within one one another instead of going and correcting it and using the word of God uh using the word of God to be able to take that and mend a situation rather than cause us a scar or divide into it. we can rather we can lean on those types of things, our feelings and and we can leave the presence of God unrecognized and and you know and I begin to think about also that um a lot of times it doesn't matter if it's men or women but we can leave but we can let the cares of life we can let our responsibilities and we can let the things that we do daytoday that are important and shouldn't be swept under the rug or just kind of pushed off a side or put in the shade somewhere but yet we can let the cares of life begin to weigh us down and these things and our responsibilities become number one rather than recognizing the presence of God in our lives. And also we could just flat out not care and we could just uh we could just look and we could lust after the things of the world or we could covet after the different things you know like the my brother drives a nice truck or my you know my sister she has a nice set of dishes you know or or it could be you children you know it could be it could be things or my friends have this and I don't have that and you know and we we can forget our purpose and we can forget exactly what God's trying to do through us to show the world. And a lot of times a lot of a lot of things that I have talked about we don't have a physical element or physical element physical body of Jesus Christ that's walking amongst us but yet he's alive again in the body word and yet the word that's being preached over the pulpit or that we listen through through the message can take it it takes shape inside of our lives and is displayed through in the in and through the word. It's something that we can look at to be able to see whether you're fighting an affliction in your body, the word's there. The word is there to bring healing to your body. And that's the presence of God. And you and whether whether you're facing an offense with a brother and and you're trying to find that place to be able to to be able to mend or bridge that gap, you can go to the word and you can see God mend the gap that's there. And and I begin to think about how that how that you know that there's a lot of there's a lot of things that we could recognize. You know, the world has a way of recognizing people and and a lot of us have gone have know some of these things. But yet sometimes, you know, uh in in a form of recognition usually, you know, usually recognition comes uh uh to acknowledge as one uh to be heard at that time or to acknowledge with an uh with an appreciation or to take notice. And sometimes you know uh there's phrases or there's you know gestures that uh people do uh to recognize some great achievement that uh someone has did and and you know usually that comes in the form of you know nowadays they have the fist bump or they have the high five you know or they have you know or they have some kind of you know hey you did a good job or you did something like that and and you're recognizing somebody's achievement. you're recognizing some what somebody has done and how that how that man they did they sure did a great job you know and the world has a way of of recognizing people you know and so they offer up a what they call a Nobel Peace Prize and you know um you know they have the Nobel Peace Prize and certain things that people do uh to to achieve this prize. you know, I was just kind of thinking of this and so I was kind of, you know, going through the old Google, you know, and and trying to find some people that, you know, had won the Nobel Peace Prize and uh one of the men that had come up was Niho uh Hand Handoy, you know, I don't know who that guy is and I'm probably never going to meet him, but you know, he won the Nobel Peace Prize and apparently everybody thinks that we should know him, you know, but but it says here that he wins the Nobel Peace Prize and that was for his efforts to achieve a world free of nuclear weapons. And so he had, you know, drawn up a whole bunch of articles and helped organize a lot of things from different countries and different places to be able to try to achieve a world free of nuclear weapons. And and you know, another thing that they have is they have a trophy for the NBA finals. You know, and a lot of us know, you know, that we you know, the the Oklahoma City Thunder, you know, they're they're the champs. You know, they're the ones that are that are reigning at the moment as as the ones. And you know, so they get the big trophy and the shirts and they get to to go and meet the president, you know, and they get to they parade them all down the streets as the winners, you know, that these are that these are the number one, you know, and this is the way that the world is honoring their champions, you know, and and another one, you know, is a another way that the um, you know, the world or you could probably put this as the military is that they put the Medal of Honor on somebody for somebody that has achieved something really uh, heartfelt and somebody that has done something above and beyond what what their call of duty was, you know, and I began to think uh I was I looked up and there was a man named uh Leroy Petri, you know, he was uh on his seventh deployment there in Iraq or in Afghanistan, he was on a mission to capture a Taliban target and despite being wounded in both legs and he had g uh he was still giving orders uh to to keep fighting and and then a grenade came in the midst of him and his friends and he had picked up the grenade and to throw it away from to throw it away from his uh comrades that were fighting there on the field. And in doing so, he he threw it, but the grenade didn't get too far away and it blew up and it disabled him from being able to fight and you know and fight further in the battle. But yet, he was awarded the Medal of Honor because the world was recognizing this man. He was recognizing what he what he had done for his country. And and you know, I was uh you know, and I began to think about this. You know, you have this whole list of people that have been recognized and and you people that have been awarded these medals and been put, you know, and their name are being etched in history forever, but yet there's a lot of people that have done substantial things, but yet not have been recognized. And, you know, you can use you can use the uh the coined phrase of unsung heroes if that's how you want to put it. And and uh you know, so I begin to kind of look around. I begin to kind of again go back to Google and just be like, "Okay, let's check these people out." and and I begin to look and and there's a man named uh Stan Petro. Uh he was a uh actually he was a Soviet defense officer that was uh he prevented a nuclear war uh in 1983 between the United States and Russia by correctly identifying a false alarm in their system, thus calling off a nuclear strike from Russia to the United States. And and so thinking about this, you know, we could have been at war in 1983, you know, between the United States and Russia because of a glitch, you know, that happened inside of a system. And you know, there was another person called Irene Sindler. She was a Polish social worker. Uh she had organized the escape of 2500 Jewish children from the Warsaw ghetto uh from extermination, you know. And then I began to went down. I'd seen three uh this one right here. And a lot of people know about this and we we had all heard about the Chernobyl disaster, but there was a group of men and they were called the suicide squad. And these men were were the ones that were selected. Uh somebody had to do it, you know, somebody had to go back inside of the reactor and had to uh disconnect the the reactor in order for it from it to keep a chain reaction, which they said could have possibly destroyed 50% of Europe today uh if if these men hadn't went back in there. But yet uh but yet a lot of the world don't know who these people are and a lot of people a lot of the world uh you know just is focused on what's glamorous and and you know uh the world and that's what it kind that's what they look at you know they whether you know they look at what's glamorous you know what's pretty you know what's real uh what action you know uh something that they can really publicize out in the publicize out out in the world you know in order to in order to hit headlines but you know I begin to think about how that you know if if we're not careful We begin to not we begin to ourselves as believers, we begin to not recognize the one thing that we're meant to recognize and that's Jesus Christ. And and if we're not careful, we begin to recognize all the things that the devil does in our lives. And we begin to recognize how that he's put us in this situation. He's put us in that situation. And how that, you know, that uh well, you know what, my cars broke down. You know what? uh you know, I'm sick or you know, uh you know, I I I just I'm just depressed or you know, I just you know, I just don't see I just don't feel like I can make it any further. But yet God, but if we can just stop and recognize the move of God amongst us, you know, that God hasn't left us alone, but he's left us the unadulterated word to be able to dig into and be able to pull yourself out of a slump of depression and be able to pull you uh be able you could be able to pray over something and then God give you the God give you the ability to overcome over overcome something in your life and you know, but it's not uncommon for Jesus to become unrecognized. You know, it's it's not an uncommon thing. You know, you would think that somebody would that has such an effect upon the the world today. I mean, somebody that has such an effect. I mean, to where his words are preached in in in every almost every country all across the world that you would think that somebody could be lifted up, but yet this person uh faces the most controversy contro controversy &gt;&gt; controversy that faces the greatest controversy, you know, in the world today because of the things that he said. And the thing was is the reason why was because when Jesus come, he didn't come to be just with the norm. Jesus didn't come and just be able to try to keep all the world systems together and just be able to be like, "Hey, you guys are doing fine. You know, just keep throwing money in the coffers. You know, just, you know, you women can do exactly what you want to do. You know, hey, you men, you guys are doing fine. You know, you just keep things going as long as, you know, we're getting lamb slayed and money's going inside of the treasury. you know, things are just going to be okay. But that was never the purpose of doing that. But yet, his kingdom was to be able to set up to be set up in the hearts of believers and his word to be established inside of you to where you could do the greater works. And I and I began to think about this about if you look back and if you look back there in Jesus's day, you know, you look there right there at the scripture there in John 14:7-11. You know even Jesus followers didn't recognize who exactly Jesus was at the current time. There in the seventh verse it says if you have known me you know he's talking to Philip here he says if you have known me ye should have known my father also and from henceforth ye him and have ye seen him. Philip said unto him Lord show us the father and it would suffice us. Jesus said unto him, "Have I not been so long with you? And yet thou hast not known me, Philillip, that he that seeth me hast seen the Father? And how sayest thou then, show us the Father? Believest thou not that I am the Father, and the Father in me, the words that I speak unto you, I speak not of myself, but the Father that dwelleth in him. He doeth the works. Believeth me that I am the Father, and the Father in me, or else believe me for the very works that I sake." Now, you would think that somebody that had been there and seen the miracles and listened to him speak would all would start to kind of put the connection together. Yeah. But yet, even his own followers, you can go down again there, Luke 8:22, there in uh 8-22, starting at the 22nd verse, it says, "Now it comes to pass in a certain day that he went out to the ship with his disciples, and he said unto him, let us go over unto the other side of the lake, and they launched forth. But as they sailed, he fell asleep, speaking of Jesus. And there came down a storm or of winds on the lake, and they were filled and they were filled with water and were in jeopardy. And they came to him and awoke him, saying, "Master, master, we perish." Then he arose and rebuked the winds and the raging of the waters, and they ceased. And he and they were and they was a calm. And he said unto them, "Where is your faith?" And the and they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, what manner of man is this? For he commandeth even the winds and the water to obey him. Now think about this again. You got his disciples sitting on the boat there with Jesus and they have to question to themselves amongst the what manner of of man is this that is there? You know, so Jesus even amongst his own friends begin to come unrecognized. Well, how be it that me and you could sit here in a message church, in a congregation that preaches the gospel and miss the very Jesus that we say that we come to see. Amen. Because we begin to come and we begin we begin to get car we begin to get carried away by the cares of life. We begin to get carried away by our afflictions. we begin to get carried away by by by um you know by things of this world, seeking after riches or or making sure job situations are done just right or or maybe offenses between brothers and sisters and but yet we would focus on them things rather than recognizing Jesus amongst us even in this building here this evening. Now I begin to look back and I begin to come and and you know they're religious people. You know, you would think that since Jesus, you know, is the most high God, you would think that since Jesus, you know, this one that has been spoken of for hundreds and thousands of years of the one to come, that when he would come that he would be he would be welcomed with open hearts by every person. Again, the religious lead religious leaders and we read this scripture, but I'm just going to go ahead and read it again. Matthew 16:1 and4 the Pharisees also with the Sadducees came tempting to desire him that that they would show him a sign from above. Now Jesus has done all these signs. &gt;&gt; Jesus Jesus has done all these things and all these things but yet but yet they're commanding him a sign. And he answered unto them when it or he answered unto them when is it evening? I say unto you that it be fair weather for the sky is red and in the morning it will be foul weather today for the sky is red and lowing or oh you hypocrites you can discern the face of the sky. to think about this. You can discern you can you can you can tell all these other things that are going around you but you cannot discern the signs of the times and and see now now we could now just for a moment and I don't mean to ruffle up your feathers because I believe every one of us are angels here this morning at least I hope you are you know you know you know I hope you're a believer here this evening but I don't I you know I don't want to I don't want to make you mad but at the same time but do we fit into that boat here this evening you know do do we do we fit into that place where the Sadducees es and the Pharisees are where we're sitting here inside of a service and and and or or we're out there in the world and we're sitting there and we're like, "Jesus, if you would just show me a sign, I'll believe you. I'll totally dedicate my life. I'll totally surrender my life or or or or or or I'll put myself in the position to where I'll come to church, you know, consistently like like your word says for for it to to for it to do. God, if you would show me this or if you would do this or you or you know, I I'm gonna fleece you here or I'm gonna flee you fleece you there. But isn't the sign uh of God's word being perfect and open to us in this day as much of a sign as any other sign that there could be? Amen. That we don't have to sit and we don't have to dig through all the all the muck and all the meer of of Benny Hinn and Oral Roberts and and and and the that one guy that's down there in Texas, Mr. Smiley, what's his name? I can't never join. that we don't have to sit here and bounce from preacher to preacher to preacher to preacher to be able to sit there and say, "Oh, this person must be right and that must p that person must be right." But yet, we have a word that's vindicated for our day. that we have a word that we can come back and we can stand both feet on and it says it doesn't matter if I'm sick today I'm healed because the Bible says so it doesn't matter that it doesn't matter in my life in my family situation if it seems like my my children have gone so far out there in the world but yet the Bible says that I've claimed them and that I'm and that and that I'm holding fast to what I'm holding fast to what the scripture says they will come in one day doesn't matter if you what your body says the word says amen that you are healed. And so that's where that's where we begin. So we don't want to fall in the religious category. You know, we can go out and we can look at Pilate there in John 19:5 going through the 12th verse. He says, "When Jesus came forth wearing a crown of thorns and the purple robe and uh and a purple robe, and Pilate said unto him, behold the man." &gt;&gt; He when the chief's priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, "Crucify him. Crucify him." Pilate saith unto them, "Take ye him and crucify him, for I find no fault in him." &gt;&gt; The Jews answered him, "We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he maketh himself the son of God." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He make He don't have to make himself nothing. He was &gt;&gt; He didn't have to make himself nothing. But yet, even the the Jews couldn't recognize who he was because he didn't come in the way that they wanted him to come. They didn't. They thought the Jesus that they were that the Jesus that or the yeah the the king that was coming at that time was the Jesus that was to be coming in the second coming. But yet they missed his first coming and the the fact that he was coming to set up a set up a kingdom in the hearts of the believers and to call out a gentile or call out or bring a message unto the Gentiles. And yet but yet they wanted him to come and deliver them from Roman oppression. But yet they missed the very fact that the Jesus that they were looking for came right bel right in front of their eyes and they missed it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You know sometimes we can have that perception in church. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we can have that that kind of an idea of church where we come to church and we expect that you know what you know what that that church should be this way. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'll make some of you mad because I'm trustee &gt;&gt; that it should be this temperature. &gt;&gt; You know that that the light should be like this or the preacher should preach like that and the musician should play music like this or or you or you know what or the spirit of God can't come. You would be surprised the places that Jesus showed up. Amen. &gt;&gt; You would be surprised at the places that Jesus showed up that the world would have looked at and said, "You really think that the Messiah would have been there?" But yet the places that he showed up, the places that he showed up that the world that that the world thought was kind was the very place that he could go and find acceptance. &gt;&gt; I began to think about this and about how that Jesus come to the woman at the well &gt;&gt; there in John 4 in the 10th verse. Jesus answered and said unto her, okay, now think about this. Now, we know the story. We know the story. And and some of this, you know, we're just going to kind of we're just going to kind of repeat and we're just going to kind of rehash. And, you know, we all know the story about the woman at the well, but but you know, she wasn't she wasn't the most purest of kind. &gt;&gt; You know, the woman the woman the woman at the well wasn't the most purest of kind. And and and we know that according to certain customs that, you know, that that the the the the virgin women would be able to come to the well and they would all come around and, you know, they would gather water at the well and they take it back to their houses and use it for, you know, laundry, drinking, whatever it is that those whatever that they would use the water for. But yet at this certain time was allotted those that were ill-famed. &gt;&gt; Okay? And so this ill-famed woman comes up. But prior to this, Jesus tells his disciples, "I have a need to go by Samaria." &gt;&gt; Now, correct me if I'm getting this mixed up. &gt;&gt; Okay? But but prior to this, before the lady goes to the well, and it's her time to come, Jesus is in another city somewhere saying that I have a need to go by Samaria. &gt;&gt; And he shows up at this well at this time with a prostitute woman. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; Whoa. Okay. So, he's there by himself with the prostitute woman. Okay. You got Sadducees and Pharisees telling him, "We need signs for you to prove who you are. We need this. We need you to do that." You know, kind of like how, you know, sometimes if you're not careful, you can be like, "Well, preacher, I need you to do this in order for me to believe you." You know, or or you know what, uh, you know, we can't be doing that because that's not the normal time that we have church. or or you know what I'm just going to listen to church on the internet you know instead of being in the presence of God where I'm supposed to be you know I need to be doing you know instead of being you know at the faithful at the house of God you substitute substitute church with the TV you know where or or you know and you got this perception about how that how that Jesus should come and where he should be and what he should do but yet Jesus is in the where he needs to be at any place at any time and here he is with the harlot woman at a Well, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. And yet all these Sadducees and Pharisees are out here or sitting out there in the world accusing him of being a a beelove. But the scripture says, now we go back here in the 10th verse. It says, Jesus answers and said unto her, if thou knowest the gift of God, and who it is is that that saith it to thee, give me a drink, thou wouldest have asked of him. And he would have given thee living water. The woman said unto him, Sir, thou has nothing to draw with. Okay. So, now she's figuring this out. &gt;&gt; What is he talking about? &gt;&gt; You come you come here with nothing and you're talking about you're talking about I'm going to give you a drink. You ain't got nothing to draw with. &gt;&gt; Okay. And the woman said, "Sir, the house has nothing to draw with. And the well is deep. From whence then hast thou the living water? Art thou greater than our father Jacob which hath gave us this well and drank thereof himself and and his children and his cattle?" Jesus answered and said unto her, "Whosoever drinkketh of this water shall thirst again to &gt;&gt; shall thirst again." He says, "But whosoever drinkketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst again. But the water that I shall give him shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting water." Now folks, we're not talking about dishani. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. We're not talking about Ozark water. We're not talking about the good oldfashioned Dollar General, you know, multi24 pack that you can buy for $7 down here at the store here, okay? We're not talking about that kind of water that you're going to drink and all of a sudden you're just going to bubble up. He's like, I'm going to give you something. &gt;&gt; I'm going to give this I'm going to give this harlot woman something. Amen. That when she drinks of this water, she is never going to thirst again. Okay? So she says here but whosoever drink of this water that I shall give. Uh we'll go down next verse. And the woman statement said unto her sir give me this water. &gt;&gt; You know &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; but society today don't want this water. &gt;&gt; Society today don't want this water. And I I'm even going to go further than that because we know that society is where they're going to be. We already know that we have a prophet has already said that we live in a layan age. You know, we live in we live we live in a lay oysanian time where we're, you know, we're rich or, you know, we're increased with goods. You know, we we don't have need of nothing. We got our little circles that we can be in. We got our nice house that we can be in. We got our places, you know, we we we can watch, you know, we can we can watch anything from our phone. We can do all this, you know, you know, I don't have to be there. I could just click on this and I could watch this and I could do that, you know. But you but yet but yet society society has come to the point where they're full &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; but they're full of that they're full of just they're full of just nonsense of the world. I'm going steal a phrase from brother William there. Amen. It's just full of nonsense of this world. They're full of entertainment. Amen. They're full of the ideas of what they think church should be. They're full of ideas of They're full of uh ideas of of how the the world should be and how everybody else should be except what God has called them to be. All right. &gt;&gt; It says, "The woman said unto her, sir, give me this water that I thirst not." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Neither come hither to draw. Jesus said unto her, "Go call thy husband and come hither." And the woman answered and said unto her, "I have no husband." Jesus said unto her, "Thou hast well said, I have no husband, for thou hast had five husbands, and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband, and thou hast said truly." The woman said unto him, "Sir, I perceive." &gt;&gt; Now look at this woman's perception. &gt;&gt; I perceive &gt;&gt; I perceive that thou art a prophet. Our father worshiped in this mountain. Now think about this. Now think about this. Even though that she was a harlot woman, &gt;&gt; even though that she was in sin, even though she had been buried and and the world tried to bury her underneath all these kinds of things, but yet the word was coming up through all that muck where the word was coming up through all that trash cuz listen to she says uh uh for our fathers worshiped into this mount and said unto him that in Jerusalem in this place where men ought to worship, Jesus said unto her,"Woman believeth me. The hour has come when ye shall neither in this mountain nor ye yet at Jerusalem worship the father. Ye worship ye know not what we know that we worship for salvation is of the Jews. But the hour is come and now is when the true worshipper shall worship the father in spirit and in truth. For the father seeketh such to worship him. God is the spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Now listen. The woman said unto him, I know the Messiah cometh, which is called Christ, when he has come, he will tell us these things. Jesus said unto her that I speak or that I that speak unto thee am he. Now listen, as she began to identify, Amen. who he was by the word, by what he was, by what he was giving her. Now think about that. The Sadducees couldn't figure that out. Now listen to me, church. You can sit here and be a message believer all that you want to. You can wear your pin. Amen. You can you can put your things on the chat. You can do whatever do whatever you think to make you feel like a me message believer. But if you don't recognize the presence of God within your mis, amen, I put a question mark upon your faith. Amen. And if you can come into a service and you can sit and and and the word of God not move you, the preaching of the word, amen, can come by like it's done the past several the the past several services and even beyond that. Amen. And you could sit there and you can question, Amen. And you can and you can let the God's presence pass right by you, right by your pew, right when the songs are sung. And you can sit there and say, "Well, I got this job to do, or I need to be I need to be out doing this, or oh, you know, I got this thing uh conjuring up in the back." And you become so distracted by the word word. Amen. You're missing the presence of God in your day at this time &gt;&gt; because we know that the presence of God is being put in a word body. And that body is here on the earth today. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's sitting right here in these pews. It's sitting right here behind the pulpit. Every time your pastor gets up to preach, every time your song leader gets up and leads worship, every time that every time your youth leader calls for calls for a a youth night and be able to come and surround yourself around the world, what's wrong with the word, Amen, of God? It's because what happens is it doesn't attract you no more. Come on. &gt;&gt; I like how brother Brandham, he goes and he talks about how about how that he was visiting a a woman, how that he was visiting a woman there uh and she was in a store somewhere and and she and there was and she had this baby and all of a sudden he was he was in the store and all of a sudden the baby began to cry out and or no the the the wife the woman began to cry out and she she began to cry and he runs up to her and he's like what's wrong with him? What's wrong? And she said, "You know what? The doctor said that he was okay. the the the doctor said that there that that that my baby my baby was going to be okay. He's like, "But I I take I've taken every toy inside of this store and I'm shaking it in front of him and I and I and I'm shaking these toy and there's nothing there." Amen. to to for the baby to to be able to respond to the toy, you know, and and you know what, brother Brandon goes back and he says, and that's exactly what has happened to the church today that they have waved every single blessing, every single fraction of the word in front of the in front of the church and she can't recognize it. Amen. And we don't fall too and we don't fall too short away from that even in our own services, even in our own congregation that when the word is preached over the pullpit and we can just walk by, amen, and walk out and we can still have ill feelings against your brother, still have ill feelings against your sister, still be able to walk out in defeat. That is your fault because the word has come to set the captive free. The word has come to be able to destroy the bonds of the enemy. You have to take the sword of the word and you got to do it for your life. &gt;&gt; But we got to get down to business and stop recognizing the things of the world. &gt;&gt; There's two classes of people in this world. And there's those that don't recognize God and then there's those that do recognize God. You know, the woman of the whale was of that class of that can recognize God. &gt;&gt; And I begin to go back and I begin to look at another person that was there, Gyrus. Now, Gyrus was a spiritual leader, you know. He was a he he was a priest, the scripture says. And behold, there came one of the rulers of the synagogue, Gyrus by name. And when he saw him, he fell at his feet. &gt;&gt; And besought him greatly, saying, "My little daughter lith at the point of death. I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, and she shall be healed, and she shall live." Now, he had spent all this time with him and all his buddies. Amen. trying to disprove trying to disprove that that was the ge that that Jesus was the son of God. Trying to put him into a situation to where he would be able I mean they would be able to corner him and try to put him to death. But when the rubber met the road &gt;&gt; all right &gt;&gt; when the rubber met the road Gyrus knew that there was only one place that he could go for healing. Gyrus knew that there was only one place that he could go because he had seen the works that Jesus had done. How many times do we see the works that Jesus has done? Not I'm not talking about brother Brandham's time. I'm talking about right here in Pony, Oklahoma. I'm talking about right here through our lives through through other people's lives. Amen. Things that have been done, the prayer requests that we put right here behind this pullpit. And it go out across this across our small community that's right here. And the sick are healed. People are brought back. marriages are restored right here because the word is being manifest to a group of people right here in Pawne, Oklahoma. And if we're not careful, we miss the presence of God when it comes right here amongst our midst. &gt;&gt; Oh, God. &gt;&gt; It's just as real as when the prophet uh when the prophet William Brandon was was coming when he came down and he swept this nation, amen, with the word of God and signs and miracles. I'm not no prophet, but God said that I will be able to do greater works. Amen. And more works that that could that could be done through the preaching of this word and the word that's being put out right here today. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; The woman of issue of blood recognized who he was and a desperation began to come place began to take place because she began to see what was going on. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus. &gt;&gt; I'm not talking about the situation you're going through in life. I'm not talking about the issues in your body. I'm not talking about the offense that you might have between brother and sister. I'm not talking about I'm not talking about uh uh the the things that issues that you got going on tomorrow at work. I'm not talking about all those things that are going on. We're talking about the one thing, Jesus. Okay? We're talking about the one thing, the one need maker that we have in our our need meter that we have in our life. The one that puts a roof over your head. The one that puts bread on your table. The one that puts rubbers on your or the one that put rubbers on on your rims to be so you can drive back and forth to work. &gt;&gt; This lady with the issue of blood, she had s sought physicians for 12 years. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; 12 years. Men couldn't get it done. 12 years. She spent all of her money. She spent all of her life savings. She she had done all these different things and and but she had come to a point in her life where she was so desperate. Right &gt;&gt; now, back in those days when you had issues of blood, you were considered unclean and you had to be able to you had to stay away from the people. You had to stay away from the congregation. You had to stay away. She was labeled as an outcast kind of like a leper was. &gt;&gt; She was like, "Oh, that person, you know, stay away from the they're unclean." Now, Israel did these things because there was it was kind of the hygiene kind of a thing, you know, that you're kind of kind trying trying to keep the spread of disease and trying to keep those things away, you know, but but yet she had to forget what everybody else around her thought. &gt;&gt; We've got to forget what our friends think. &gt;&gt; We got to forget what our wife is, what our wife thinks. We got to forget our social standing in the community. We got to forget all these other thing, all these things that all these things that might try to hinder us or keep us. Another place that we can look at is the pride of life. Try to keep us away from his presence because you know in his presence it causes you to do things that aren't necessarily for formal in church. &gt;&gt; When has God ever been formal? &gt;&gt; He wasn't formal when he come down and he saved you from the pit of sin that you were living in. God wasn't formal when he had come down and he reached down and saved your family. God wasn't formal when he came down in there and kept you from a car wreck. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But you decided, you know what? I'm tired of being formal. &gt;&gt; I'm tired of just uh just doing what man says that I need to do. I got to get to that healer. &gt;&gt; I got to get to that one. Amen. And she said within herself that if I could only touch the hymn of his garment. &gt;&gt; And here this evening, if we could say within ourselves, you know what, God, if I can just grasp the word that you have for my life, &gt;&gt; we don't have a literal Jesus walking around and amongst us. But we do in the form of his word. It's right here. It sits It sits on your coffee table. It sits on your table. It rolls around in your truck. And it mean it it sits on your It sits on your desk. I mean, the message is on your phone. It sits right there. The very one that you're looking for stands there every day of your life. &gt;&gt; But do we recognize the presence of God in our midst? Are we too worried about all our social the things that are going on in this in this world? God, when he came, he came and he destroyed the very form of religion for the Jews. if you destroy. He went in there. He went in there with whips and he and he'd went in there and he threw over the money changers and he throw let God come in here this evening and throw over all formality and throw throw out all types of all types of as all types of uh of things that would keep us away from his presence. God hasn't come to hasn't come for hasn't saved a church just so it can become formal and dead and he can come back and raise it again. Well, when he saved a church and he gave him the unadulterated word was for a group of people to be able to take it and let that seed be able to manifest itself so he could be walking meth Messiah again. &gt;&gt; That's what it is. Is when you recognize your day and its message is a sign, amen, that you are a son of God. &gt;&gt; When you heard Jesus came in, she pressed in behind him. Now remember, she wasn't allowed to be there. She was worried about what what was what was what was going to happen if she did it. But you know what? She didn't care. She didn't care. She didn't care what the priests thought. She didn't care what the preachers thought. She didn't care what the disciples were going to think of her. She didn't care about all these things because you know what? She had dealt with an issue for 12 years. &gt;&gt; And you know what? Satan lets you deal with things for year after year after year after year. And you know what? He's going to, you know, God's going to let him, Amen, get you to the point where you have to come to Jesus. That all of a sudden that you're going to come to a point in your life where you realize that, you know, I got to have Jesus or nothing. I got to have Jesus more than money. I got to have Jesus more than cars. I got to have Jesus more than clothes. I got to have Jesus more than I mean the next deer rifle. I got to have Jesus more than anything because without him I'm dead. &gt;&gt; And this lady had come to the point in her life that she realized without Jesus I'm going to die. But if I could just touch the hem of his garment, you know, and by with that little bit of faith, &gt;&gt; remember we talked about seeds, mustard seed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; With that little bit of faith. For she said, "If I may but touch, if I may touch but his clothes, I shall be made whole." &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, just a little bit, littlest touch from Jesus makes everything o makes everything okay. Some of you men know what I'm talking about. Some of you women know what I'm talking about. You have a hard day. &gt;&gt; You have a hard day at work. You have a hard day at home. You know, I you know, I sometimes I come home and you know, my wife, she's just gives me that look. I'm like, long day, you know, and the kids are all screaming. They're all running around, chasing each other, pulling each other's hair, jumping off this, and the two older ones are yelling at this one and smacking on this one, and this is all going on and they're, you know, I haven't got to the point where I just walk in and wash dishes and stuff like that. I'm still working on those kinds of things, you know, myself. I haven't got to that point yet, but but some you know, some of you know what I'm talking about. And all of a sudden, we get to that point where we're like, "Church, really?" &gt;&gt; The one place that you can find God's presence. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; The one place that you know you can go, you can go somewhere and somebody loves you unconditionally. &gt;&gt; All right? &gt;&gt; So, a one place that you can come into and you can say, "God," because you know God ain't going to tell your secrets. You know that God's going to sit there and stand up for you. That he's going to forgive you every time that you fall. That he that he that that you can come you could bring your children to when you don't know what's wrong. But yet God can go in and he can be the mortar in between your walls and he can he could stack things back together where he where it's at where you where we can go to one place. Let me tell you, you can go to one place and receive one touch from him. &gt;&gt; Amen. And all things will be made whole. I got to get moving. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; He says, "And his disciples said unto him, thou seeest the multitude through things, and sayest, thou, who touched me?" And he looked around about to see her that had done this thing. But the woman, fearing and trembling, knowing what she had done in her, came and fell down before him, and told him all the truth. And he said unto her, "Daughter," he didn't say, "you're touched." Yeah. &gt;&gt; He didn't say, "Oh, because you barrel through all these things." He says, "Thy faith &gt;&gt; hath made thee whole. Go in peace." &gt;&gt; Faith in what? Faith in who? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Faith that, oh, if I if I can just get through and only touch. But yeah, in a sense. But then faith that she knew that that was the son of God. &gt;&gt; That that was the King of Kings. That that was the very one that that would be able to come. Amen. was going to come and save and save Israel. Another one that I like to bring up in reference is Luke 7:36. Now, this one's my favorite. And it says, "And one of the Pharisees desired that he would eat with him. And he went to the Pharisees out, and he sat down to meet. And behold, a woman in the city which was a sinner When she knew that Jesus sat at the meet in the Pharisees house, brought him an alabaster box of ointment. Now think about this. Jesus is sitting with a who's of who's of ministers. &gt;&gt; He's sitting with He's sitting with the top men and they brought Jesus for sport. They did. &gt;&gt; They brought him so they could come and they could specifically set Jesus off to the side somewhere and poke fun at him and not give Jesus recognition for who he was. even in so much that they left Jesus dirty, filthy. Now, we all sit here, every one of us would sit right here in this building here this evening and would be like, we would never do such a thing. Would you? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Would you? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Would you wash Jesus's feet? Would you recognize him as your savior &gt;&gt; if he was to come into your misks and come into your midst? Would we would we recognize would we recognize God as as supreme or would we just do we just have Jesus as a figment of imagination, as a sport, as just something to do? something that we can all rally around and say and be like, "Oh, this is just what we do here, you know, this is just what we do on Wednesdays. This is just what we do on Sundays, you know, or or or or do we put him or have we brought him for worship?" &gt;&gt; Have we have we come to worship God's presence? &gt;&gt; The religious leaders of the time didn't recognize who he was, but there was a harlot woman There was an ill-famed woman, someone that wasn't worthy to come and be in his presence that brought an alabaster box of ointment. You know, I like how brother Random says that she probably had used the money used the money. She had used the money from her all of her ill-fame work that she had done to buy this special ointment to consolidate everything that she had done throughout her life for this one moment in her life because she realized that she had come to a point in her life that that she had no way out. that she had realized that she had come to a point in her life where she had that that she couldn't be forgiven from the Pharisees. Because you go down and you look in the scriptures. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It says, "And she stood at his feet behind him weeping and began to wash his feet with tears and did wipe them with the hairs of her head and kissed his feet and anointed them with ointment. Now when the Pharisees which had bidden him saw him, he spake within himself." Now the Pharisees which had bidden him saw it. He spake within himself saying, "This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who for who and what manner of woman this is, and touched him, for she is a sinner." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And Jesus answered, said unto him, Simon, &gt;&gt; remember she's he's saying this within himself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he says,"Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee." And he said, "Master, say on." There was a certain creditor which had two debt debtors, and one owed him 500 p, and the other 50, and when they had nothing to pay, frankly, he forgave them both. Tell me which which of them will love him most. Simon answered said, "I suppose that he to whom he forgave most." And he said unto him, "Thou has righteously judged." Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he turned to the woman and said unto Simon, "Seeest thou this woman? &gt;&gt; This woman. &gt;&gt; Oh God. &gt;&gt; Oh God." &gt;&gt; I hope tonight that God's like, "Seeest thou new life outreach. &gt;&gt; Seeest thou this woman? I have entered into thy house." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Christ all amongst Pony, Oklahoma right now in every church. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Being woripped through through entertainment through through through all kinds of boards and and all kinds of just nonsense that goes on in church in the church world that we lived in that we live in. being sat in his own house being invited amongst the people that say that he love it. Sitting in a church this evening with dirty feet. &gt;&gt; Let's not that be said about New Life Outreach here this evening. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Seeest thou this woman, this bride, this church, &gt;&gt; I have entered into thy house that thou hast gave me no water for my feet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But she has washed my feet with tears, and she has wiped them with her head. That has gave me no kiss. But this woman, since the time that I came, it hath not ceased to kiss my feet. My head wilt with oil, thou does not anoint. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But this woman hath anointed my feet with ointment. Wherefore I say unto thee, her sins which are many are forgiven. For she loved much, but to whom little is forgiven, the same loveth little. And he say unto her, thy sins are forgiven. And they sat at meat with him, began to say within themselves, who is he to forgive sins also? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do we not serve the same Jesus of the Old Testament, of the New? &gt;&gt; Do we not serve him? Is he not just as real as as he as he was &gt;&gt; 60s something years ago in the 60s as he is here today? And he said unto the woman, "Thy faith has saved thee. Go in peace. Thy faith has saved thee. Thy faith in recognizing who he was for that day." Amen. &gt;&gt; And I say I say to you to every one of you that can recognize that the Christ that is walking in your day right now in 2025 is nothing else but the embodied word being being manifest right here amongst every one of us here. Amen. The word that's being displayed every elder that gives advice every time a sermon that's preached over the that's preached over the pullpit every time. Amen. you your deacons, your youth leaders, Amen. Amen. Your brothers or your sisters, Amen. identify themselves with the word. It's Jesus speaking to you again. &gt;&gt; But do we recognize it? Or are we just so caught up in what's going on out here in the world today? Are we missing what God is doing just right now within these past couple of weeks? The wave of God beginning to move right through our services and the wave of God beginning to come. And if we're not careful, we miss the presence of God. Do not be too prideful. Do not Amen. Just surrender all the things that are going on in your life today and recognize the presence of God in your midst. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Like here a quote where it says in the me message recognizing your day in its message. Now we've talked about Jesus's day. But what about brother Brandham's day? Think about it. I like the parallels. Jesus himself comes. I'm going close it. Close it down here. Jesus himself's come. They couldn't pin him on his words. &gt;&gt; They couldn't pin him on the works that he was doing. So yet they called him Beelbub. The reason that he does all these things is because he's the father of devils. But yet they couldn't recogn But yet they couldn't recognize the word that was in their day fulfilling what he was doing. He's like, "If you can't believe me for the word's sake, believe me for my work's sake." &gt;&gt; And they did the same thing when the prophet came here in our day and the word was being manifested and the word was being explained and the word was being open. That's a fortune teller. Oh, he's oh, he's just reading minds or or he's mental telepathy or he's doing this or he's doing that. But what it was was it was the word again being shown to people. &gt;&gt; And it was up to a people to be able to grasp what God was doing in their time by the word, the word that was being preached and be able to connect the two the two dots. &gt;&gt; Okay? Now we're not part of the group that was oh that oh this is a fortune teller or oh this is a soothsayer or oh this is this or oh this is that but now we've gone on down the road and now we're sitting here and we're part of the group we're part of the group that's believing God's word. Amen. We're part of that group that sits back and say where can I go for thou has the words of eternal life. Amen. Where can I go? Amen. I can't I can't fall to the Baptist. I can't fall to the Methodist. I can't fall to the Pentecostal. I can't fall back uh to to daddy's belief. I can't fall back to mama's belief. Amen. What is it that is keeping you? It's the word. And it's the word, Amen. that's being anchored in your heart that is taking place and it's moving you to a rapture. &gt;&gt; It's a people that have recognized where they're at in scriptures. &gt;&gt; They've recognized that, hey, I'm in a Leodysa. I'm in a leadyan age, but I'm not of Leoa, but yet I'm a I'm part of God's bride. And I'm being called out. And I noticed these women that he had called out. The woman at the well, the lady with the alabaster box, the woman with the issue of blood. But yet it was all these women that had issues. Amen. And this bride, Amen. these womens that had issues. Amen. And they it was by their faith. It was their faith that God says, "Your faith has made you whole. By your faith, you had done this." Faith in what? and faith in who he was for his or for faith in what he was fulfilling for that time. And it's this woman, it's the bride Jesus Christ with the faith, amen, that she believes that his eternal word has been fulfilled in our hour to manifest the body of Jesus Christ right here. Amen. Here in Pawne, Oklahoma, your brother just ain't just a normal brother. Amen. That's Mr. Jesus Christ. Your sister just ain't a sister, but that's Mrs. Jesus Christ. Amen. walking here on earth. Why is it? It's because she is part of the word and the word is part of her. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You could sit here and you could look at everybody's mistakes. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; But you know, there's a lot of people that were looking at Jesus's mistakes. &gt;&gt; What they thought was mistakes. and they're sitting here and they're like, "We've been we've been we've been selling sheep at the temple for years." &gt;&gt; Yeah. We've been, &gt;&gt; you know, we've been we've been doing we, you know, we've been exchanging money and we've been buying incense and we've been doing all these things for years and all of a sudden Jesus walks out with his plate of whips and he just starts whipping everybody out of the temple and they're like, "Who is this guy that's come to, you know, to do all these certain things? &gt;&gt; Who is this Jesus? Who is this Jesus here this evening that has come to set the captive free? &gt;&gt; Me. Yeah. You. You. Every one of us in this underneath this covering of this building here this evening. Every one of us that are in the covering of God's word. You set the captive free. How do you set the captive free? By the life of the word that's being lived inside of you. What's it doing? and it's drawing out the seeds that are out there that are in the world. It's because their desire is for something solid. Their desire is for something real. Amen. They see church after church. They see religion. They see they see good deeds. I mean I mean anybody can have good deeds. It doesn't matter if you give to the poor. It doesn't matter if you give somebody a code. It doesn't matter if you do you could just be poor. Amen. You can live the life of God. Amen. But somebody can feel the fervor. Amen. that you know where you stand and you stand on this word. It draws the world. &gt;&gt; It draws the world. &gt;&gt; I say there is a Jesus walking on earth. I'm looking at it. &gt;&gt; Looking at it right here. &gt;&gt; Recognize his presence as the musicians come. And the church used to used to stood on the rock of Jesus Christ. No matter what anybody said, they stayed right with the word, the message of the hourward, Luther, Wesley, and down through there. And now they've turned back to traditions. Why has it done it? The past 25 years, Israel has recognized that it's in its homeland for something. It was prophesied. They'd have to be gathered again. Hosea said, "So, we read it a while ago. God, help us understand it." All right. At the same time, this is the beautiful part of this. It says, "At the same time, the bride has recognized the evening light. That's beautiful. &gt;&gt; We've recognized it. &gt;&gt; Yes, we have. &gt;&gt; I don't mean to put a little damper on whatever whatever you're thinking or whatever you got going on, but the bride has recognized it. &gt;&gt; You've recognized that you know what? There's something a little different about William Mary and Brandon's message than Joel Olstein. Yeah, &gt;&gt; there's something different about it that I could take what's on tape and I could read it right here in the scripture and I could put these two ingredients together and things happen. [Music] &gt;&gt; She all of a sudden she's beginning to recognize what's taking place. And I believe you have recognized it. I'm not saying anybody here hasn't. Just digging at you a little bit. Just take it. Digging at you a little bit. But we have recognized it. We have recognize this message. But what are have we done with it? &gt;&gt; Have we left his presence unrecognized? Because we got all this stuff going on. We got all these things going on. Put your sicknesses down. Put your put your put your things that you're going through through at home down. I mean, put your financial situations gone down. Put put all these other things down. Jesus is sitting amongst us with dirty feet. [Music] The one that you claim died on the cross for your sins. The one that you claim that rose rose again and came and rose from the grave and is going to gone to build you a kingdom. sits right here amongst us. It says this and the bride has recognized the evening light. Just begin to recognize the hungry Pentecostals have began to recognize that them organizations hasn't got it. They haven't got the things that they were looking for. They're so twisted up. See, it's the time of recognition. You've got to recognize it. The world has recognized. The nations have recognized. Science has recognized. The devil has recognized. See all the recognizing that's been going on around. But have we recognized it? &gt;&gt; Are we just another church? Is Brother Windle just another pastor? Are these just regular musicians? Is this just a regular word that that could just be preached by anybody anytime, anywhere? And if it isn't if it isn't preached the way that I think it should be preached or or if it isn't preached with with some flowers and some light shows that are going on, I'm not attracted to it. What are you attracted to? What are we recognizing? We can't look through. We can't look at God through our own filter. We can't look at God from from a a theological standpoint. He didn't come to theology. He was born in a stable. Man didn't even have a house to go to. The devil has recognized it. It's the time that he can wreck women. he could wreck the church. And we're talking about the devil. We're talking about that he's recognized that this is his time. That this is the time that he's he's he's let everything loose. He's aiming everything that he can at at the church. He's aiming everything that he can. He realized that he has this moment in time that he's wrecked the church, that he's wrecked the people. He's recognized it. And God has recognized that there is a people on earth [Music] that he predestinated to life. A group of people that sits right in front of me that God has for ordained before this world. Amen. To come against the enemy. a group of people that God has for ordained before this earth that when this world leaves your king, leaves your savior with dirty feet and they scoff at the way that he he asks you women to live your lives and they scoff at the way that he asked you men to live your life and they scoff at when at you when you say that by his stripes I am healed. They laugh at it. They laugh at They laugh at you when you say, "You know what? It doesn't matter how far they are lost about it in drugs. I've claimed them in the name of Jesus." And there's no word. There's no bond. There's no hammer. There's no sword. There's no nothing. A man can sever the word of God that I've sinned after my family. They laugh at it. But God says, "I've got a group of people." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I've got a group of people right in Pony, Oklahoma. &gt;&gt; Amen. That I've predestinated to prove my word true. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It might not be the most glamorous way about it. &gt;&gt; It might not be glamour. Yeah. You might be broke 90% of your life. Yeah. You might not drive a nice car. You might not have the nicest things. You might not have this. But you've got peace. &gt;&gt; But you have peace in your soul that you know when that day comes &gt;&gt; that you followed his word. &gt;&gt; You recognized the voice that came in your day. It tore your families. It wrecked your financial systems. Amen. It It brought you It tore you from pillar to post. But yet there was something beating and it was beating inside of your heart. Amen. That realize that this is real. [Music] It says at the same time the bride has recognized the evening light just being being to recognize the hungry Pentecostals have began to recognize that them organization hasn't got it. The world has recognized the nations have recognized science the devil they've all recognized and God has recognized that there's a people on earth that he's predestinated to life. He recognized that that this is the time to send his message. Listen to that. He recognized this is the time to send his message. He did it. The people have recognized it. The bride time has realized the evening light. He recognized that. You know what? It's time now to send my message because there's a people that'll worship me. &gt;&gt; There's a people that realize that I'm in their midst. There's a people that realize that my words just aren't coming out of a man behind of a pulpit. They realize that this shell that's just right here, Amen. this body that he lives in, but it's the words that he's speaking. &gt;&gt; It's the gift that I've given him to be able to to be able to speak the word. He has I bet if he had enough faith to send this message, if he had enough faith to send this message in the time that you live in right here, right now, Amen. then you would have recognized Jesus when he was on earth because there was something within you. Amen. That deep, that called to the deep. And if you would recognize Jesus in flesh walking amongst you at that time, recognize his word coming that has come right here where you live. You live at an epoch of time. Amen. That God himself will look back and say, "Amen. I predestinated this bride to see." Amen. Miguel was there. Tina was there. Amen. Brianna was there. Amen. All these different ones, they were there. And you can rewrite. You'll be able to write this story in heaven one day. I was there. I wasn't there when the prophet was there. But blessed are your eye or blessed are the eyes that have not seen [Music] than the eyes that have. Someone's about to put me back together there. But blessed are your eyes. You didn't get to see the miracles that were done in William Brandon's day. But you took the same word that he believed that had the same power to make it happen. Amen. Recognize your evening light, church. Recognize he's in your midst. He's in your midst here this evening. Don't take any opportunity that that the devil will hand you to miss church. Don't take you at any at any opportunity that the devil will give you to miss any time that you can gather around his word because that's where God will be. That's where God makes himself manifest. I don't know about I don't know about this this this age of people that were coming through, but there were people saved at our Bible studies. There were people that were filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost at our Bible studies. Amen. There were there were people in our churches, Amen, that were laid out in front of this. It still happens. And I'm a witness of it. And I will declare it to the day I the day I die because the word is living. And it's just as real was when I was a kid. And it's real right here, here this evening to save your children. &gt;&gt; To fill them with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. To raise them up, make preachers and make deacons and make singers and make musicians and do that. The word is still here here prevalent here today. But do you believe it? &gt;&gt; Do you recognize his presence? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's worship him [Music] &gt;&gt; to me. [Music] Your presence is heaven to me. Who is like you Lord in all the earth? &gt;&gt; That's just love and beauty in this world. Nothing in this world can sisfy. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Your presence [Music] is heaven to me. [Music] Your presence is heaven to me. [Music] &gt;&gt; Treasure of my heart and of my soul. Jesus in my weakness you are merciful redeemer of my past and present. You're the holder of my future days to come. Your presence, your presence is heaven to me. [Music] Your presence is heaven to me. All my days on earth I will wait [Music] &gt;&gt; for that moment that I see you face to face. For nothing in this world can satisfy Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Your presence, your presence is heaven [Music] to me. [Music] Your presence is heaven to me. your presence. [Music] Oh, your presence is heaven to me. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yes. Your your presence is heaven to me. &gt;&gt; Treasure of my heart, of my soul. &gt;&gt; Is he your treasure here this evening? &gt;&gt; In my weakness, you are merciful. Do you love him? [Music] [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; If you built any barriers between him, now's the time. [Music] things of this world or you let things get between you and you and him and maybe you've gotten cold in your experience and you've recognized God's presence but for some reason you've been keeping him at arm distance. God's very persistent. He'll come time and time and time. He loves you. He loves this little congregation. He's here here this evening to make yourself real. Just got to open up to him. Open up to the Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Your presence is heaven. Give to me once again. Your presence for your praise. [Music] It's heaven to me. [Music] Your pray is [Music] to me. Pour your spit out on me. Let it fall like rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. [Music] Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall like rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart. Make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spit out. Lord, I seek you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. [Music] Find my dry broken places. Thirsty for your love. [Music] Lord, forgive me if I wonder far away. from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall like rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. [Music] Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall like rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh for me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. The more I seek you, [Music] the more I find you. [Music] The more I find you, [Music] the more I love you. Sing that again now. The more I seek you, [Music] the more I find you, [Music] the more I find you. The more I love you, [Music] I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Hear your word in my ears. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so real, more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. [Music] It's overwhelming. [Music] [Music] Love so free and shame. How I know that were the de [Music] for a world of lost sin was so I'll cherish [Music] It cross till my trophies at last I lay down. I should cling to the old gift [Applause] and exchange it someday [Music] for a crown. [Music] [Applause] Oh, that old rugged so despised by the world. It has a wondrous attraction for me. Oh Jesus, for the dear lamb of God left his glory above to bear [Music] to dark calary. Sing it now with all of your heart. Oh, I'll cherish the old rugged cross where my tears at last I [Music] lay down. [Music] I will cling to the old rocket crawl [Music] and exchange. [Music] Praise the Lord. I want to give everything that I am to him and all of the honor and love that he deserves. And I think that the message tonight was very fitting. Believe the Lord was here tonight to speak to us. This is a very special night. You can be seated for a few minutes. You can turn those that AC up a bit if if it's a little cold. I had uh talked with brother [Music] Bosow for a little while. I guess up close to I don't know a couple hours yesterday we had fellowship and and I got to say it done my heart really really good as brother Bosow was sharing with me his heart and what God has been doing for him [Music] and his surrender to the Lord. And as he was talking about surrender and total surrender and wanting to be baptized and live for the Lord. And I I'm just beyond happy, brother Bosco, to see that decision and to see what the Lord has just been doing. It's just been a miracle because God's just been doing an incredible work. Brother Patrick's going to get baptized tonight. and the work that God's been doing in Patrick's life. And I I I'm just I'm so thankful. And as we look here and through the sorrow, the pain of losing a daughter, [Music] taken way too early. And today is the anniversary. Today is it's been one year today since Alba was killed. And I know the man. I remember the man that Bosow once was. [Music] And but the Bosow that I talked to yesterday says I [Music] In order for me to move with Jesus, I've got to forgive. I want to forgive that man and those people involved. and he said, "Do you think it's appropriate for me to get baptized tomorrow or to get baptized?" And I said, "Well, why don't we do it tomorrow?" And he said, "I would love that." [Music] I say, "God richly, richly bless him." So, we're fixing to have a a wonderful baptism here tonight. [Music] And I want to read up a couple of scriptures here. Acts 2 and 37. This is the commission. Jesus had just or Peter had just preached the sermon on the day of Pentecost. [Music] telling them that this is scripture being fulfilled. [Music] And it says, "Now when they heard this, they the people that were hearing, they were pricricked in their hearts and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them,"Repent, be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the Holy Ghost or for the promises unto you and to your children and to all that are a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, "Save yourself from this on tour generation." Then they were they that gladly received his word were baptized. And the same day there were added unto them about 3,000 souls. So the commission is to be baptized in the name of Jesus. Now Jesus there in Romans the 6th chapter and the third verse or let's just start at the first verse. What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? God forbid. How shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein? Know you not that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death? Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death. That like as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we should walk in the newness of life. For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall also in the likeness of his resurrection. Knowing this, that our old man, the old sinner, the man of sin, our old man who's crucified with him, Christ, that the body of sin might be destroyed, and henceforth we should not serve sin. He that is dead is free from sin. Now, if we be dead with Christ, we believe we shall also live with him, knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more. Death hath no more dominion over him. For in that he died, he died unto sin once, but in that he lives, he lives unto God. Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed to sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord. Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal bodies that you should obey it in the lust thereof, neither yield your your uh members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin. But now you yield yourselves unto God as those that are alive from the dead, that your members are instruments of righteousness unto God. So Jesus died, Jesus was buried, and then Jesus rose from the dead. He died for our sins. He went to the grave for our sins. And while he was in his spirit went down to hell, carried all of our sins, carried all of our sins to hell. But then God was so pleased with the sacrifice of Jesus that he raised him from the dead and brought him back up to life. God was so satisfied with that sacrifice. When we go in this watery grave here tonight, when we go in that watery grave, we are saying, "I am dying. I've died to sin. I've repented. I'm going down in this watery grave. I'm going to leave my sins in that water. I'm going to leave everything behind. And I'm going to rise up as a new creature. I'm going to rise to serve the Lord. I've died to my sins and just as Jesus died for my sins, I am now. Now, there's nothing that this water can do to save you. There's nothing that this water can do to to make you uh uh there's there's there's no saving power in this water, but it's just an accepting of the blood of Jesus and recognizing that it was Jesus Christ who died, that was buried, and that raised. And we too are going into a watery grave and rising up, leaving our sins behind. Amen. So, as we get ready now for this for this baptismal and I you know I was so excited yesterday when talking I did I don't know if y'all brought clothes. Did Did you bring extra clothes? Good. I'm I was I was not being a good pastor when we talked yesterday. I I got so excited and needed to tell you what to bring. Amen. [Music] So, um, what what we're going to do is are are you all going to get baptized in your clothes that you've got right there? And then just just change your clothes. Patrick, did you bring clothes? Okay, Stacy, are you getting baptized, too? You're you're not you're not going to be tonight. We'll be waiting for that. Amen. And um but we we uh so what we're going to do is have um If you guys are ready, then then um uh we'll just go ahead and meet over there. Brother Kobe can can sing and as as we're getting things all together back there, we're going to meet right over here in front uh right in this office here and then uh then we'll we'll access the the baptistry there. There is a blood that cost [Music] that paid my way. [Music] Though death is price when it flowed down from the cross, my sins were gone. My sins forgot. There is a grave I try to hide. This precious blood [Music] gave me life. But in three days he breathed again and rose to stand in my defense. So I've come to tell you he's alive to tell you that he tries every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood and it sides the blind. It heals the sick. [Music] The lonely fight. It has the power to free the bound. Oh my. As chains they fall [Music] upon the ground. So pour it out to cleanse my soul and let it live. The glory flow [Music] because it lives to make me whole. I owe my life. I owe my all. [Music] So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he tried every tear that fall. So I come to tell you that he saves, to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. All can wash away. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Oh, nothing but the sing now. And what can wash away my sin? Nothing above the blood. Oh, nothing above the blood can wash can make me whole again. Nothing but the blood. Oh, nothing but the blood. So I come to tell you he's alive to tell you that he tries every tear and b. Oh, I come to tell you that he saves, to shout, and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. [Music] Father, I see that you are drawn a lot in the sand. I want to be standing by your side. Hold in your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers arrive. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] I'm surrender and my own. I surrender to the king. [Music] Well, praise the Lord. I've been waiting for a long time. &gt;&gt; Don't hold me under. &gt;&gt; I I have if if if someone could to move this move this back just a little bit so I don't I don't want to splash no water on it. Uh we uh this is this is something we've been praying for for a long time, Brother Michael. And I thought this I thought this was fitting for brother Michael to to to minister here tonight, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; And u and it's just it's been a prayer that that all of us have have been praying and and we're we're just we're just we're so thankful. I have talked with uh brother Kayla, brother, brother Patrick about salvation and the and the realities of of serving the Lord and himself to the Lord. And I have I there has been a deep sincerity in in Patrick and what God is doing in Patrick's life is maybe maybe a lot of you don't know exactly how good God has been to brother Patrick. But I'm telling you, God is doing an incredible uh work of grace. And I know the Lord is going to continue And as as you as you just walk with God in humility, serve the Lord, I know that God will be there with you. Now, the the water is really warm. And so, this is like a jacuzzi water. Amen. But it's but it is better than cold. And uh my hand's already shriveling up here. But uh so Patrick, why don't you come right over here and then just put your toes up just about right there like that. And I you hang on to my hands and then I have to take a deep breath. bring back Patrick upon the confession of your sins, obedience of your faith. As I have talked to you and we have discussed at length throughout these of of what God requires of us. And I' I've seen a real willingness in your heart to want to please the Lord. I believe with all of my heart that if you continue to walk with God, God will continue to perform miracles. God will fill you with the Holy Ghost. He'll make a you'll make us a a great warrior of of the faith. So, Patrick, I now baptize you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Happy day. Oh, happy day. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When Jesus walks when Jesus walks. When Jesus walks all my sins away. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day [Music] when Jesus walks. Oh when Jesus walks. Oh when Jesus walks [Music] all my sins away. Oh happy day. [Music] Oh, happy day. I I can't tell you. I can't tell you what this here means to me. What God is doing in Brother Bosow's life, I believe this is just the beginning &gt;&gt; of what God is doing. And I I say, "Brother Bos, when God does something, he does it right." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When he forgives our sins and he puts them under the sea of forgetfulness, it is totally gone. &gt;&gt; And God's grace is with us. &gt;&gt; We are pure and righteous because it's his blood, not our ability, but it's his ability. And I believe we have the right to believe as we baptize our brother. &gt;&gt; I would love to see the Lord just when he comes up, the Lord just fill him with the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I would love to see that. [Applause] &gt;&gt; We're so thankful for that. Now, Brother Bosow, I want to have you to turn around and if you you bring your uh there close like that. That's right. I I've I've known him we we've known each other a long time. I guess 30 30 years. 30 plus &gt;&gt; two years. &gt;&gt; 32 years. And we never thought we'd be in the same room together, let alone in the same baptistry together. &gt;&gt; Never thought we'd ever hug each. &gt;&gt; I told him on Father's Day as we hug each other's necks really tightly, I said, "Who would have ever thought?" Amen. But God has been so good. &gt;&gt; I I've been so happy to welcome Brother Bosow in into the into our our church family. You can take that just like that. Then I'll have you take a deep breath here. &gt;&gt; Well, Bos, as you have been as you reflected your heart to me yesterday about your desires, surrender that you have really made a commitment to the Lord. I don't think there's a more appropriate thing to do than to be baptized in his name as he died for your sins and he rose for your sins and he took all of your sins and laid them down at the hell. You are now accepting what God has already done. This doesn't make you a member of any church. This here is identifying the work that Christ has done for you. And we are all witnesses of that these last few months. What God is upon the confession of your sins, the obedience of your faith, Bos, I now baptize you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. It's wonderful. [Music] All my sins away. Oh happy day. [Applause] Oh happy. He taught me how [Music] to walk. Fight and pray. Oh, fight and pray [Music] and live. Rejoice [Music] every day. every day. Happy day. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Oh, my sins away. Oh, happy day. [Music] &gt;&gt; Now, is there anyone else that would want to be baptized? We've got nice warm water. Man, I believe God's been looking forward to this day. He rejoices when a sinner comes home. Oh, it I'm just so thankful for God's grace. Isn't God just wonderful? I love him so much. As brother Michael was preaching, I identified and I told Brother Bosow, I said, "You identified with him. You you knew he was here." He told me Sunday, he said, "I don't know what's been happening." He says, "But something's changing me. Something's happening in me. [Music] It's God. It's God working." Hallelujah. I told him, I said, "A seed was planted into the ground and flowers are coming up. God has taken what Satan meant for evil and is bringing a whole new crop up. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] So I'll cherish the old. [Music] Oh, till my last we lay down. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] to the old [Music] change for the crown. So I'll cherish and so I'll cherish the old rug [Music] until my true [Music] stand out clean to the old round for my heart and exchange it for the ground. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For from you are all faith, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] Lord, you're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Thank you [Music] Jesus for the grace that you have given us. [Music] Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. One more time. Oh, thank you Jesus [Music] for the grace that you have. give us though I can't repay from my heart like I can say that I thank you once again now. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given up. Oh, I can't repay. But from my heart, I like to say that I thank you. [Music] [Music] Amen. And so we just want So y'all just Yeah. Let's just come and make form a line and and come and hug these guys' neck and let them know what you think. Amen. You have given us &gt;&gt; God bless my heart. &gt;&gt; God bless Patrick. &gt;&gt; God bless Bos. God bless them. Keep them. Fill them with the Holy Spirit. We're praying for you. &gt;&gt; For the grace that you have given us, oh God, though I can't repay from my heart, &gt;&gt; I can say that I thank you. Oh, I thank you Jesus [Applause] &gt;&gt; for the grace that you have. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, I can't repay. from my heart. I'd like to say goodbye. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. [Music] It's been your grace that you [Music] can't repay from my heart. I have to say, &gt;&gt; "Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. for the grace that you have. You've given up. &gt;&gt; Oh, I can't repay from my heart. I can say that I &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Thank you, &gt;&gt; Jesus. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. Jesus, thank you Jesus &gt;&gt; for the grace that you have given us. &gt;&gt; Though I can't repay, but from my heart I can say that I thank you, Lord. Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you Jesus [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; for the grace that you have given up. &gt;&gt; Though I can't repay &gt;&gt; from my heart to say &gt;&gt; Jesus Jesus. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given. Oh, I can't repay. But from my heart, I can say that I [Music] thank you. [Music] There is coming. This is what we're making preparation for. Heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears. [Music] All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. Thank you Lord. What a day, glorious day that will be. [Music] Oh, what a day that will be. in my Jesus. Oh, when I look upon his face, the very one who saved me. [Music] It takes me by the hand, leads me through. [Music] What a day. Glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrows there. No more burdens to bear. &gt;&gt; No more sickness. [Music] &gt;&gt; No more back pain. &gt;&gt; No more heart. &gt;&gt; No more. No more. &gt;&gt; Forever I will be the one. &gt;&gt; You died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. All together now. Oh, what a day that will be. With my Jesus, I shall see. When I look upon his face, he save me by his gra. He takes me by the hand. He leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, what a day. &gt;&gt; Glorious day that will be. [Music] Hallelujah. Well, glory to God. Wasn't this a beautiful service tonight. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thankful. Always thankful for his grace. Always thankful for what he is. to our brothers that have just been baptized and to really to all of us. We never put a period on our experience, we always say, "I've given my heart to God, I've been baptized, comma, you never put periods, always put a comma, because our relationship with God is going to grow and grow and grow." The Bible has promised, God's promised that we would we receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost for the life of God so comes within us the power of God. And I say just keep on serving the Lord. What What do I do, Brother Wendle? Just keep on serving the Lord. Don't don't don't stand still for nothing every day. Lord, give me more. Give me more. Fill me. I I want more of you. Sister Mary, I've got the Holy Ghost and I and I remember the time that you got the Holy Ghost right there in the right there in the kitchen. And God come down and so touched you. And but it was a comma because it's been a walk with God ever since. It's gotten sweeter and sweeter. Amen. &gt;&gt; Sweeter and sweeter. We just keep on walking with God. God bless you. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord here tonight? It challenged my heart. I I don't want to leave Jesus with dirty feet. Let me recognize him. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm going to be ministering in in uh at brother Ben Prutz's meeting this weekend. And so we uh appreciate would appreciate your prayers uh for for the meetings and um that the also be praying for me as as as u the Lord would just give me the words to say and and that I can just yield myself to him. And um uh so we would appreciate your prayers. Um brother Josh is going to be ministering here Sunday morning. And I think what we're going to do u this Sunday is we're going to dismiss the Sunday night service. And um uh there will be a few that is traveling on. And so with brother Joshu uh just getting back into town, we don't want to wear him out. Of course, we've got uh we got brother Harry here as well, but um since there's going to be a lot of sisters missing for the for the dinner and and and things of that nature, I think we're just going to go ahead and just dis dismiss the Sunday evening service. And um u but we uh but we'll sure be praying for for y'all's service and and I'm and I am glad to have brother uh brother Josh back a 15-hour flight. I believe it's 15 hour flight that way. and they they they they flew and then he he got there just in time to walk out and preach and uh and then then they had morning and night different services and so it was it was just a a whole lot of time. So we just pray the Lord gives him strength and renews him and um so but u so we'll but we we're looking forward to what God does here. look forward to what God's going to do there. Amen. Um, we've got our meeting coming up here real soon. God's going to come up in in in September. So, let's just be let's just be praying for it and believing the Lord to do great things. We got us a new mixer, a sound soundboard, uh, set up. So, things have I I thought it's went went pretty good there, Brother Cayen. Amen. We didn't know. We didn't know how it was going to go uh being the first service, but uh uh with it, but I I thought it all went went pretty good. And so we our other our other mixer has been crashing uh every other week or so. And so Sunday morning, they came in and said the the soundboard crashed again. And every time you do it, you have to go back in and reset everything. And uh and so by God's grace, there will be no more resetting the soundboard. Amen. And uh so it's it's been a real it's been a real nightmare for the sound guys. Amen. So, and we appreciate Brother Caleb, too. You know, it's it's work. It's a lot of work. Amen. And uh so we we do appreciate appreciate brother Caleb. Um okay. Well, I know it's been a little bit lengthy service, but I think it was worth the length. I'm glad I'm glad brother Michael preached. That was just perfect. Everything was wonderful. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, what a day. Glorious day. You can dismiss yourselves. We love you. Praying for you. Praying for each of you. Keep pressing the battle, friends. Don't leave Jesus sitting in your living room or your bedroom with dirty feet. As I was preparing for Sunday morning, I'd ran across a quote and brother Brandham asked the question, "Do you really think that he's pleased with the lay me down to sleep prayer?" He said, "You just talk to him before you're dozing for three or four minutes." He said, "Do you think that's really what he's worth?" And I thought, "Oh, God. Oh, God. I want to give him more time. How about you? Oh, what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. &gt;&gt; When I look upon, &gt;&gt; I'm going to see his physical face. &gt;&gt; I'm going to see his grace. When he takes me by the hand, he leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, there will be no sorrow there. No more hurts to bear. No more sickness. No more pain. No more partying. [Music]
