################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-27 - 2025-07-27 Bro Timothy Miller "Thus Saith The Lord Or Keep Still" - Timothy Miller - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-27
Title:   2025-07-27 Bro Timothy Miller "Thus Saith The Lord Or Keep Still"
Speaker: Timothy Miller
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJVb6Vac870
========================================

like you. And Lord, may I need to die? Take up my cross with a crucified heart. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Oh, I worship him when I come into his presence. I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Yes Lord. Oh I worship you for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. again because just because he's gone. Do you believe that this morning? When I come into his presence, Lord, I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he's won. Oh my. So I'll praise him. Can we do that this morning? Oh, I'll praise. He's here when I come to. Yes, Lord. I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he's won. So I'll praise him. Oh, I'll praise him for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. [Music] Because just because he gone for all he's done for me. Has he done so much for you this morning? He's redeemed. Thank you, Lord. be free. And because just because he's gone, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Do you love him here this morning? Amen. And has God been good to you? Amen. I'd like to go to prayer here this morning if we may and ask brother Stephen if you would mind coming and leading us in prayer. It is good to have the Miller family with us. Amen. But we do have one request here says prayer for my brother Ace. He's in the OSU hospital having trouble breathing. So, let's remember Ace or Shorty here this morning. Remember grandpa. Always remember him. He's not with us. Let's continue to remember brother Donald and Angie. Is there recovery? Amen. If you have a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you. Now, amen. We're glad to be here in worship with you this morning. Let's just bow our heads before the Lord this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come before you this morning, Lord. God, you see the needs that have been brought before us this morning, Lord, for the brother that's in the hospital, Lord, having trouble breathing, Lord. God, we pray that your Holy Spirit would meet him this morning, Lord. That the healing power would come down in that room and touch him, Lord. God, we've seen you drop cancers. We've seen you bring healing to people, Lord, that men thought wouldn't make it, Lord. But God, we pray you'd bring healing to his body this morning, Lord. God, we pray for the other needs that were mentioned, Lord. God, for each and every hand that was raised in the building this morning, Lord God, the needs that that none of us may know, Lord. God, you know, each and every heart and each and every need, Lord. God, we pray for our sister King, Lord, as she's fighting for this testimony this morning, Lord. God, we pray that the the testimony would manifest, Lord, that the the doctors would just be in awe and in wonder, Lord, at the testimony of the healing power of the Lord. God, we thank you for all you're doing and all you will do this morning, Lord. &gt;&gt; We pray you would bless the service, Lord, and may you just be with us this morning. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Can we sing this? He is Jehovah. He is Jehovah, God of creation. He is Jehovah, Lord God Almighty, the bomb of the end. He brought a Jehovah God that heal me. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah. [Music] He is Jehovah. &gt;&gt; Lord God Almighty. &gt;&gt; He is Jehovah. God. He is the great I am. The God of Abraham, Jehovah Shalom. Oh my. The God of peace. I am the God of Israel. [Applause] The everlasting one. He is Jehovah. God that heal thee. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. He is Jehovah. Lord God Almighty. He is Jehovah. God that heal me. He's my proider. Jehovah Gyra. God of salvation, God our Messiah, the son he sent to you. He testified of him. He is Jehovah, God that he believe he sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah. He is Jehovah God Almighty. &gt;&gt; He is Jehovah God that he [Music] going to sing in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. [Music] There ain't no word going to sing my place. So long as I'm alive to glorify. Praise his name. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise his name. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Oh, praise the Lord. [Music] I praise his name. As long as I'm alive, glorify. I praise his name where ain't no rock going to cry. I can say that this morning. Oh, as long as I'm alive. I'll praise his name. There ain't no rock. &gt;&gt; Going to cry in my place. As long as I'm alive, glorified. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, let's praise his name as long as I'm alive. [Music] Oh, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Someone come and praise his name. As long as I'm alive, glorify. Praise his name. [Music] Have you come to praise his name tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As long as I got breath in my body, I'm going to praise him. Amen. Can we go to Chief? as they get ready to take up the offering. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Well, I will love him. Oh, love him. Oh, love him in the morning. Love him in the love. Oh, love him. Love him when the sun goes down. [Music] Lord Jesus, we we come into your presence, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would just bless the tithes and offerings. Lord, bless those that are able to give and those that aren't. Lord, Lord, may it just be used for your kingdom. Lord, we just commit the remainder of the service to your hands, Lord. Pray that you would just be glorified. That's all said and said is done, Lord. And Lord, may we just leave knowing that we've heard from you. We just love you and we thank you for all you do for us. In the name, Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; I will praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. I know you praise the Lord while you have a chance. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising. If you feel that way, try to write and tell someone now, "Well, I feel like praising praising him." [Applause] I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Well, now, why don't you praise the Lord while you have a chance? Oh, why don't you praise the Lord while you have a chance? Yes, Lord. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel thy praise and praising him. Well, now I feel like loving loving him. I feel like loving loving him. Oh, love him in the morning. love him all day long. I feel him. Well, now why don't you love the Lord while you have a chance? Why don't you love the Lord while you have a chance? Oh, now love him in the morning. Love him all day long. I feel like loving loving him. Well, I feel like serving serving him. I feel like servant serving him. Oh, serving me in the morning. Serve him all day long. I feel like servants serving me [Music] land searching for rest and amnesia bitterness and distress buffet and a kinsman redeemer who's called the mighty one. He took this old bob out from the field, brought me to his house. He said, "Fear not my child, for you are part of me and I'll not rest till you are at my side. I will do all that you, oh my, ask of me. You're a jewel in my eyes, virtuous woman. You are my bride. And I've responded to your call. And you have covered me. Lord, with eyes of faith, I see. All the mysteries being revealed. And I'm not myself, who I am. And I'll let claim to all that's mine. I'm the lamb's wife. I was bought with a price. He said, "Fear not my child, for you are part of me and how I rest. You are out my side. I will do all that you ask of me. You're a jewel in my eyes. virtuous woman. You are my bride. I love this now. When I look back and see how much grace and love you show me, Lord, it brings me to my knees. Oh my, that you would even think about me when I'm in need. You're still Jehovah Gyra. You're still the great healer. With faith I'll stand on his word cuz you're more than he said, "Fear not, for you walk hard in me and I'll not rest. You are at my side. I will do all that you ask of me. Your jewel in my eyes. Virtuous woman. You are my bride. I've cast it. So I've casted all my cares on you. Sing it out. Sister Lydia Miller comes. You love me. I know you love me, Lord. Redemption by blood. That's the greatest love story and for restoration, [Music] for redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud. They testify our redeemer no longer dead. He's risen and he's coming back for you and me. Amen. God bless you now. I'm really glad to be here with y'all. We enjoy coming here. Um, if you don't mind short, but um, I believe it was last week. I was struggling to breathe and I was up all night and my parents woke up in the morning. It was really early. I had been up all night struggling to breathe. And they asked me if I was okay. And I told them, I said, "No, I can barely talk." And they asked me if I would like for them to call the ambulance. And I told them that I would like So they got there and they told me that there wasn't really much that they could do that they could take me to the doctor, but I would be more comfortable with my parents. So they took me to the doctor and the doctor told me that my left lung was not functioning correctly and that's the reason it was hurting to breathe and I was struggling to breathe. And so she gave me some medicine and that night that I went home, I slept very well and was able to breathe and I'm able to breathe very well now. So I'm really thankful for that. So [Music] you right now and everything is crashing down. I'm losing faith and fall. [Music] [Music] I know you're there. God, would you meet me here tonight? My God, I'm tired of trying to be okay. I prayed all the prayers. I have to pray this leave me lonely. My God, I need you to me. My God, I pray. [Music] Lost, but I can't let go. God, you catch me when I fall. You catch me when I fall. You catch me when I fall. You catch me when I fall. There's air in my lungs. With all the damage that's been done, Lord, please sustain me now. I know you are enough. My God, I'm tired of trying to be okay. I've prayed all the prayers I have to pray. Please don't leave me lonely. My God, I need you. I'm far beyond the point of being lost. Far beyond the point of being lost. Try, but I can't let go. Lord, you catch me when I fall. You catch me when I fall. You catch me when I fall. You catch me when I fall. Lord, please help me now. My soul is crying out. My God, I'm tired of trying to be okay. I prayed all the prayers I had to pray. Please don't leave me. But I need rid of me. Oh God, I'm losing all the hope I got. I'm far beyond. I want to be lost. I've tried but I can't let go. Oh, you catch me in. Oh my god. I'm tired of trying to be okay. I'll pray all the prayers I have to pray. Please don't leave me lonely. My God, I did it all. My God, I'm losing all the hope. I got on. We all want to be a lost of joy, but I can't let go. You catch me when I fall. You catch me when I fall. You catch me when I fall. Amen. So glad that we have a God that will catch us when we fall. Amen. Amen. As we turn it to our pastor now, can we sing that song? Stand still. See God move. Stand still. Can we stand and sing this together now? Stand still and let God move. standing still. It's hard to do. When it feels you have reached the end, he'll make way for you. Stand still and let God move. Can we sing it again now? Oh, stand still and let God move. Standing still [Music] is [Music] &gt;&gt; you are free. [Music] Stand still &gt;&gt; and let go. Oh, let's sing it again. Oh, stand still and let God stand. It's hard to do &gt;&gt; when it seems you have reached the end. &gt;&gt; Stand still &gt;&gt; and let God move. Amen. Amen. Amen. Stand still and let God move. Amen. I think that's a good idea. Amen. Stand still. Know that I am God. Amen. We serve a supernatural God. And the supernatural, you can't comprehend it with a with your natural mind. Amen. But it requires a a a a stepping back. Amen. Letting God do his work and see the results of the supernatural God. Amen. God bless you. It's good to see everyone in the house of the Lord today. Amen. So good to see uh so many of our old friends with us here here today. And you can be seated if you want to. And um uh we we're just u uh delighted to just have everyone that is here. Um uh I see uh Peggy, Sister Peggy back here in the back. And we haven't seen Sister Peggy in uh when I first came to Pawne when I was a boy and um uh we were you know uh just starting the church and and everything. Sister Peggy was our song leader and uh and so uh she played the piano and and led our our songs and um uh it is so I don't know I don't know how old uh Sister Peggy is but uh 75ish 83 I know you're not supposed to tell a lady's age but 83 years sold. And so, uh, uh, we're just I when I when I look back there, I thought, "Oh my goodness." So, so, so good to see you, Sister Peggy. And, uh, Brother Ronnie, Sister Linda. Amen. I tell you, it's uh, it's just good to see old friends and and and um, you know, we've uh, we're we're just blessed. and brother and sister Applegate. Uh we they you know they've they've probably known me uh besides my mother uh they've probably known me more longer than than uh than anyone else in the building. Um Sister Applegate uh remembers when I was just a kid. And so uh who would have thought that all these years later that that brother and sister Applegate would come to church uh here. And so we've been we've been so blessed to have them over the years. And um uh but her her oldest brother, younger brother uh this is this is brother Wall-E and uh his friend uh his wife Kathy that is with us. And he's been telling me for a long time that he was going to try to come over here someday. Now, they are they they drove two hours to get over here this morning. And uh Wally, I'm just so glad to see you. And then his daughter Teresa uh is here as well. And uh so we just say God bless all of you. And u uh just just really really wonderful. Uh we've uh you know I as I say I've I've always loved sister uh Applegate. We've uh I mean she she saved me when I was a little kid and and uh and grown up and they're from around the uh Henrietta area and u and then uh and it and it's and it's sort of a sad day in a way. Um, Brother Joe and Sister Stephanie uh are are are moving. They're they're moving to Louisiana. And um this will be the last service that Joe and Stephanie is here with us. And um so uh at the end of the service, we're going to be sending them off and and uh and so uh it's it's mixed emotions right now. U what God's done in Joe and Stephanie's life and and brought them from and and and these last years have just went by so quick. almost 10 years ago when the Lord saved them both from heroin addictions. They were they were in such incredible uh state of mind and body and soul. God saved them and has been they've been such a blessing to us here at the church and and so they will be moving on. uh they're moving to Louisiana and uh hey they're only seven eight hours away so it's not like well it is sort of like they're moving to another country. it's Louisiana, but uh but we pray God's blessings upon them and and we want them uh to feel uh you know that that we are we're behind them and supporting them in their in in their efforts and and uh they'll always be a part of us. And uh I'm just glad that God used our little church here to uh to have a a part in their lives and and what a testimony they are to the kingdom of God. And um and so we're, you know, we're just we're just so much blessed. We're blessed to have this other this this other uh brother there in the back uh to come and visit us. God bless you. Just just just glad to have uh everyone. We're missing a few here this morning, but we're glad to have everyone that is here this morning. And then uh we we had a surprise this morning. Brother uh brother Timothy Miller, who is uh a pastor of the No House of Prayer in in Noel, Missouri. He and his family uh uh showed up this morning. And so, Brother So, Brother Timothy Miller is going to be uh ministering this morning. He's going to be bringing the word and so we've got him in the back uh uh preparing and and uh we're fixing to have him to come out. So, it's just going to be a wonderful service. I believe God does everything perfect. Amen. Amen. And so, um, as we get ready, I've I've learned to I've got a new song that I might sing that this morning. Do we have time? &gt;&gt; We'll sing this song and then as we get ready for our brother, I put this at her just in case. Don't have as good a memory as I used to. When it was dark in my heart, you gave life to me. A child of darkness became a child of light. When my soul was so dry and I needed rain [Music] of life, you became to me. You can turn my guitar up a little bit. I am. I am. You said to me, I am alpha. I am omega. The in between. I I am I. You said to me, "I'll be what it takes to meet your need. You were the widow's cruise of oil and holy light me. You were the fourth man in the fire. A shepherd for the sheep and in the messed it. [Music] All right, let's try it again. You were the widow's cruise of oil and oh Elijah's me. You were the shelter for old Noah a shepherd for the sheep and in the fire. You were the fourth man and a cloud by day, a fire by night to lead your children in the way. I am I am. You said to me, I am Alpha. I am Omega, the in between. I am I am. You said to me, I'll be what it takes to meet your need. I'll be what it takes to meet your needs. [Music] Aren't you glad for that? He'll be what it takes. And I don't know what your need is here this morning, but the Lord loves his people and he's got a purpose for everything. And I believe God's got uh he's he's our needmaker. As the man of God comes, why don't we just stand to our feet here today. Oh, how see what key do we do that in? [Music] Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. God for he [Music] of you and oh how he loves me. Oh how he loves you and me. [Music] Amen. And aren't you thankful for the love of God? &gt;&gt; Aren't you thankful that we have an understanding? We live in a world that that love is a word that has been so twisted and so the meaning of it is lost. People don't know what it means when you say I love you anymore to where if you would tell a stranger in public I love you, you would feel very awkward. They would too maybe. Why? Because the word has been twisted. It's been it's been defiled. But we know that there's a pure and a true love that the father has for us. That that when we go back and we read the Old Testament laws and they seem so strange and so foreign to us, we understand that it was given through such a love. It wasn't just some kind of a challenge to him to to try to set him up for failure or something, but it was a love that God had for his people that he gave them the law, but he knew that there would have to take something greater than that to bring us salvation. And I'm glad that we have that today. Amen. &gt;&gt; I just like to say it's it's an honor to be here and uh just I'm not very good at sneaking, but I managed to sneak in and I thought I'd pulled it off, but uh I didn't didn't quite make it. So anyways, but I just have to believe that it was of God and that that he can you move me out of the way. And just to see a lot of old friends we just go way back with about everyone here. And brother Jimmy, me and him used to used to work out in the hot sun together and and slap stucco mud on the walls and the ceilings and and uh when we first got married, it's been coming up on 20 years ago. We we lived over there and and met them and it was just wonderful times and we we uh I enjoyed working with him. Good memories and good that it's memories, too. Well, we're not still doing that, brother Jimmy. But uh the the fellowship was good whether the work was pleasant or not. And so that made it a lot more pleasant. So we'll let the musicians go to their seats and if you turn with me to uh John chapter 5, we'll read our text and I might just give a little testimony before we get into the the word. But um just thank brother Wendell and the opportunity and the confidence that he has. I just pray that every person here will take a blessing and and I know if you come expecting then you will. &gt;&gt; We we had a man come to uh pick up a dog from 10 a couple of dogs from 10 hours away and uh he was going to come to our house and I said well Stephen I said we just had another brother call from Carolas and he was coming our way so we decided to have a Wednesday night service that we didn't normally have and uh so I told him I said well tell him we're having a service Wednesday night and if he wants to come Wednesday instead of Tuesday then I'll put him up in a room I thought he'll No, he jumped on it. He said, "Oh, yeah, that sounds good." I got to the church that evening and he was sitting in the parking lot and I introduced myself and and uh we talked a little bit and I said, "Well, I hope you take away a blessing tonight." He said, "Oh, I will." And I was just blown away. I thought, "What? Who goes to a church they've never heard of? They don't know a thing in the world about it. They don't know what they they don't know nothing." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But comes in and says, "Oh, I will." That man was expecting. I told the church, I said, "Well, if nobody else here gets a blessing tonight, that brother right there is going to get one because he come expecting and he wasn't coing, well, I don't know. What do y'all believe about this? How do y'all see this? And what do you think about this scripture?" You know, all full of questions and and doubts. He come expecting and and he went away blessed. And so anyways, I'll I'll stop talking and uh let's just have a word of prayer, then we'll read the text. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before you this morning, Lord, and we bow our hearts to you, Lord. God, this song says, "I am weak, thou art strong, Lord." And we know that perfect strength comes through perfect weakness, Lord. So, just let me lay myself aside, Lord, that you can come and you can speak to these people, Lord. And God, you heard the conversations, Lord, that they had on the way to church this morning, Lord. And you heard the questions that's in their hearts, Lord. the things that they didn't say, Lord. And God, you are the discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart, Lord. And God, I have no discernment of myself. But Lord, I know that you are still more than able to speak to every person here, Lord, from the eldest to the youngest, from the newest Christian to the most seasoned veteran. Lord, I lift your people up to you. And I ask you, Lord, guard my lips lest I should speak an offense. Father, we just love you and praise you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. John 5:es 19 and 20. It says, "Then answered Jesus and said unto them, verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do. For what things soever he doeth these things also, these also doeth the Son likewise. For the Father loveth the Son, and showeth him all things that himself doeth, and he will show him greater works than these, that ye may marvel. Amen. You can have your seats. Before we go into the the scripture again, I just share a little testimony. And uh again, we've been my wife and I well 20 years ago, we had just met and was getting to know each other and and uh I told her I said, "I'm not going to waste time and dating and stuff." I said, "I'm looking for a wife. If you're looking for a husband, let's talk. If you don't if if you don't uh if you're not interested in me, you just let me know and we'll move on. And if you're not the type for me, then I'll let you know and we'll move on. That way we don't get all caught up in in emotional attachments and get hurt or something because I I'd kind of done that already and I was over that. So, um, we we uh met in June and got married in February, 20 years ago. This this February. So, we just barely got to know each other. 20 years ago. But the doctor told us that we wouldn't be able to have kids without his help. and and he just elevated himself a little bit too high. And we said, "Well, we can't use a doctor that won't allow God to to be his uh his his help. If he's not leaning on God, he leaned on himself. Then what? We need to move on." So, we did. And uh well, you see, Stephen was up here and Lydia sang a special this morning. And then Jonathan um he's kind of shy when it comes to getting up in public when he decides to be. So, uh he's He's either all or nothing, you know, he's So anyways, it was 10 years between him and Lydia, but uh they were miracles and we're thankful thankful. We did 2012. We uh God had given us a uh vision or a dream or something before the children were born and my wife had seen a boy and a girl and we Jesus was there at our home and we kept watching for this fulfillment. thought we was going to buy a house and just it would all play out and had our minds made up. And it wasn't until it was all played out and done and we looked back on it that we realized the significance of what God had shown her. And it wasn't it it seemed like the the setting was just such a time of peace. But in reality, 2012 was just the worst of our life. We look back and realize that Christ had let us know he was there with us. &gt;&gt; He wasn't troubled. He wasn't upset. &gt;&gt; But I actually come to a place that Satan just had me down by the throat. I really felt like there was no hope for my family. Never amount to nothing. We never make it anywhere. So when they sing and they testify and so forth, it &gt;&gt; it means something to me &gt;&gt; to see what God can do &gt;&gt; when Satan has told you lies. &gt;&gt; And that's all that he can't do is he's a liar, the father of lies. So, if Satan's lying to you this morning, if there's a I'll tell you this. If if you take the scriptures, even you take this Bible right here, the word of God, and a scripture comes to you and it brings you down and it it brings discouragement, it brings hopelessness, it's Satan &gt;&gt; and it is a wrong inspiration. Now, it can bring conviction. It can it can tear the height off of you, &gt;&gt; but it's not going to push you down. It's not going to make you feel hopeless. &gt;&gt; It's not going to discourage you. If you're being discouraged, you need to get into the right inspiration and the channel of the Holy Ghost because this word will lift you up. &gt;&gt; When it tears a hide off of you, you'll you'll feel closer to God than you did before. And so uh just be careful that because Satan loves this word to try to use it and distort it and pervert it. And really what we find out is that when the one word has been changed or the inspiration spoken wrong, then it actually is no longer Christ's word, but it's the antichrist. &gt;&gt; And so we've got to watch that very closely. Pay attention to that. And his sheep know his voice, though. So that's why it's essential that we have the baptism of the Holy Ghost because it says he will show teach us all things and show us things to come. &gt;&gt; And so we'll get into that a little bit more later if if the Lord will. But we'd like to look at this scripture now that we've read and uh for a title that just thus sayeth the Lord or keep still. And and when we say when when you read that quote or you hear that word and you you think of that, I I know that it it seems like maybe it's just me, but you just kind of easy to get kind of a a swelled feeling like, you know, you're throw your chest out and like really? Wow. Thus sayeth the Lord or keep still. And I think of of a child when they hear about the genie and the lamp and you you rub the lamp, the genie comes out and when you hear that story, it sparks your imagination. And probably everybody here or most of us anyways has has had those thoughts, you know, man, I would I would wish for this. And boy, they just just dream about what would life be like if that happened. And I was able to to wish and you know, depending on your age and where you're at in life and so forth, you know, for when you're little, you know, it's all the ice cream you could ever eat, &gt;&gt; all the candy you could ever want, endless deal of soda, and now you got your three wishes, and you're just just wish yourself to death. and you get a little bit older and it's it's the sports car and it's the it's the uh you know the for the girls, you know, I don't know what girls like when they're because I never was a girl. I had three sisters, but you know, it's uh whatever the girls long for, you know, the young was like the baby dolls. um you know for my daughter it it might still be the sports car you know but uh anyways you know so you're you think of these things &gt;&gt; and you you just dream about imagine I share a little story it's kind of humorous but uh I worked in a little lumber yard and we heard a lot of stories and people coming through and and a man told us one time that his neighbor had come in and they was good buddies supposed to be you might question it after this story but uh he had come by and asked him he said uh can you get the lottery numbers for me from on the TV when they show him and and write them down cuz I'm going to be gone. I won't be able to get them. And he said, "Well, sure." So, the guy leaves and he goes over to his neighbor's house and he finds his ticket and he writes down all his numbers on the paper. He goes back home and the his buddy comes home and and he says, "Uh, you got them numbers?" He said, "Yeah, here you go." Boy, he comes back. He knocks on the door and he's just like trembling. He's white. He's he's just beside himself. You ain't going to believe this. I I just won so many million dollars. Every every one of these numbers matches. And man, when he told me that story, I just thought that's about as low as you could you could think to trick somebody. You just know all the way back from his house to his buddy's house, his brain was just 90 to nothing, just spinning. His life had just been transformed. It had been changed. Every care was gone. Everything was, what was he going to do with all this money? And then his buddy just sat there laughing, "No, you didn't." He's like, "Yes, all the numbers match. All the numbers match." And he said, "No, you didn't." And then it hit him what had happened. You dirty dog. Like I said, it's a little humorous, but man, just you think about those things. You think about, man, what would that be like, you know, to all of a sudden you legitimately in your mind you are now in possession of hund00 million dollars, you know? I mean, it just it's lifechanging. It's it it takes all the cares and everything away. But when I think about those things for myself and home, I got a little mirror that we finally got put up on the pull pit and and some of these things I just pick up my mirror and preach to myself and say, you know, for myself, when I think about these things and I begin to to ask myself, do I believe this word? Okay. &gt;&gt; When I think about the peace and the the satisfaction and the the the cares all gone, I mean, just what it would mean to me, how it would change my life for for $100 million just to be set at my possession and what I could do with it and all that. And just, you know, and then I think, well, wait a minute. Do I really believe what I read in this word? because there's so much greater &gt;&gt; than $100 million &gt;&gt; is promised to the believer. &gt;&gt; But yet it's so easy sometimes to sit at home and to to just, you know, when when no one else is around and we haven't been to church in a couple of days and and whatever in the morning in the heat and the trials and it's so easy to hear the voice of Satan whispering these things, you know, that oh, you know, well, what about this and what about that and what about this and what about that? and it searched to way on us &gt;&gt; and we think well thus sayeth the Lord or we keep still again you know but I I wonder if it's maybe that Hollywood has put painted pictures in our mind these little stories that seem innocent you know the the genie and all this it it's it's it's it poisoned our minds a little bit to where we really struggle it's just a fairy tale to us we really don't quite have a a fullblown revelation. Maybe that's not a good way to say it, but a good a revelated faith in the word of God. &gt;&gt; Now, the Bible says we've all got faith. &gt;&gt; But in Revelations, there was a mighty angel that came down and he said there was an open book in his hand and and he said to the angel on the earth, he said, "Take this book, John, and eat it." &gt;&gt; The open book. This book was open. Now, what honestly I never really understood that what does it mean to be an open book until I got around other people that we fellowship around the word and they didn't see it and everything you give them. They say, "Well, well, that was for another day. That was for the apostles." I'll tell you what he told the apostles. I go to prepare a place for you. Are you going to pawn that to the apostles, &gt;&gt; brother? Was that just for them? &gt;&gt; Why do we take that one and just scrap the rest of them? &gt;&gt; That was for another day. That was for me. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm thankful for the bride of Jesus Christ. She's been taught in this day that every scripture from Genesis through Revelation, every word, as the Bible says is given by inspiration is profitable. &gt;&gt; So, it's valuable to me. &gt;&gt; I got to thinking recently and I get a little bit scattered. So, bear with me. Hold on. We'll try to tie all of it together. I won't leave you hanging too bad. But I got to think about that the other day about the where it says the mixed garments, the wool, the I should not mix woolen and linen and so forth. And I thought, man, we couldn't ever possibly really go back and and and live and and wear garments like that describes. It'd be almost impossible. But but that scripture has a meaning to me. What what does that scripture mean to me? How can I apply that to my life? &gt;&gt; And I thought, well, first of all, I know we all know that God doesn't like mixed things. He doesn't like mixing different things. But then it hit me, you know, that this was written again by the God who created the heavens and the earth, the God who spoke the universe, the God who has wisdom that is is far beyond anything that Elon Musk could ever dream of having &gt;&gt; or anybody else has ever walked. There's no man that could ever come close to touching the wisdom of God. and he said this &gt;&gt; and now because we don't understand it we laugh and scoff and just discard it and say well you know that don't mean nothing to me there's a value to that &gt;&gt; that still to this day I believe it would be the best way to do it if we never got away from that we'd be better off I believe that you don't have to agree with me that's just what I believe because that's what God said but then begin to think about that these you know that the Sabbath is no longer a Saturday that we observe and we don't work and all these things. We still consecrate Sunday to the Lord. We still give him a day of the week and and I personally try to um to reverence on Sunday and and and consecrate to that to the Lord, not out of Sabbath because he is the Sabbath. So, it's a spiritual arrest for the believer. &gt;&gt; But what if we apply that spiritually? The bride is dressed in what? His word. So in the spiritual world, in the in the spirit realm, we have got to be dressed in the word and it cannot be a mixed dress. &gt;&gt; But I got to thinking about that scripture and I just about got shouting just thinking about that scripture about a mixed garment. &gt;&gt; I thought, man, that's that's something. It is still valid. There is still something there for me. &gt;&gt; I don't want nothing mixed with the word of God to to be my covering. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So again, we say, "Thus sayith the Lord," or "Keep still." And when we get that that that little thought, you know, what would we do if we had thus sayith the Lord? What would we do if we just, you know, basically like a magic wand or something where we could just walk around? And I want to look at that a little bit this morning. The scripture said that Jesus answered and said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do." So, if we think somehow that we're greater than Jesus and we could just go out, you know, because it's easy to get the thought, well, you know, first off, let's go to the bar. We're going to take the bars out now. We're we got thus sayeth the Lord. We're we're headed straight for the bars. We're going to wipe out the hospitals. We're gonna we're gonna, you know, this this this battle's gone and this struggle's gone and this addiction and this temptation gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. Why didn't God do that already? He don't need us to do that. He could have done that a long time ago. Why didn't he do that? Because that's not his plan. First off, we're free moral agents. &gt;&gt; So to think that, you know, that that it's all you take it too far to free will or something. No, you got to have the balance because you got to understand this mess is not from the the predestination. The mess we're in is from the free will &gt;&gt; because God's given us free will. So, we have a will and we have a choice and we have a responsibility to make a choice &gt;&gt; and it's our choices has created the mess that we live in. &gt;&gt; This world and his condition is is here by the free will of man. And so, if God just wanted to obliterate all evil, he would have done it already. It's not the time for that. So if we've got if if we've got the think the thought in our mind that we've got this power that we're just going to go we're going to go com and we're going to we got to stop and remember if if Jesus himself said the son can do nothing but what he seeth the father do for whatsoever he doeth these things these also doeth the son likewise. Well you say well you know that Jesus was God himself. So he had something that we don't have and and so he could do things and he could see things and he could you know like he was some greater power than us. Well, but he has given his power into the church. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; And remember he is the word. The angel gave the book and said eat the book. And then this come to me the other day I began to think you know it's easy to get a thought that that book has been eaten. Now John took the book from the angel. He ate it. So that's been fulfilled. But John represented every one of us here this morning. &gt;&gt; The eating of the book is not over. &gt;&gt; So are we just in a grazing stage now where we we walk by and just get a little bit here and there? &gt;&gt; It's not going to work very well because if if he didn't do anything until the father had showed him, how did the father show him? Well, if you go back and check, when he would tell his disciples the things that were going to come of him, the way that he was going to be beaten and the things the the the death that he would die and so forth, he would tell his disciples these things and they never could quite catch it. Why? Because the Holy Ghost wasn't there to quicken it to him yet. So, they didn't understand it. All fulfilled just as he had told them. Where did he get that information? Was this just a connection with God that God was showing him all these things and telling him these things and we don't have that so we can't do as he did? No. He got it from the word. &gt;&gt; He searched the scriptures and he found himself because he took in there and he said he found where it was written. &gt;&gt; So he knew in the scriptures what would come of him. So it it was shown to him through the scriptures. So, we have the opportunity to search the scriptures, find oursel in the scriptures. You know, I've read the Bible through 10 times and I've never, but go back and seek the Lord and let him open these things up to you because he will, as he said, he will teach you all things and show you things to come. It doesn't mean you need to have a vision or you need somebody to come and give you a supernatural word from the Lord. And we put all these things out of reach. We don't. Satan does. He wants these things to be out of our reach up here somewhere. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, God did this and God did that, but God defeated Satan with it is written. &gt;&gt; It's not out of our reach. &gt;&gt; You want a greater arsenal of weapons, get a greater arsenal of scriptures. &gt;&gt; You You want more You want more to fight with, go back and eat more of the book. &gt;&gt; And so, I'm I'm guilty. Here's my I need that mirror again because I I I obviously eat But have I been eaten? &gt;&gt; And I realize there's a problem here. I haven't been eating. Feasting. We can we can feast on this. &gt;&gt; This is from too much feasting in the natural. The feast in the spiritual though will produce a a a revelation. It's not just a knowledge. It can't just be a a head knowledge that comes from reading this book and knowing all the scriptures. Again, it's got to be the inspiration that comes that brings the revelation. And that revelation shows us the things to come. It will show us before it happens and we realize, hey, you know what? There's something coming here, God speaking to our heart and showing us things through the word says, notice the harmony of the father and the son. Jesus never did anything until it was first showed him by the father. St. John 5:19. This harmony now exists between the groom and his bride. Yeah, it's easy to kind of get the attitude. Well, what good is it to have a spoken word if if be able to speak things if can't use it? Who said you can't use it? &gt;&gt; You ever had a little thought like that? Well, oh, yeah, that's good. But then if we can do nothing until Jesus shows us, well, good. No, that's the childish mentality. You watch a child, you know, well, I want to drive, Dad. I want to drive. Well, you can sit in my lap and I'll I'll let you steer. Never mind. They want to drive. They want full control of the vehicle. &gt;&gt; But you can't have that yet. You're not there yet. You know, I I I in my flesh, you know, I'm thinking, you know, I'm going to speak the word and I'm going to have power over unclean spirit. I'm going to have power in it. He says, "Well, first exercise the power to put your fork down and quit eating so much and and get the natural man in check." You say, "Well, that's kind of no." Do we have power? We have power then. And I believe that I can have power that I can put this body in subjection. &gt;&gt; And things like that that we can that we have the we let's exercise the power on the little things. &gt;&gt; You know, if if you're a teenager here this morning and you want to drive dad's truck and he's kind of being a little obstinent about it or stubborn or uh resistant, he don't quite want you back there yet. Go clean your room. Pick up the candy wrappers out of the floor. I'm telling you, you can you can talk all day long and try to convince him and he walks into your room and and trips on something or steps on his flashlight or whatever you left in the floor. He ain't want you behind the wheel. &gt;&gt; And you say, "What's that got to do? I can drive the truck. It don't matter." So, I forgot to put his flashlight away or his tools or whatever you borrowed from dad that you left in in the yard and he hit it with the mower or whatever. What's that? That don't got nothing to do with me driving. It's responsibility. &gt;&gt; If you ain't going to take care of a $5 flashlight or a $100 flashlight or a $500, whatever. You don't need to be behind the wheel &gt;&gt; because it takes attention to detail. &gt;&gt; And God has wisdom and he knows these things. And so he knows that, you know, we he he's watching our daily conduct. You know, when when we spill something at the restaurant and it dumps all over the place or at the house by ourselves, we get our cup of coffee and we sit down and we bump it and knock it over. And do we have that much power? &gt;&gt; Have we come that high in the word that we have the power to to thus sayith the Lord or we keep still? We just keep still. We say, you know, that's just the devil. We'll just resist and say, Satan, you ain't going to get me frustrated over a silly cup of coffee. Are we that far in the word? We got that that kind of power. We was here at the meetings one year and and my little boy boy, he just likes to dump stuff out sometimes. He kind of got past it a little bit now, but you know, he get a bottle of water and take the lid off of it and just dump the whole thing out for no reason. And so we was getting ready to try to head home and and sometimes I struggle when it's been a long weekend especially, but I I just sometimes I really struggle with driving long distances and uh just getting sleepy. And so I was like, let's let's get on the road. I'd like to get on home before it gets late. And so it's kind of struggling trying to get everybody rounded up. You know how it is. And and lo and behold, I get in the car and everybody's ready to go and and water bottle dumping in the floor. And I jumped out and I started get frustrated and I I kind of got a little, you know, composure there, regained it. But but that started speaking to me on the way home and I thought, you know, there's power in the word of God. Power to control that part of nature. Where's the power in my life to control that? My my emotions, &gt;&gt; these little things. &gt;&gt; I began to realize recently as I, you know, was thinking about our reaction to other people. And I began to realize in the scripture, there's no scripture given on a retaliation and and getting back at someone. Every scripture is always love them, pray for them, be kind to them, turn the other cheek. &gt;&gt; None of that. So, we want thus sayith the Lord or we're going to keep still. So, when it comes to what am I going to do about what this person did to me, we need thus sayith the Lord. Here it is. &gt;&gt; We don't need a supernatural voice to speak to us and say here's what you need to do now. We need to go back to the Bible. Here's the thus sayith the Lord. This is thus sayith the Lord right here. &gt;&gt; What does it say to do about this? &gt;&gt; How should I handle this situation with this person? Go back. Thus say the Lord. It's right here. This harmony now exists between the groom and the bride. He shows her his word of life. She receives it. She never doubts it. Therefore, nothing can harm her, not even death. Again, now we're thinking about this like this is something that we literally possess. This is not something that is just out there somewhere. You know, there there's a a lottery ticket that's available. maybe we can buy it and hope that we could win it or something. It's not like that. No, this is literal possession for the believers. &gt;&gt; Amen. We need that revelation &gt;&gt; because just like the thought of having that money, if we had that kind of money, what and what it would change our life, if we catch a revelation of who we are &gt;&gt; and and how that we don't have to go around frustrated all the time and discouraged and upset and and and we can live a happy overcoming Christian life and and it's going to change our life. The problem is we want to control it through the flesh. &gt;&gt; And the flesh wants the circumstance to go away. &gt;&gt; We want to change that circumstance. But there's another person inside of us. And and when you really study the Bible out, if you're applying everything to the flesh, you're going to get in trouble &gt;&gt; because it doesn't apply to the flesh. It applies to the spirit. You read Romans 8:28. It says, "All things work together for the good to them who are called and those who love the Lord." And I'm quoting it wrong, but &gt;&gt; that doesn't mean the flesh. &gt;&gt; When you apply that to the flesh, then you're going to go do a good deed. And this is a way that Hollywood paints the picture. &gt;&gt; They paint the picture that, oh, you go give somebody $10 because you feel sorry for them and they need money and somebody else going to turn around give you 10,000. You say, "Why are you talking about money?" Because it's so relatable. It's so relatable. You You get them image of money in your mind. It it it it makes you think. We all everybody here, we all relate with money. And so that's the picture that's painted. It goes back to the flesh. A fleshly blessing comes. You give a little fleshly, you get a little fleshing back. But what if we give our $10 and then somebody just comes screaming in our face, shaking their finger from the church. Well, now you're in revival. Actually, you say, "Why would my flesh have revival?" No, the flesh isn't going to have revival. But the spirit man has a revelation that brings revival. And the Bible says when they go to point their finger in your face and shout to you for something you did, whatever, you can jump and run and shout and dance and have a revival because you're blessed of the Lord. &gt;&gt; You say, "Now that's farfetched. Let's just read. It's not my notes, but let's go to it." &gt;&gt; Turn with me real quick to Luke 7, Luke 6, six or seven. We'll find it. And now we we don't need a piano. We don't need organ. We don't need a guitar, drums, none of that to have revival. Although those are nice and I really the again the flesh likes the ones that got all those things involved. But the spirit man can have the revival of this of the word here. &gt;&gt; And so it's word revival. We want a word revival, right? &gt;&gt; So let's see. All right. Let's start with verse 20. 620. Luke 6:20. He lifted up his eyes on his disciples and said, "Blessed are the ye poor, for yours is the kingdom of God." Well, the flesh isn't really excited about that, is it? But we can take consolation. We don't have a lot of money. So, hey, he did at least say we're blessed. So, you know, blessed are you that hunger, for now you shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep, for you shall laugh. Okay, that's comforting. That's all right, right? Blessed, but that's not the revival yet. Blessed are ye when men shall hate you and when they shall separate you from their company. You're in their company. This isn't strangers on the road that you don't know. Those are the ones that are pretty easy. Like, what's that guy's problem, man? It wasn't me because he don't even know me. But this is people in your company. Blessed are ye when men shall hate you, and when you shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast your name as evil for the son of man's sake. This don't sound like a good blessing to me, but the flesh is getting in the way. &gt;&gt; The spirit says, "That's thus sayeth the Lord." Okay. &gt;&gt; Rejoice in that day and leap for joy. For behold, your reward is great in heaven. For in like manner did their their fathers unto the prophets. The problem is we we look at that and we say, "Well, this, you know, the prophets, they were out preaching the gospel. They were out doing great mighty works for God. They were out doing these wonderful things and and that's why people got upset with them." And so that was for righteousness sake. This person is just upset because I took their parking spot at the church and I didn't even mean to do it. I was running late. All right. &gt;&gt; This isn't spiritual at all, &gt;&gt; but is it? Is it? &gt;&gt; Go back and look what Jesus did. He went and healed a man that was had a withered arm and he healed him. And that boy, that that's the revival right there, right? We can shout, "This guy's been withered up for years, been a Christian all his life, went to church, and the the priests were so dead, they couldn't help him. They had the word that was sent to heal him, but they wasn't using it, right? because it wasn't healing him. But Jesus comes along and knows how to use the word and he gives them the word and it heals him and they what do they want to destroy him? He wasn't out preaching, evangelizing, condemning them. He didn't have the whip in his hand. He wasn't out there chasing them and saying, "You sinners, get back here and repent. I'm going to He healed a man's withered hand and it said he they wanted to destroy him." So just understand this that Satan knows who you are and where you belong and he's going to bring an attack from any way that he can. So when somebody when you get under attack and you realize somebody's persecuting you, you can say, you know what, that person may be my brother. So I can't say that, you know, well, this is the enemy. He's not the Again, we're go back into the flesh and the spirit. This is their flesh, but it's the in the spirit realm. is bringing an attack &gt;&gt; against your flesh. &gt;&gt; But in the spirit realm, it's because you are a Christian and because you are one of his that that there's an attack that's coming. You can rejoice. Now you're in revival. &gt;&gt; So the next time somebody starts that, just start shouting. Say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. What's your problem? I'm trying to tell you how you did me wrong." And you're Well, the Bible says to shout and rejoice and dance. See, it's thus sayith the Lord. This is not the way we think of thus sayith the Lord, is it? &gt;&gt; Again, we got that Hollywood picture. We're out here bristled up. We're going to defeat all these devils. &gt;&gt; But we need to go home and look in the mirror and say, you know, I know there's all these things that I don't like about myself. I got that kind of power. Lord, let's work on this guy here first. Because the thing is is when we can yield ourselves and we we get into a fellowship with Christ and we're really surrendered, he'll speak more to us. &gt;&gt; He'll speak more to us. When if we're if we're focused on this and that and our attention is not on him like it should be and our our fellowship is not in him like it should be, then he just has to kind of back off. &gt;&gt; You know, Peter began to sink, but when he asked the Lord, the Lord reached out and helped him. Sometimes God's just waiting on us to say, "Hey, I'm tired of fighting this on my own. I got resources here that I'm not using. &gt;&gt; Let's not going according to plan, my plan, flesh, what I had." But I believe that there's something here. The word for this uh see this harmony is now to exist between the groom and his bride. He shows her his word of life. She receives it. She never doubts it. Therefore, nothing can harm her. Now, you see, this is the thus sayeth the Lord that we're receiving when we're receiving that word into us. Now, if we're going to speak thus sayeth the Lord, we've got to have that word in us for it to come forth out of our lips. This isn't just some again some big supernatural show that God's going to put on for everybody where he just starts, you know, saying, "Hey, tell them this, tell them that, tell them this." It's something inside of the person already that that God has been honing, God has been shaping. God has been changing. The word has been in there. We've been receiving that word, becoming one with him. And then when he speaks, we're just so in love with him. Well, that's what he said. &gt;&gt; That's what he said. So that's what I'm going to say. That's his stand on it. So we're coming to a time that there's an ecumenical movement that's going to be a a a joining together, a uniting time, but it's not around the word. And the churches that are going to come together around their own creeds and dogmas and so forth, they're going to come together and they're going to persecute the bride, the one has received the true word and will not compromise on it. And there's going to be that persecution coming. And we're going to have to know these things. And we're going to have to have the Holy Spirit in there to recognize and to call out the false because people are looking for the the Antichrist as an opposite. You know, we're white. He's going to be black and dressed in black and a hood over his. No. No. Go back in Revelations. The Antichrist come out. He copied Jesus and he got him a white horse &gt;&gt; until almost deceived the very elect. &gt;&gt; But God said, "Now wait a minute. Look, is that really me? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Wait. No. And that's the same thing today. He's not going to come out here with a pitchfork and a and and and speaking evil, hateful things and all this stuff. &gt;&gt; He's going to come with the word. &gt;&gt; You know, it's interesting. I'm hearing that this new pope, American pope, is speaking about going back to the word and and cutting out some of these things that is is against the word that has come into the Catholic Church and kind of a revival and a restoration going on. But will he take every word? The bride has the mind of Christ for she knows what he wants done with the word. &gt;&gt; No, you've got to apply that to yourself. You've got to take that personally and say, you know what, this this isn't this isn't word for the ministers. This isn't word just for for a prophet or or for a the pastor or or just the men or something like that. know this is the word for these young ladies right here. &gt;&gt; So, well, how how can I know? &gt;&gt; Well, I think our problem is we're just very very busy nowadays. We got a lot of things to pull our minds and pull our attention and everything. We've got to recognize the value of of what is here and what we've been given and and get our minds back and change the channel and get it right back to the channel of the Holy Ghost. and and you look in the book of Acts and you think about, you know, how much time could they have spent on YouTube and Facebook and and all these other distractions and so forth and still went out and preached the gospel as they did. &gt;&gt; See, they they they notice the tongues and so forth in the book of Acts. They come out like drunk men staggering around. We try to copy that. They spoke in unknown tongues and they we try to copy that. Everybody understood in their own language. We want to copy that. We want to see all that stuff happen. But then they sat around and they dwelt on the word of God. They fellowshipped around the word of God. &gt;&gt; I believe it needs to be lifted back up. It needs to become more important to us. We've got to recognize the hour that we're living in. And and we're not going to find rapturing faith or thus sayeth the Lord through all these other things. It's got to be every word. The bride has a mind of Christ. For she knows what he wants done with the word. If you don't know, if you got questions about that, get your Bibles out and get real serious with God and say, "Lord, he said that I would know what you want done and how to use your word, and I don't really have that real clear in my mind. I need a revelation." It might cost you your fun times. It might cost you hanging out with your friends. It might cost you some things you really want to do, but are we going to live in the flesh? Are we going to pursue the spirit? &gt;&gt; She performs the command of the word in his name. For she has thus sayeth the Lord. Then the word is quickened by the spirit and it comes to pass like a seed that is planted and watered. It comes to full harvest serving its purpose. Those in the bride do only his will. So, it's not our thoughts about what all needs to be done here. We're going to go we're going to go out here and conquer something. It's just surrendering. Just surrendering, giving ourselves to the Lord, say, "Lord, whatever you want to do in my life today. You look and sometimes it's the most simple little thing." I was listening to a tape this morning. Brother Rand was saying that he went out in the woods and a mosquito come after him and just something spoke forth. He didn't rise up and roll this mosquito, I'm a son of God. What's he got no business? No, he just something spoke out of him. It really wasn't even him making a conscious effort. He just said, "There won't be a one bother me today." And there was mosquitoes everywhere and not another mosquito come and bother him. Simple little thing like that. Well, why would God waste his power on little nuisance things like, "Yeah, that'd be great. But we got much more important things." No, we've got to get in the channel of God and get into the mind of God. And then if he wants to speak to the mosquitoes, he can. He made the mosquitoes. Why did he make the mosquitoes? We think it's silly that he would speak to the mosquitoes. Why did he even make them? But he did. Why does he give them their breath? He did. God is sovereign. He does things the way that he wants to. And you look at David and Goliath and he chose a little boy to run out there with a sling and a stone. Go back into Acts and there was a king that rose up and he exalted himself and he just fell and crumpled in the floor dead and the worms ate him. You understand that David wasn't listening. The voice of the giant was so loud that it terrorized everybody out there. But David was listening to another voice that said, "Let there be light." &gt;&gt; And the voice that said, "Let there be light," was much greater than the voice that said, "I defy you." David had heard another voice. And that voice he knew was so much more powerful, so much more authority, so much greater than this voice that he was hearing. See, again, David had the word of God there, and he knew what God had said about him. If David had been out there playing on his phone, I don't think he'd have probably been so hot with Goliath. I I think we're we got distractions. I feel like that where Satan has tried everything. You look what he did with the Bible. The Bible was just has fought for so many years to keep the Bible out of the hands of the people. He did not want the people of the church to have the Bible. But he couldn't kill them off fast enough to keep the Bible out of their hands. &gt;&gt; So what'd he do? He's like, "Well, just forget this. Just give them all the Bibles they want until like the man, it was run over there and it was stinking in their noses and it was we've got Bibles laying around our house. Probably every house here has got Bibles laying around. You don't know what to do with it's too precious to go throw it away, but it's it's too old and and you can't really use it anymore. What do we do with it?" And we got it on our phones and our tablets and everywhere. So we're just over and what happens when that happens? It becomes common to us. &gt;&gt; You know, we can read it anytime we want to, anywhere we want to, any we can read the Bible. &gt;&gt; No other age had this. They had to go out of their way. They had to get out volumes of books to try to do the searches we can do in seconds. &gt;&gt; Even AI and all these different things that that has has come out. You can sit there and search the Bible with it and you can find scriptures you can't hardly find for nothing just in seconds. You understand? And I got books in my office where that was there when I got there. There just volumes of books that people used to have to get them all out and spread them across. You probably remember some of those times. I I remember even, you know, dad having concordances is looking things up in the concordances. They had to work. They had to get they had to set their sideside their time. They had to put an effort in. And now it's just effortless and and common to us. and oh, we treasure it, but it's just so available. Let's don't let it become common to us. It's still thus sayeth the Lord. It is the scripture. It's the holy word of God. It is the absolute. It's the only thing that's going to remain. Those in the bride do only his will. No one can make them do otherwise. They have thus sayeth the Lord, or they keep still. You know, I used to think about that. What does that mean? You know, thus sayeth the Lord, honey, I love you. Thus say the Lord, son, go the yard. It's just like, what is that supposed to mean? How how are we going to do that? Thus say the Lord, we keep still. And begin to realize, you know, they come and they say, well, you know, I really think that, you know, I don't really think it's as big an issue as people made over this that I don't think God really cares so much about the outside. He really is just looking at the inside. But we can't thus sayeth the Lord that you can't say thus sayith the Lord. I only care about the inside. Don't worry about the outside. You can't. You say thus sayith the Lord, those that love me keep my commandments. And then you realize that that you got the spirit of Christ in you and you say, well, I have the spirit of Christ. I are filled with the Holy Ghost and yet the commandments are just kind of okay with me. I don't, you know, it what's on the outside really isn't so important. Wait a minute. The outside is a reflection of the inside. And that's God reflecting that image on the outside. &gt;&gt; We know thus sayeth the Lord. We need to know God said &gt;&gt; that a woman ought not to wear a man garments that pertain to a man. That was his word. That's thus sayith the Lord. We can speak that. And they say, well, you know, I don't think this actually fits in that cate. Well, I'll just keep still. So, well, you know, when we when we you know, the church ought to be out doing this and that and Well, you know, the Bible says this, and to me, that's thus the the Lord. So, as far as that goes, you know, you want to do that, I'll just have to keep still. &gt;&gt; She knows that for it was not time yet for him to do certain things he must now do. But he will now fulfill through the bride that work which he left for a specific time. St. John 10:17 and 18 Jesus says, "Therefore doth my father love me because I lay down my life that I might take it up again. No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down. I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my father." Boy, we think about, you know, as Christians and having the Holy Spirit dwelling in us. And it's Christ and all that Christ was, he is in has poured into the believers. And these scriptures like this, we just, you know, they're they're they're very precious to us, very dear to us. They they comfort us through our hard times. They give us strength when we're weak. And and that's exactly what they're supposed to do. But sometimes it's easy to to overlook certain things. And and he said here, he said, "Because I lay down my life that I might take it up again." We appreciate that. Go. God laid down his life and everything, but he says, "I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it up again." And it's easy to grab that and say, you know, man, he had power to raise the dead. He could raise the dead. We have power in us to raise the dead. And that's exciting to the believer because we know that if if somebody, you know, Satan comes and he tries to take someone before their time, God will speak out, "Thus sayeth the Lord, that person's got to come back. We have power to take that life up again. But let's don't forget, he said, "I have power to lay it down." That's just as important as the power to take it up. Do we have the power to lay it down? We want the power to take it up, but we need the power to lay it down. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, go die so we can raise ourselves." No. Paul said he died daily. He had to die to the flesh. &gt;&gt; We need that power to lay it down. Again, we meet somebody on the parking lot and and they come and confronting us. Do we have the power to lay it down? When God begins to convict us of something in our life and and we've been serving the Lord all these years and I've never felt like this was wrong and preachers preached against it, but I could I never I never had a conviction against this, but now there's something at me and I'm struggling with it in there. Do you have power to lay your life down? I said, "Well, you you you can't show me that in the word, but where's your attitude coming from? What is that in you that's that's pushing against that? Is that God pushing against that? &gt;&gt; Examine the spirits and pay attention and do you have the power to lay that thing down and say, you know what, I've always done this and I've always felt checked and I never could write see it, you know, but something's convicting me on this. Something's telling me I ought to stop doing this or something tells me I really should be doing this. You got the power to lay it down because we got to have the power to lay it down if we want the power to take it up again. You see now that we cannot afford to say what the Bible has not said. When the scripture teaches us that the work of the Holy Spirit and the manifestations of the blessed person is to bring the truth of each age to the true seed of that age, then we know that the spirit has to be abiding in the person or he cannot receive the truth for that time. Amen. Because the the the Holy Spirit, you know, it it's the author of the book. &gt;&gt; And so if he's the author of the book, he's the only one that can be trusted to teach us the book. &gt;&gt; And so people now, you know, they say, "Well, you know, I don't need a prophet. I don't believe in no prophet, you know, and you guys are just in a cult and all this and and I got close friends that, you know, they kind of scoff at me and stuff and, well, you're just following a man." And it's like, well, okay, you need nobody but Christ, right? Well, what are you going to church for? Well, you wasting your time for it. Just go let God speak to you. But the Bible says to assemble yourselves together. So, how are you going to obey the word and and serve Christ and and not have any other man involved? &gt;&gt; We're going to reject all the other men. We just need Christ. Okay? So, let's don't listen to Luke anymore or Mark or Matthew or &gt;&gt; was that them or was that God? &gt;&gt; Is it your pastor or is it God? Well, we that have a revelation understand this word is God. &gt;&gt; So, what it really means when you boil it down, if you're walking down the road and there's some woman looks like a prostitute standing on the corner there and you look over and and you you take a second glance, you know, and she calls you out on it. You're supposed to be a Christian. You're acting like that. Well, the flesh wants to turn and just give her the word. We're got thus say the Lord. Lady, you're going to listen here right now. You're going to tell me about being a Christian. You're going to dress like that and stand on the corner and you're going to tell me that I'm not a Oh, you don't even understand. You don't even We're going to lay it down. We got to recognize that when she quotes the scripture and she says that if you look on a woman to lust and you've committed adultery in her heart and she tells you that, then you you have no choice but to say, you know what, that's the word of God. just because it come from her lips. All you can do is say, "You know what? You're absolutely right. That's the word of God. I am a Christian. And I have broken the word of God here. You're right. I had no right to do that. I'm sorry that I set a bad example before you. I'm sorry that I did not hold my position as a son of God. I made a mistake. and I'm sorry that you saw me make that mistake. Forgive me. Are you a Christian? You seem to know something about the word. Maybe that's an opportunity. But if we just want to sit there and throw her and tell her how bad she is to prove that we're okay, we're in the filthy rags that she's in. &gt;&gt; The word is the word. And it it doesn't matter where it comes from. When the word is spoken, we have to to recognize we're going to say amen. You was in the wrong spirit. I don't stand for that spirit, but I stand for that word. The spirit has to be abiding in that person or he cannot receive the truth for that time. Amen. That's exactly correct. We need that Holy Ghost inside of us to teach us these things in the scripture, his word. He will quicken it to our hearts. He will bring us the revelation of it and show us. Why? Why do people get so so defensive about spiritual revelation? I've talked to people and they just, oh, you can't, you know, spiritual revelation. Well, you know, I know this guy over here, he got this revelation and this guy got which one's right? The word. It's simple. It's the word, you know. Well, one got a revelation that it's it's free will and there's no need to, you know, to even read the word elect. We can just take that scripture out. That scripture is not even in there because it's not election. It's free will. He got that revelation and the other guy got a revelation. Well, there's no free will. There's it's all only in God's choosing. It's only an election. So, so you know, there's no need to even evangelize because it's all an election. Which one's right? The word. &gt;&gt; By fornowledge of your free will, God elected you before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; So, both of them have a little bit of truth and they're fighting each other with it instead of fighting the enemy and and getting before God and the Holy Spirit coming. So, the word is right. it wins again. &gt;&gt; But it takes the Holy Spirit to recognize the word and and and if we don't have spiritual revelation if we can't receive it spiritual revelation, then it's going to have to be our own interpretation. So, you're going to tell me that you're more reliable and understanding this word and translating it and and and then the Holy Spirit? I don't care how many false $100 bills they pass around. You'll still go out and throw them in the trash and go look for, you know, you you'll still receive a real one. It don't matter how many people come in the name of the Lord with this revelation and that revelation. There's still a true spirit revelation. It'll go back in Genesis. It'll line up perfectly. It'll come all the way over here in Revelation. It'll line up perfectly. &gt;&gt; It won't bring any contradictions. It'll bring unity all the way through the word. then you've got a real true revelation from God. That's what we have need of. And that's what he's saying here that that it it takes the spirit in that person to receive the truth. Now before we leave this subject, I want to make myself very clear on what the baptism of the Holy Ghost is according to the word. It is not according to me, is not according to you. It has to be according to thus sayeth the Lord or we are falsely led. Amen. So if they would have if if if if they could have understood this back years ago when they begin to go off into the tongues as a manifestation and so forth, if if they would have understood that well have thus said the Lord or we keep still and they say okay tonesues is the evidence they they spoke in tongues. Is it thus say the Lord? Well it says they spoke in tongues they received the Holy Ghost. But is it all the way through? Thus say the Lord. Paul said, "If I speak with tongues of men and angels and I have not charity, it's nothing." So indeed, we can speak with tongues of men and angels, it be nothing. So somewhere we have a problem. It can't be thus sayeth the Lord. And all these different doctrines, you know, well, you know, we're we we just we want to keep the word pure, so we're just going to get us a recorder. We're going to hit play. Thus sayith the Lord. No. No. I have thus say the Lord, preach the word. Paul told Timothy and I can put my name there more than one way. But he said, "Preach the word. Be instant." Instant. Where did that change? &gt;&gt; It didn't change in here. It didn't I can't find that in my Bible. It don't run all the way through. We need thus say the Lord. &gt;&gt; Genesis to Revelation all the way through. But in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us the same yesterday today and forever. This is what our judgment comes from the Bible. So let's solemnly believe every word. And I've said that genuine bornagain experience will punctuate every promise of God with amen. They won't try to say well that was for another day or that isn't for us. The Holy Ghost was for people back in another day. No. Peter said the day of Pentecost, "This promise is unto you, to your children, to them that's a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." You know, when you when you look at these things, again, we kind of hit on this a little bit, but when you really look at these things that they say, "Well, you know, that was for another day." And they they explain that away. I I heard some say, you know, that uh the the church ages, you know, it's to the church at at Ephesus. Well, don't you understand that this church was actually a literal church in Asia that was at Ephesus. That's not to us. That was to a church at Ephesus. You know, why are we trying to make something out of that? The church at Leodysia was not us. It was the church in Asia in Leodysia. These are literal churches, people. [Music] Romans. That was a literal church. Not to me. I'm not in the church at Rome. I'm not in the church at Corenth. I'm not in the church at at Galatia. We're here in 2025. So, you know, there illustration about the little boy that uh he come to his pastor and he would ask some questions about the Bible. And he said, "Well, son, son, do you have a Bible?" And he said, "Yeah." I said, "Right here." He said, "What? Wait a minute. Let me see that. That book's just about a thin. I've never seen a Bible that thin. There's hardly nothing to it. He said, "Look here, son. Look at my This is my Bible." He said, "This thing's huge." Like, look at it compared to yours. How can that be the Bible? And he said, "Oh, mine looked just like yours when I got it." He said, "But then you said that this wasn't wasn't any good anymore, and that wasn't any good anymore, so I just tore it out and this is what I got left." That's where we're at. Again, you know, if we want to say, "Well, that was that was Old Testament. That was that was Old Testament law. We got confidence in God or not? &gt;&gt; We got confidence in the one that created the heavens and the earth. &gt;&gt; Your car breaks down, would you drive it up to the dealership and and get get the guy that designed that car to come out there and talk to you and you tell them, "No, no, no, no, no. Listen, listen. No. I want to tell you something. We live in an age where that's that's about the case. You go to the doctor anymore. I wouldn't want to be a doctor today. Everybody that comes in there, they done googled everything. They know exactly what's wrong with them. All they want you to do is sit down in pull up a chair and listen. Doctor, I don't need you. I'll just tell you everything that's wrong and and what I Can you imagine that? You go to school, you learn all the medicine, all these things, and then you go in there and everybody's a know-it-all and everybody know. How would that be? What does God feel like when we we come up with these things? And the bride doesn't The bride doesn't do that. We But I'm thankful that we understand that from Genesis to Revelation is inspired word of God. Christ is the word. &gt;&gt; Christ is the word. If there's something in here, I've said it before, the genealogies. Well, I remember we was kids, we'd have devotions and we'd read through the Bible and we get to them genealogies. Oh Lord, it just seemed like it's so long. Which was the son of? And try to pronounce it. Which was the son of? And mom and dad wouldn't skip them. We read through them, which was the son of, you know, and and it just it seems like, you know, honestly, if we would just be real plain and honest, it's like, God, why did you put those in there? Did you just want to challenge our reading or But he's the God that spoke the worlds into existence. The solar system is my to my knowledge is the only perfect time piece we have. We cannot duplicate it. We cannot recreate something. The sun is a light that that that no one to this day I I this is my opinion. If if we could equal the sun, we would be destroyed. &gt;&gt; That's my thoughts. But he said, "Let there be light." And he put the sun in the in the sky. And to this day, man's greatest lights that we're just blows your mind to see the light nowadays. You go to the ball field or something and they got them big stadium lights up and you think, man, it's just as bright as day in here. It's just as bright. You can see everything. There's no It's just It's It's incredible. Go back in the day. Those lights that you couldn't look up. You see, oh my why are they got them things so bright, man? It's I tell you what, it's And you go in there in the day, you're like, I think they're on. Well, let's step over here and make sure. Yeah. Yeah, they're on. You ever think about that? What? The sun is so much brighter. The sun is so much more of a perfect light. Why? Because God knows what he's doing. God knows how to do those things. He knew the distance to set it away from the earth where it would it would, you know, but then I got enough confidence if he could do that, he can put genealogies in the Bible and when the spirit moves on someone, they can go into those genealogies and they can pull out an inspired sermon that can minister to your heart and you're like, "How did they do that? How did that, man? I've never seen that. I would have never thought that was pos. I ain't I can't do that this morning. I'm sorry. But they're there for a purpose. I heard a motivational speaker and they could come to the music, but I heard a motivational speaker. I think his name was Simon Synynic and and he was given an account of a trip that he took over to uh Middle East somewhere. And he didn't tell anybody he was going because it's so dangerous. it was a time of war in Afghanistan or somewhere where he went and uh he he went told him he was going to a certain part but he went on from there and went on over to to this country and it was very very dangerous and and uh so he was trying to do this in covert you know and not not let anybody know and he gets over there and and he said as soon as I get on the ground there's this missile siren's going off they had to take cover the whole time he's there it's this way and and so um then they get ready to try to leave and they can't get out of there. He has no cell phone service. Nobody knows where he's at. He can't, you know, he's just stuck. And it started getting to his head and he started thinking about all the the speeches that he's made, all the advice that he's given, all these things and and trying to incorporate all his principles that he's taught and how to deal with stress and how to to make it through these certain kind of circumstances and all these different things. but it's still getting to him. It's still something greater than all his psychology or whatever that's called could handle. And I thought, you know what, Lord? I would take one chapter of your Bible, one verse, even if it come from the genealogies before I would take the words of these men of the motivational speakers and all these things because that one verse or one chapter is the inspired, infallible word of God. And if I can put my faith in that verse, say, "Lord, I don't have a clue what it means. He can quicken that to my heart. He can give me strength through that verse, though it seems to this world like it shouldn't even be there. You know, there's people that look at the message and they say, "Well, you know, that was his opinion now, and that was, you know, everything he said was thus sayith the Lord." Or everything he said wasn't thus say. You got to know where his opinion is, and all you got to know. You need the Holy Ghost. You need the Holy Ghost because Paul said some things and he was he told us he said this is just my opinion. But you ever think about that when you go over and you read that the rest say I not the Lord. Okay. So we don't really I it's not vital. It's that was just Paul. Where do you read that at? Is it the word of God or not? Is it just Paul's idea or is it It made it in my Bible. Did Paul put it there or did he say this is just my thoughts on it? And God said, "Amen." Put it in there. This is my word too, Paul. That inspiration come from me, Paul. Then he said, "If any man thinks himself spiritual, let him wait." That don't mean just the parts that was inspired. That means every word of it. Because again, he said it was his thoughts, but it's in the word. So it's no longer just his thoughts on it. He said, "Well, you saying that every word in the message, every word, brother B said, no, I'm saying you need the Holy Ghost." And you try to read it in a carnal understanding. You take the scriptures, you'll get all tangled up. The flesh and blood doesn't have any way to to discern these things. It takes the spirit of Christ to bring these things to life to us. Amen. I pray that something was said and and and it would encourage you. [Applause] When he said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, as she keeps still," that doesn't mean that we're going to be some big super spiritual supernatural people that just walks around with our chest out. No, it wasn't just to the preachers. It's not just to the big shot. It's to these young people right across the front row here. They'll have the wisdom, the spirit of Christ in them, we'll we'll speak through their lips and and when it's something that an uncertain sound comes along, say, you know, I just got to keep still on that because if they don't have, thus say the Lord, if they can't take it back and put it right out of these scriptures, say, well, I'm just going to leave that alone. you you you got to do what you got to do on that. But for me, this is what the scripture said. Maybe it's, you know, let's go do this. Well, my my Bible says, "Honor your father and mother." My mom and dad said, "I don't need to do that." And so whether or not you think the scriptures is is honor your father and mother, thus sayith the Lord, I'm not going to go against what they told me to do. So you you do what you want to do, but this is thus sayith the Lord. Honor your father and mother. Dad said don't do it. Mom said don't do it. They told me that I need to do this. And so I don't see what I'm saying. It's it's for all of us. And it's not some big worked up something. It's not something throw our chest out. It really comes back to Enoch. He walked with God. Walk with God. Go eat the book. It's still open. We still have it. Eat that book. Feast on that book and it will it will change you. It will open the will of God to you and it will transform your life. It'll take you out of here. That's what it'll do for you. If we can just have a word of prayer, our gracious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for your word, Lord Jesus. We thank you for this spirit, Lord, to to quicken your word to us, Lord. God, that you've brought it back, Lord, when when Satan had sent all kinds of men to try to tangle it all up and and make creeds out of it and make dogmas and things, Lord. But God, you come and you sent a man that was just simple enough to believe you, Lord. God, may I echo those words, Lord, that be it unto me, Lord. The parts I don't understand, Lord, it's it's you, God. Lord, I know you understand them. There's no confusion in it to you, Lord. God, help me just to shut my life down, Lord. And let this the desires of the flesh and all the cares of life, Lord, let it go to the wayside, Lord, and let your word become the first and foremost thing in my life, Lord, till we become one, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray that you'll bless each and every heart here, Lord. If I've said something in error, Lord, God, may it be corrected, Lord. God, would I pray, Father, go with your people, Lord. Encourage them, Lord. Lift their spirits. Lift the feeble hands. Heal the ones that are sick, Lord. Encourage the discouraged, Lord. And we love you, Lord. We praise you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. We turn it back to brother Wendle. I'll just share this little thought with you. I just realized the other day is thinking on this the the spirit and the the flesh and the you know discerning between you know what what's to the spirit and what's to the flesh you know and and it's we we get so many cares of life we get so many so many trials and tests and things you know we get we get weary sometimes and and I begin to think about you know what what is it that's so worrisome to me you know if I would make a list and just write down the top five things that are really weighing me down, you know, like Lord, I just need you to move on these things right here. These are top priority to me. And let's take the list and let's look at them. You know, the car, the job, the the neighbor, you know, whatever. And then look at your list. You can do this. Just think of these things in your mind. What are the top five things or 10 or whatever, but what are the things that are the the hardest battles you're fighting right now? The the top priority things that you would if God would just say, you know, that that I I want to know what your what your pri what are they? And I began to realize that my list was pertain to the flesh. Pertain to the flesh. It pertains to the flesh. I realized that the very most important things in life wasn't even on that top five list. There wasn't nothing on there about Lord, I want to win a soul. Lord, I want to see the lost brought to you. I want to see my lost loved ones. Those are on my priorities. But why are they the first things that come to mind? All pertain to the flesh when these things are the true things that really have a value. and they really are the things that matter, the eternal things and yet they didn't come up. It really shook me. Say, God, I need to get some priority. I need to get some prioritizing here. I need to I need to change some things. Lord, help me. Lord, change me. And now when there's things that comes up and and and it's like, Lord, help me realize this is just flesh and blood. This is not affecting the spirit. Help me discern what's a word the spirit man needs. God bless you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] We've got to Jesus said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God." And uh we all come from the ground. We all come from the dirt. and um and and in our in our our bodies, we have to we have to eat uh of the food of the ground. We have we we live off of uh all of those elements. We were we were made from those 16 elements or 21 elements and we and we live we have to live by that because we came from that. And in the spiritual realm, we come from God and we come from his word and we must live by his word. And in order to be successful in in the natural, well, you can't live off of Twinkies and cupcakes. You've got to live off of the the vitamins, the things that's of this earth. Amen. That's how you that's that's how you survive. And in the spiritual walk, Amen. We we thrive. not just survive, but we thrive on the words of God. Amen. Did you enjoy that here this morning? Amen. We live by the word of the Lord and I'm so grateful for that. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Well, God is so good. Let's just sing that song there that you're you're playing, Brother Kobe. Amen. You &gt;&gt; words, [Music] &gt;&gt; yes, &gt;&gt; they resound with God's own heart of God, words of life, words of hope. Give us strength. Help us. [Music] &gt;&gt; The word of God ever true, changing me, changing you. [Music] Thank you Lord with open heart. Oh let the word of God impart holy words of our faith handed down to this age came to us through sacriice. Oh, he the faithful words of Christ. Holy word, long preserved for our wall in this world. They resound with God's own heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. for them. The word of God is oh word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. I've come with open heart who left the word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See you. [Music] Oh. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Hallelujah. Open the eyes of my heart, cuz I want to see you. I want to see you. See you high and lifted up. [Music] Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, we sing holy, holy, holy, I want to see you. I want to see you. Oh yes. Open the eyes. That's my prayer here this morning is Lord, I just want to walk with you. &gt;&gt; I want your word to be illuminated to me. Lord, &gt;&gt; reveal yourself to me. I want to overcome every enemy. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Oh, see you high. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're so great, Lord. Shining in the light and your glory. &gt;&gt; Oh, pour out your power and love. We sing holy, holy, holy. &gt;&gt; We sing holy, holy, holy. &gt;&gt; I want to see you. I want to see you. Well, glory to God. How many believes that he is high and lifted up? Hallelujah. Let the worippers arise. &gt;&gt; Let the sons and the daughters sing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I see you are drawn a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side. Holding. Oh, let your kingom come. Let it live. This is my prayer. This is my plea. You worshipers arise. Let the sons and the daughter see. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Yes, Lord. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear the throne loud. &gt;&gt; All the saints of every nation are awake from our hearts. &gt;&gt; Oh, sing it to him. &gt;&gt; This is our song. Yes. Our song to the king. Worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my all. I'm surrender to I love this last verse. Father, I see the bride rejoicing in a song every day and they have been set free. Satan's kingdom is defeated. Oh, let praise to our Lord. Praise to our King. Worshipers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I love it. I love it. We've had some that's just given their heart to the Lord and and just recently baptized uh Brother Patrick and and Brother Bosow. And I tell you what, I I think I think there is nothing any greater to defeat the devil with than with the word of the Lord. And the more we eat that word and bring that word into our lives, amen, the greater power we have, Amen, with God against the devil. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't Aren't you glad that God listen, I know this word is is a living word and this word will defeat the devil on any grounds. Hallelujah. Amen. The reason why Satan couldn't defeat Jesus is because he was the word made flesh. And I'm saying we are eating the book, we're eating this word. Amen. And Satan can't defeat you because we are becoming this. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I'm so thankful for that. Amen. Well, we've got brother brother Joe and sister Stephanie. This is going to be their last service with us for a week or so. Amen. They're they're they're moving down to uh to to Louisiana and uh I don't like it. But man, the Lord is leading them that way and we're going to miss them. and and uh I just wonder if if if you guys just come up to the front and just let the let let the church come and we're going to shake your hands and and uh and try to convince you to stay. know we're and uh we before we dismiss I I just want listen these this couple here, brother Joe has been a trustee for a long time and and uh brother brother Joe, he took good care of of our lawns and keeping everyone together. Uh uh listen, it's it's hard. Brother Joe and brother Michael knows what it's all about trying to trying to keep everyone all together and and uh uh you know to on on on doing the work around this the properties and and and Sister Stephanie has she's been in charge of our cleaning uh here at at the uh at the church. Sister Stephanie is our Sunday school teacher here at the church. God took uh Peggy, do you remember these two years ago when when the Lord saved these guys and and and and see what God's done in their lives? It's just it's just amazing. And so, uh so I want us to um I I I want those those want us to come just just start over here on this side here. We'll just make a line this way and come around and um let's let's let brother Joe and sister Stephanie know that we love them and we'll be praying for them. Amen. Hallelujah. Let the worippers arise. I'm going to let you sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my own. [Music] I surrender to the king. Let the worshipers arrive. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh father, I hear growing louder. Song of your redeemed as saints from every nation are awake in the sing from our heart becomes an heavens ring. This is our song to our king. Let the worshipers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see [Music] surrender to bringing my own. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, I surrender to the king of the worshipers arise. [Music] &gt;&gt; Let the sons and the daughters see I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, thank you for given to the Lord. I am alive that was changed. Thank you for giving to the Lord. &gt;&gt; I am so glad you gave. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am alive that was changed. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you for giving to the Lord. &gt;&gt; I am so glad you gave. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Thank you. Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am alive that was changed. &gt;&gt; Thank you for giving to the Lord. &gt;&gt; I am so glad you gave. Thank you for given to the Lord. &gt;&gt; I am a life that was sh [Music] for given to the Lord. [Music] I am so glad you gave. Thank you for given to the Lord. I am the life that was changed. Thank you for given to the Lord. I am so glad you came. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor. I give you praise. You are you're the truth, the way. Yes, you are. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I give &gt;&gt; I give you honor. &gt;&gt; I give you praise. You are [Music] you're the truth, the way. &gt;&gt; The way. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. So yes, I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood. Oh, joiners with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm part of family. [Music] Oh, I'm so glad. Hallelujah. [Music] Of this family of God. I've been washed in the fountain cleans by his blood. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. as we travel this song. For I'm part of the family. The family. [Music] You may notice that we say brother and sister around here. It's because we're a family and these folks are so dear. Oh, when one has a heartache, we all share a tear. And we rejoice in each victory in this family. so dear. Yes. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood. Good joiners with Jesus as we travel this song. I'm a part of the family. The family of God. From the door of an orphanage to the house of the king. I'm no longer an outcast. [Music] A new song I sing. From rats unto riches, from weak to the strong. I'm not worthy to be here. But praise God, I belong. I'm so glad I'm a part of this family. of God. I've been washed in the fountain. I've been cleansed by. [Music] Now I'm joining with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm part of the family, the family of God. From the door of an orphanage to the house of the king. No longer an outcast. A new song I sing from rocks unto riches from the [Music] I belong. So glad I'm a part of a family of God. I've been washed in the fountain cleans by his blood. Joint hes with Jesus as we travel this song. I'm part of the family [Music] of light of the world. You stepped out in dark. Open my eyes. Let me see. [Music] Beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. &gt;&gt; Here I am to save. &gt;&gt; You're my God. &gt;&gt; You're all together love. All together [Music] all together one [Music] king of all days. Oh so highly exaltable. Glorious in heaven above. Oh yes, I believe you came to this earth. You cave all for love's sake. &gt;&gt; Oh, can we sing it to him as we get ready to dismiss now? &gt;&gt; Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am bowed. Here I am to save. You're my God. You're all together of all together worthy. All together wonder what to [Music] praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. He's so wonderful to us. It is again so good to have Sister Applegates family with us. All of y'all here. God bless you, brother Wall-E. So good to have you and your family. Amen. Just so wonderful. And u Amen. Don't let this be your last time. when I'd heard you were here last week and I said and I missed it. Amen. But I'm glad you came today and uh I know it's a long travel and and especially when you have any any kind of age on you and and uh brother and sister Applegate they they just they're just so faithful to come whenever they can and and how many loves brother and sister Applegate. Amen. [Applause] And so, um, just just so wonderful to see all of you. Teresa, Teresa's from Arkansas. So, man, she traveled a long ways. So, good good to have you. Um, we've got we've got lunch today. Uh, they're at the fellowship hall. And so, man, we'd like love to have every one of you to come and and to be a part. And, uh, there'll be plenty there. And so we just uh uh looking forward to a wonderful time. Amen. All right. Well, God richly bless you. Uh you're dismissed in the name of the Lord. And and um uh we just pray that uh God will just give you wonderful rest today. We'll have service again tonight at 5:00. And we just say God richly bless you. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; I will never know. How much it cost to see my sin up for thy cross. &gt;&gt; Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. &gt;&gt; Here I am to say that you're my God. Sister Liz, good to see you this morning. &gt;&gt; Good to see you, Sister Liz. &gt;&gt; All together wonderful to me. &gt;&gt; Here I am toship. &gt;&gt; Here I am bowed. &gt;&gt; Here I am to save. You're my God. You're all together lovely. All together.
