################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - 2025-08-10 Bro Wendall Martin "The Breath Of Life - Receive Ye The Holy Ghost" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-10
Title:   2025-08-10 Bro Wendall Martin "The Breath Of Life - Receive Ye The Holy Ghost"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVxGkCMBnYc
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. I'm a part of my savior and a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. One more time. It's who I am, Lord. I know who I am. I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my savior. You're part of his word. It's a revelation. It's predestined [Music] of who I am. [Music] Well, do you know who you are? Amen. We all come into this world, Amen. all as babies and not knowing anything, just knowing how to nurse and to breathe and but uh we come to a realization as we get older. Amen. more self-awareness of who we are. But I believe God come down in in his in flesh to show us who we really are. Amen. That we're a part of him. Amen. He come to redeem us back to where we were in God's mind. And I'm glad that we come together this morning to to worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. He wants us to recognize who he is. Amen. This morning. Amen. Lots are missing this morning. Still, those at the youth camp in Ohio there. So, we want to go to prayer this morning. Ask brother Harry if he'd come and lead us in prayer. And, uh, so, uh, believe the last service there is probably already started there in Ohio for the youth. So, they'll be traveling back, I guess, starting today. So, let's remember them in prayer. Also, a request uh for Sister Denise. Amen. Battling some blood sugar problems and also with a scheduled surgery for Wednesday. So, let's remember Sister Denise. Also, a request put in for uh Sister Betty Applegate. Brother Jimmy. How's Sister Betty doing? Okay. So, let's remember Sister Betty this morning. And uh we've been watching uh uh Simeon Uriah. And Uriah was been throwing up last night. So, mama's there home with him. So, let's remember little Uriah this morning. Amen. Any other special needs to be brought before the congregation this morning? Amen. If you have an unspoken request, Amen. Just lift your head, lift your hand to God. Amen. I believe he'll answer your prayer this morning. Brother Harry. Amen. Anything else to be brought for the church? All right, let's all bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this morning, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you for allowing us to to gather once more, Lord. And Lord, as we bring our licks of fire together with our brothers and sisters, Lord, we Lord, we know that you said that where two or more are gathered, that you would be in the midst of them, Lord. And so, Lord, we know that we don't gather in vain, Lord. We know that you're that you're here, that you're walking up and down the aisles, Lord, that you're here to to minister to hearts, Lord. You're here to to to provide correction, Lord. You're here to provide encouragement, Lord. You're here to to just speak to us, Lord Jesus. Lord, as always, we're we're a needy people, Lord. And Lord, we come before you with these requests, Lord. We Lord, we thank you for the the good services that they've been having at the the youth camp in Ohio. Lord, we thank you for the blessing that it's been to our our our young people, Lord, and to the adults that have been able to to take them, Lord. And Lord, we pray that you would just be with them as they would be traveling home, Lord. We pray that you would give them traveling mercies on the road, Lord. That you would protect them on that long drive, Lord. May you keep their uh the bus running well, Lord Jesus. Keep the drivers alert as they're they're driving, Lord. And just, Lord, bring everyone back home safely, Lord Jesus. Lord, we lift before you little Uriah at home, Lord Jesus. And Lord, just sick to a stomach and not feeling well. And Lord, we pray that you would just reach out and and touch him right now, Lord. Lord, every parent knows that they just hate to see it when their their kids aren't feeling well. And Lord, we pray that you would just touch them in a special way, Lord. That you would just be with him and his grandmas are at home, Lord, just watch over them, Lord. Lord, we lift before you uh Sister Denise, Lord, that that's at home, Lord, just just not feeling well today, Lord, dealing with her her blood sugar and everything and slated to have surgery on Wednesday, Lord. Lord, we know that you're still the healer, Lord. We know that you're still the one who can handle every situation that comes along. And Lord, we know that you that you use doctors, Lord. We we thank you for the advances that that are in the medicine, Lord, where the doctors are able to perform these different surgeries and procedures and things. But Lord, we also know that you're fully capable of performing miracles, Lord, before a doctor could ever ever touch anyone, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would just move on Sister Denise's situation, Lord. That you would, Lord, that you would be the one to provide the healing touch, Lord. That you would be the one to to settle that blood sugar, Lord, to deal with the different issues that she's struggling with, Lord. that you would just Lord drive away that that demon of cancer that's trying to to to afflict her right now Lord Jesus. Lord you told the prophet that if he could just get the people to believe nothing would stand against his prayer not even cancer Lord. And Lord we believe that the bride has stepped into that position now Lord where Lord if we can just have the faith that there's nothing that can stand before our prayer of faith Lord Jesus. And Lord we just lift our sister before you Lord. Lord, we lift before you Sister Betty, Lord, at home just not doing well, Lord. And Lord, we always love to see her come walking in, Lord. The the smile that she always has for everyone, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we pray that right now you would reach out to her where she's at, Lord Jesus. That Lord, your Holy Spirit would just minister to her in a special way, Lord. That Lord, she would just be able to feel your presence, Lord, and know that you're that you're there, that you're there to strengthen her there, that you're there to heal her and just lift her up, Lord Jesus. Lord, we lift before you brother Duran that's not here this morning, Lord. And Lord, we pray that you would just touch his body as well, Lord, as Lord, he he pushes himself and he gets tired. And Lord, as he as he fights off this this disease that's against him, Lord, but Lord, we know that you're still able, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for the testimony that he has every time that he comes into church, Lord, as he pushes through after dealing with all those things, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would be with him at home right now, Lord. That you would strengthen his body, Lord. That you would, Lord, help his breathing, Lord Jesus. That Lord, you would just touch him in a special way and lift him up, Lord. Lord, I lift before you, Brother Wendell, Lord. And Lord, you see that this week he hasn't been feeling well, Lord. That he's been he's been dealing with his own physical ailments, Lord, and still dealing with that that ear infection and different things, Lord. And Lord, he's still when he's not laid up, Lord, he's still devoted himself to studying, Lord. He's still devoted himself to to finding what you would have him to deliver to the people, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would just bless that sacrifice, Lord. That you would, Lord, reach down and strengthen his body, Lord. That you would drive away that infection, Lord. That you would just use him in a special way this morning, Lord. Lord, he help each one of us to lay aside the our own concerns or or problems or worries, Lord. And Lord, let us just enjoy being in your presence, Lord, just to to draw on the gift that you placed in your servant, Lord. That you would just speak to our hearts and draw us closer to you, Lord. We just we thank you for all that you do for us, Lord. And we just commit the remainder of the service into your hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Thank you, brother Harry. Amen. The best one of the best ways to get to know somebody is to walk with them. So, let's sing this old song as you turn around and greet one another. Amen. Oh, just a closer walk with thee. Oh, granted Jesus is my plea. and daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. [Music] And I am weak, but thou art strong. [Music] For Jesus, keep me from all wrong. And I be satisfied long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. Oh, just a closer walk with thee. Jesus is my plea. Enter walking. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Oh, and through this world of toils and snares. Oh, if I falter, Lord, who cares? Thank you. My burdens share. Oh my dear Lord. Oh, just so wondering [Music] close to thee. Oh, let it be, Lord. Let it be. Oh, and when my people life is no more for me will be no more. Let God me gently safely. Oh, to thy king to thy shore. Oh, and just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Oh, Jesus is my plea. daily walking. Oh, not just on Sunday morning. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Oh, put your hands together and sing it one more time. Oh, and just a closer walk with thee. Oh cra Jesus is my peace [Applause] and daily walking close to thee. Oh let it be dear Lord let it be last night. Oh, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. [Applause] [Music] He paid a debt. He did not. Oh, I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone [Music] to wash my sins away. And now I sing this brand new song called Amazing Grace. Sing it all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Oh, let's talk about it. He paid my debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erased. I now can sing brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Listen to this. One day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. I won't be glory to see him on that day. I then will sing brand new song amazing grace all day long Christ Jesus paid the debt that I as they come for the offering sing the one more time he paid he did not owe I owed a debt I could not pay I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Would you bow your heads as we ask for the mic that's the blessing on the offer? &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we so grateful to be in your house. Lord, Lord, thank you for our visitors. Lord, bless us with tithes and this offerings in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Let's sing this. Amen. An old song. Amen. I must tell Jesus to stay and see. I must tell Jesus all of my trials. I cannot bear these burdens alone. In my distress, he kindly will help. Oh, he ever loves and cares for his own. Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. [Music] Still Jesus all of my trles. [Music] He is a kind com passion and friend. If I but ask him, he will deliver [Music] and make of my trles quickly and end. Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Oh Jesus will help me. Jesus alone. tempted and tried. I need a great savior. One who can help my burdens to bear. [Music] I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] He all my cares and sorrows was shared. [Applause] Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Oh, Jesus can help me. Oh, have we got one more verse? Oh, how the world too evil love me. Oh, how my heart is tempted to sin. I must tell Jesus and he will help me over the world the victory to win. Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] Jesus will help me. Jesus alone. How many's told Jesus? He's got an ear that'll hear. Amen. Amen. I imagine that song is older than Brother Ken and maybe Brother James Torrance put together. Who knows? Amen. It's an old be oldie but goodie and it's still true. Amen. You can have a talk with Jesus. Amen. This morning. Amen. Everything will be all right. Amen. Well, God bless you. You may be seated. And uh actually, Sister Brianna [Music] tonight. Okay. All right. Sister, God bless you. turned it off. We got some visitors with us. This man and woman right here. Glad to have y'all. Where y'all from? &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Okay. Huh? just moved here. Okay. Is that somebody? Who Who do you know here? Brother Mike King's neighbor. Okay, that's right. Sister Denise was talking about y'all. Glad to have y'all. Amen. We say y'all here. &gt;&gt; Okay. God bless you, Sister Teda. [Music] Every day they pass by. [Music] I can see it in there. Empty [Music] people filled with care headed. Who knows where on? They go through private pain living fear to fear. [Music] Laughter hides their silent cries that only Jesus hears. People need the Lord. People need the Lord. [Music] At the end of broken dreams, he's the open door. People need the Lord. People need the Lord. [Music] When will we realize people need the Lord? [Music] We are called to take his life to a world where wrong seems right. [Music] What could be too great a cost for sharing life with one who's lost [Music] through his love our hearts can All the grief they bear, they must hear the words of life [Music] only we can share. [Applause] People need the Lord. People need the Lord. [Music] At the end of broken dreams, he's the open door. [Applause] People need the Lord. People need the Lord. When will we realize [Music] people need the Lord? People need the Lord. [Music] People need the Lord. [Music] At the end of broken dreams is the open door. [Music] [Applause] People need the Lord. People need the Lord. When will we realize that we must give our lives [Music] for people [Music] need the [Music] [Applause] Amen. What a blessing. Amen. Amen. Jesus stood up one time and said, "He that's thirsty, Amen. Let him come to me and I'll give him drink." Amen. Everlasting water won't run dry. Amen. Thank you for that. People need the Lord. Amen. He's the only one that has life. Amen. And I'm so glad I have him. Let's stand uh once again. Amen. Do you remember that course we we uh practiced? The Lord is my shepherd. Amen. He'll be your shepherd. Amen. To guide you through. Amen. The Lord is my shepherd. The Lord is my shepher. He goes before me. [Music] Defender behind me. [Music] I won't fear. I'm filled with anointing. [Music] My cup's overflowing. No weapon can harm me. And I won't fear. Oh hallelu, I am not alone. Oh, he's my comfort. always holds me close. He always guides me through mountains and valley. His joy is refreshing. It has restored my soul. Mercy and goodness [Music] gives me assurance that I'll see his glory. [Music] Oh, face to face. Oh, and hallelujah. Your high am not alone. Oh, he's my comfort. always holds me close. Sing that again. Oh, [Music] I am not alone. What a great shepherd he is. Oh, he he's my comfort. always holds me close. Sing that first verse again. The Lord is my shepher. He goes before me. Defender behind me. [Music] I won't fear. [Music] I'm filled with anointing. [Music] My cup's overflowing. [Music] No weapon can harm me. And I won't fear. Hallelujah. [Music] And hallelujah. High &gt;&gt; not alone. Oh, he's my comfort. always holds me close. One more time. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Y I am not alone. [Music] Oh, he my comfort always holds me close. [Music] Can you praise him this morning? I believe David said it many years ago. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. Amen. His rod and his staff, it comforts me. Amen. If you need a comforter this morning, I believe Jesus Christ. Amen. Who's the same yesterday, today, and forever can can be that to you. Amen. If you'll just ask him this morning. Amen. How many is ready for the word of the Lord and that you believe he's he's here to speak to you personally? Amen. He knows every need. Amen. He knows every desire. Amen. And he gives the desire of every living thing, the Bible says. Amen. So as the man of God gets ready to come. Amen. Let's just sing this old himnil in F. Sister Titha. Amen. Because he lives. Amen. I can face tomorrow. Amen. Because he lives. [Music] Oh, I can face tomorrow. And because he lives, all my fear is gone. Oh, and because I know, yes, I know he holds the future [Music] and life is worth the living just. If you know he lives in you, why don't you just raise your hand and thank him? Oh, and because he lives, oh, I can face tomorrow. [Music] And because he lives, oh, all my fear is gone. [Music] Because Oh, can we sing it again? Because he lives. Because he lives, I can't face tomorrow because he lives. All my fear is gone because I know [Music] he holds the future. [Music] My life is worth the living just because he lives. [Music] How about that song? Um, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Oh, yes. I told Satan, you better get bee behind me. Victory today, it is mine. Oh yes. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today it is mine. All I told Satan, you better get thee behind. Joy today, it is mine. Oh yes, I woke up this morning and I did not have a doubt and I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Hallelujah. So I got down on my knees and I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shouting. Oh, how many's got some joy in your heart? Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today. Oh, it is mine. I told Satan, "You better get thee behind me. Victory today is mine. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, glory, glory, hallelu. since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I'm glad to be in church here this morning. Good to see everyone in the house of the Lord and um Amen. Just always um glad to be where God's at and uh be here with God's people. And I know that there is um if we've come expecting to receive from the Lord that we will receive from him. And uh so we say God bless every one of you. good to have uh our visitors here today. God bless you. Um Sister Denise had told us, amen, that she wanted us to meet y'all. And and so we're just so so delighted to have y'all. And uh just good to have everyone here this morning. And um Amen. always uh we we appreciate how many appreciates our musicians this morning. uh our um uh the the brother Kobe and sister Mary um said they've had a really been a wonderful meeting there in in Ohio and so um the group will be coming back here u heading back shortly I'm sure so we're just really glad to to to hear the wonderful results uh that have taken place there. Uh let's look here in the book of uh St. John's and then we'll let you have your seats. Let's look here at John 20. And um um it's going to be a lengthy passage here. So what I'm going to do is we'll just read the uh um the um four verses here and then we'll continue to read. It says, "The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early when it was yet dark into the unto the sepre and seeing the stone taken away from the sepre. Then she runth and cometh to Simon Peter and to the other disciple whom Jesus loved and said unto them, they have taken away the Lord out of the sepre, and we know not where they have laid him. And Peter therefore went forth and that other disciple and came to the sepre. So they ran both together and the other disciple did outrun Peter and come first to the slicer. And let's just go and stop here. Let's pray and then we'll continue to read. Father, we just want to thank you today for your many blessings that you have given us. Thank you, Lord, for your presence that we know is here this morning. For where two or three are gathered together, you are in our midst, Lord. And so God, we just give ourselves to you. We come by faith, believing, Lord, that you know all about us. You know every need that is present. And Father, I'm asking that you would meet every need, Lord, in divine presence. I ask God that you would uh just be here in a very special way and speak to our hearts. Lord, we love you with all that is within us, Father. That's why we're here this morning as we want to grow in you and and to love you, Father. And now, Lord, we we thank you for all things in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can the church say, "Amen." And amen. God bless you. You may be seated here. And we're just going to continue to read on on down. And it says, "And he stooping down and looking in saw the linen clothes lying. Yet w he not in. Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the sufficer, and seeth the linens linen clothes lie, and the napkin that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself. Then went in also that other disciple, which came first to the sepre, and he saw and believed. For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead. Then the disciples went away again unto their own home. And Mary stood without at the sepre weeping. And as she wept, she stooped down and looked unto the sepre, and sees two angels in white sitting, one at the head, and the other at the feet where the body of Jesus had lain. And they say unto the woman, Why weepest thou, And she saith unto them, Because they have taken away my Lord, and I know not where they have laid him. And she, when she had said thus, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus. And Jesus said unto her, "Woman, why weepest thou? Whom seekest thou?" And she supposing him to be the gardener, said unto him, Sir, if thou hast borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away. And Jesus saith unto her, Mary. And she turned herself and says unto him, "Rabbi," which is to say, "Master," Jesus saith unto her, "Touch me not, for I am not yet ascended to my father, but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend to my father and your father, to my God and your God." And Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the Lord, and that he had spoken these things unto her. And the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut, where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, Jesus came and stood in the midst, and said unto them, Peace be unto you. And when he had had so said, he showed unto them his hands and his side. And then were the disciples glad when they saw the Lord. And then Jesus said to them, "Peace be unto you, as my father hath sent me, even so send I you." When I when he had uh said this, he breathed on them and seth unto them, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Whosoever sins you remit, they are remitted unto them. And whosoever sins you retain, you they are retained." So, I want to take a a passage of scripture. Amen. Or I want to take a thought out of this. The breath of life. Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Now, and I I want to uh the continuation of the life of God, the continuation of the ministry of Christ. Amen. This is what Christ is has just raised from the dead. He has paid for our salvation. He has now shown himself alive. And he is he is telling them, amen, peace be unto you, as my father hath sent me and I'm going back to my father. Amen. Now I'm going to send you. Amen. And then he breathes on them and says, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Now, we understand that this was not the receiving of the Holy Ghost, but this was a declaration that the Holy Ghost was yet to come. For he would tell them to go to Jerusalem and to wait there in there in Acts 1 and um and and one I I'm going to be doing a little bit of reading here for a little bit, but I I'm I'm hoping it'll all come together. It says, "The former treaties I write unto thee uh or I have made, oh theophilos, all that Jesus began both to do and teach until the day in which he was taken up after that through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen, to whom also he showed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them 40 days, and speaking of things pertaining to the kingdom of God, and being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which saith he, Ye have heard of me. For John truly baptized with water, but you shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost, not many days hence." And when there they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wil thou restore again the kingdom to Israel. And he said, "It is not for you to know the times or the seasons which the Father hath put in in his own power, but you shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and you shall be witnesses unto me in both in Jerusalem and in Judea, and in Samaria, and under the uttermost parts of the earth." And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up, and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while they looked steadfastly toward the heaven, as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel, which also said, "Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? This same Jesus which is taken up from you into heaven shall so come in like manner as you have seen him go. So we find that now he is telling the people he's telling the disciples, amen, I want you to go to Jerusalem. He's breathed them upon them and said receive the Holy Ghost. And now he's telling them, I want you to go to Jerusalem and you shall receive not many days hence. Acts 2 and1. Amen. It says, "And the day of Pentecost was fully come, and they were all in one accord in one place. And suddenly there come a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as a fire, and it set upon them. And they were filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak with other tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance. And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men out of every nation under heaven. And now when this was noised abroad, the multitude come together and were confounded because that every man heard them in their own language. Amen. And so we we I wanted I know this was a little bit of reading here today, but I want us to go and I wanted us to understand, Amen. that Jesus was fixing to go. Amen. And he's going to call those who he had purchased with his own blood. Those who he had saved, he had died to redeem. Amen. Jesus paid the price. He was crucified. our sins were crucified with them. He is raised from the dead and he is now telling them, "Amen. Now my life that is within me is going to come upon you and you shall be witnesses of this resurrection." Amen. Aren't you glad for that? Now, Christianity is not a religion. Amen. Where you It's a one-time fix all where where we're just coming to church. We've we've accepted Jesus. Amen. We've been baptized. We've had the right hand of fellowship from the church. And then that that settles it. But you see, the reason that Jesus saved us is because he wants to live in you. Amen. He's not wanting to just live in the preacher. He's not wanting to just live in the deacon, but he wants to live in every one of you. Amen. The life of God coming within you. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. There in in Romans 6 and and and and six it amen in the NIV version. I'm going to read it to you. It says, "We know that our old self was crucified with him so that the body that was ruled by sin might be done away with that we should no longer be slaves to sin." Because anyone who has died, amen, with Christ has been set free from the power of sin. And if we've died with Christ, we believe we shall also live with him. Amen. Now, that does something for me because, Amen. He didn't just keep us as sinners, but when he breathes the breath of life, Amen. His life comes in you and you begin to live again. Amen. You begin to live. The life that God lived in Christ is being lived in you. Now, I want us to look at at a few things here this morning because we were all spiritually dead. Every one of us when we were born, we Amen. We we were dead to righteousness and we were alive to sin. Sin ruled and reigned in us. Sin was part of our desire. It was it was it was part of our makeup. Amen. A a person that is that is alive to sin, he craves sin. He loves sin. He Amen. He He wants to do the things, Amen. of of the world. And And so when you are alive to sin, you are dead to righteousness. You are dead to to to to God. Amen. In other words, your soul is a slave to sin. But Jesus came, Amen. so that he can break the strongholds of sin and raise you up in the life of the and the power of Jesus Christ. Now there in first uh Timothy 5 and6 the scripture says she that liveth in pleasure or liveth in sin is dead while she lives. So so there are the the the sinner amen is dead while he lives. Dead while she lives. So so you you are alive in your body but your spirit being is dead. Amen. Dead to the things of God. get to the uh it's it's like you have amnesia. You don't remember uh uh who you really are and what you were really called for. There's many times uh people are in in in our world, in our society. Amen. And I want to tell you, there's a lot of dead people that's walking around. Hallelujah. Out here in the world now. Now, they're alive. Amen. You can talk to them. You can uh they they have families but they are dead to in in sin in trespasses. Their their desires amen is to that of the world. Praise the Lord. Amen. So we were spiritually dead. But Jesus comes to give us eternal life. Amen. To quicken your soul to eternal life. They're they're in they're in John 5 and 24. It says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that hears my words and believes on him that sent me has everlasting life and shall not come into judgment, but is passed from death unto life." Now, now I I want us to Amen to catch this because you can be dead while living. Hallelujah. And then you can be alive while dying. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. You can be dead while alive. Amen. But what what what causes people to to to to kill and and and to uh uh murder and you know do all of these things is because they are they are dead in sin. But when Christ comes to give life, it's eternal life on the inside of you. You have a soul that was ordained of God before the foundation of the world. Now he says, "But is passed from death unto life." He says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the hour is coming, and now is when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God, and they shall live." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. you when you're coming to church here this morning, you're not just coming to to just uh uh you know attend a church, but we are here under the presence of God and God is there to give life that there in there in in John 5 and 39 he he was telling the Pharisees he said search the scriptures man they were giving him a hard time and he said search the scriptures in them you think you have eternal life, and they are they which testify of me, and yet you will not come to me that you might have life. &gt;&gt; You see, they were saying, "I'm alive. I go to church." Amen. I am I I I I'm a preacher. Amen. And Jesus was saying, "You're dead." &gt;&gt; Jesus called them in one place. He says, "You are sepacers full of dead men's bones." He's telling them, "You are a tomb full of dead men's bones." And there they were walking and talking. Amen. So, he's not talking about the body. He was talking about that soul. And that is what I want us to talk about this morning because the Holy Ghost when the breath of life comes in, it is breathing into your soul to where you can you can live lot. I'm not talking about your body now. I'm talking about your soul living in the presence of God. Can you say amen? Amen. that there in Ephesians 2 and five. He he says, "You were once dead to righteousness." Amen. But now you're made alive. Look at this. They're there. In Ephesians 2 and five, he says, "Even when we were dead in sins hath quickened us together with Christ there in there in Colossians 2 and 13. And you being dead in your sins, and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you of your trespasses. You know what that tells me? Amen. In order what what does it mean to quicken? Amen. Now, my wife's been been taking care of her plants and things out there in the yard and and uh she'll put seeds in the grounds and and and and what have you. Amen. There's got to be a seed in the ground in order for a seed to be quickened. Hallelujah. Amen. You can you can pour water right here on this carpet. Amen. And and shine light on that carpet, but it ain't going to produce a flower because there's no seed there. But yet, Amen. Now, now catch this. The Bible says there in Ephesians 1 and4, we were chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world. So there was a seed that was planted on the inside of your body before you ever come to planet Earth. And you were just needing life. You were needing the sunlight of God to come and make that to live. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. The Bible says that your names were written in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; That means God knew all of his children. The Bible says that you were a son of God. Amen. And there is no man, there's no devil, there is no there's no preacher, there's no sin that can pluck you out of his hands. Amen. That's That's exactly right. I I I've got a scripture here that Amen. And I I don't know if I'll be able to find it uh uh uh just at at this point. Amen. But but he was but but Jesus was talking about. Amen. My sheep know my voice and they will not follow another. Amen. And he says, "And I will keep them. I will save them and raise them up at the last day." Amen. Well, I I I I'm just thankful for that here this morning. So, the seeds of God, there was if you were a son of God today, you always were a son. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. I I was in my my father. I was in my grandfather. I was in my greatgrandfather. Amen. In the genetics. And if you are a son of God, you were always in the mind of God. God knew you. He loved you. And he provided a lamb for you. &gt;&gt; He knew that you were going to Amen. be living. Your soul would be a lying in a in that body of yours and that sin would take over and that sin would rule you. Amen. sin would dominate you. But he also knew that he was going to breathe the breath of life into that soul and that soul would be quickened by his holy spirit and you would live in the presence of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the name of Jesus. So receiving the Holy Ghost, amen, is God's breath, his very own breath, breathing into you and making new life within you. Oh, bless the name of the Lord. Amen. Now, some people don't like to think that that that that some Amen. were called of God and and and and and uh Amen. that that God can, you know, but the Bible says there in the book of uh Romans uh the 8th chapter. Amen. And we'll just read that real quickly there in Romans the 8th chapter. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. The 29th verse, it says, "For whom he did forno." So God knew God. There's a there is a person there is a group that God forneew. Someone say amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. What does that word predestinate? Predetermine that they would be in the image of his son. And yet every one of you were born in sin. You were dead in sin. You were shapen in iniquity. Hallelujah. But now watch. Amen. Watch. Watch God. Look, look at what God is saying. Whom he did predestinate to be conformed to the image of a son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called. This is all past tense. Whom he called, them he justified. Whom he justified, he also glorified. What shall we say then to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? Now, while you were living in sin, Amen. you were a son of God, you were a daughter of God. Amen. But you were dead in sin. And you were well, glory to God. But when God, Christ comes to save that soul, he comes so that his life can come back in you and he can live that eternal life. Well, somebody should shout here this morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's look at something just and I know this is this may be a little bit deep here. Amen. But let's look here. Let's go to Romans the 9th chapter. Hallelujah. And u uh you know uh he's he's talking about you and me and and he and he's comparing us to the Old Testament when when God called Abraham and gave him a promise of Isaac and and uh Amen. And he and he and he's and he's talking about how that God chose Isaac. Amen. He put his hand upon Isaac instead of Ishmael. And and so we're just going to break in here. and and he uh he says now the eighth verse he says that is they which are the children of the flesh. They are not the children of God but the children of the promise are counted for the seed. For this is the word of promise. At this time I will come and Sarah shall have a son. And not only this but when Rebecca also had conceived by one even by our father Isaac. For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth. It was said unto her, the elder shall serve the younger. As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated. What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid. For he says to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy. I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion. So it is not of him that willth nor of him that runs, but of God that shows mercy. What I am saying is you were always a son of God. You were always ordained of God. Even when you were out count uh painting the the town red. Even when you were out there as filthy, they meant in the sin and the muck and the meer. You were a son of God. When you were out there in the bars, when you were in the honky tonks, when you were out there as high and out of your mind as can be. Amen. You were always a son and daughter of God. Amen. But you were dead to the things of God. Amen. That's why Jesus had to die. He died so that you could live. &gt;&gt; Oh, can you say amen? Amen. God loved you there. Hallelujah. Amen. The Bible says, The Bible says that your names were written in the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Now, hallelujah. So, it's not of him that wills, nor of him that that that runs, but it's him that God shows mercy. Amen. That's right. A and he says, therefore, Amen. The 18th verse, therefore he has mercy on whom he'll have mercy, and whom he will he hardeneth. Whil thou say then, why do he yet find fault? Who hath resisted his will? 20th verse. Nay, but oh man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed, say to the thing that formed it, Amen. To him that formed it, why hast thou made me thus? Hath not the potter power over the clay of the same lump to make one vessel unto honor and another unto dishonor? Now, now the reason, Amen, I'm bringing this in is because there has to be something in you to be quickened. When the breath of God comes in, there's got to be there's got to be a soul that God can quicken. &gt;&gt; Now, in in Pentecost, people think that, Amen. the Holy Ghost is is a lot of making you feel good and a lot of shouting and and and I love to shout and I love to feel good and I and I and I love preaching when you're feeling good. Hallelujah. Amen. I love those kinds of services. But you see it is not that the Holy Ghost is not an emotion. The Holy Ghost is the very life of God. Amen. That is breathed into your soul and you become a new creation. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's what the scripture says. The scripture says that you become a brand new creation. Old things have passed away and behold, all things become new. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. You're you're no longer wanting to go drink and and honky tonk and and live it up. You're no longer fighting the Bible. Now the life of God has has energized your soul and you believe exactly the way God believes. You're not saying, "Well, I'm a Christian like this." Ain't that you can't be a Christian unless the Holy Ghost comes in you and lives that life in you. You you you're just not a Christian until you have received the breath of God into your soul. That's the only way you're a Christian. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. My sheep hear my voice and another they will not follow. When you have the Holy Ghost, you're going to follow the spirit of God. Amen. If you don't have the spirit of God, you're going to hell. &gt;&gt; There's no other way around it. But God says, "I've got an eternal purpose for you. I've come to redeem you. I've come to bring you back. I've come to save you and to give you eternal life. Well, can I hear an amen? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God so loved the world that he gave. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, now the scripture says, Amen. In Romans 6 and 11, likewise reckon ye also yourselves dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus. Now you were dead to righteousness and alive to sin. Now you're alive to righteousness and dead to sin. Amen. John 11:25. Amen. Jesus said unto her, "I am the resurrection and the life. And he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet he shall live. Whosoever, amen, spiritually lives and believeth in me shall never die. &gt;&gt; He that liveth and believeth shall never die. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now, some of you saying, "Now, listen. I've I've buried my grandma, and she was a good lady. She was a Christian lady. I buried my Amen. And she and he was a he was a Christian. Amen. He that receives this life shall never die. What's he talk? He's not talking about this body here. This body here is going to go to the grave. Amen. There's some of you here that are that have that are getting that have got some gray hair. Amen. Maybe you're on a cane. May maybe maybe you're fighting. You know, my my dad's at home just he sent me a text wishing he could be here. Amen. and and but there's a lot of those kinds of things. But I just I just want to let you know, amen, when you have received the breath of God, amen, into your soul, you are alive. And the scripture says, amen, there in in in 1 Corinthians 5 and 1 in and and I'm going to read this in the amplified version. He says, "And we know that if our if the earthly tent, our physical body, which is our house, is torn down through death, we have a building from God, a house not made with hands and eternal in the heaven. For indeed in this house, in this body, we grown longing to be clothed with our immortal eternal celestial dwelling." Can you say amen? Amen. So this body is dying. This body is decaying. God, hallelujah. God's not as much interested in this old body here as he is interested in that soul. Amen. The death of the body is not the end of you. Your soul lives in your you. The real you is living inside that body. &gt;&gt; You have never seen me. You have never seen me. You just see the house that I'm living in. Well, praise the Lord. And and you can and you can paint the old house and you can you can comb the hair of that old house and you can but that old house is decaying. This old house is going down to the grave. That ain't come on. Hallelujah. And there ain't nothing I can do. I'm telling you what. Amen. I've tried everything. They they told me massage your scalp. You got to you got to to to help your hair. Amen. You got to bend over and and let all the blood go down and the massage it. Well, I've I've I'm glad there's not not videos of me in the shower. Amen. And uh trying to get the blood just flowing. Amen. And doing this, that, and the other. Amen. This old house there is it's condemned. This old house is going to go, Amen. to the grave. This old house, it there's there's nothing here. But I just want to tell you, don't you Amen. Don't you uh identify the real me with this house. I have eternal life living in me. This soul has eternal life. I'm not living for this body. I'm not I'm not I'm not dying for this body. I've got a call. I've got a promise that when this house, amen, is condemned and thrown aside, there is already a brand new house waiting for me on the other side. Can you say amen? The breath of life does not affect this as much as it affects your soul. Now, if you live in a house and and you can tell by the nature of your of of how that house is, you can tell the nature of the person that lives on the inside of it. If it's cluttered and there's this, that, and the other, well, that sort of lets you know that, okay, well, there's a hoarder that lives on the inside, you know, or and uh uh and don't be pointing fingers at me. Amen. and and but but if you've got uh you know if if if if the house is it it tells what nature is on the inside. And so if you have eternal life and the breath of life has come into your lives. Amen. It it it is it is it is it is seen on the outside. It's seen in this body. Amen. If the desire of my of my soul is to love God to please the Lord, then I am reading his Bible. I am coming to church. I am doing what God asked. So this house does this body does what my soul is desiring. But if it is desiring sin, it's going to want cigarettes. Amen. If it's wanting cigarettes, your body's going to Amen. It's going to oblige. If if if your desire on the inside of you is desiring drugs, Amen. and you're going to do smoke your marijuana and you're going to do all of that kind of amen uh uh devilish things to your to to your spirit and your body. Amen. It shows what life is on the inside of you. It shows where you are. Amen. That's the reason why when we give our spirit, our soul to God and he revives us. Amen. and he breathes his life into us. Our desires is for him to have total control of me at all times. &gt;&gt; I don't want my mind going into a amen state of relaxation where devils can minister to me where devils can things amen and you can have illusions and you can do these kinds of things. That's not God's design for you. &gt;&gt; God's peace comes through his life. His life in you is what brings peace in you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. In Pentecost, back Amen. back back in the day, uh, and not necessarily in our church, but in our in in our circles, they would they would go on those 40-day fasts and and they would they they would they would do this thing where, Amen. You you couldn't eat or you couldn't drink. And Amen. or occasionally you could you could take a little drink. And and what they would do is they were trying to get themselves into a place to where their their spirit their their mind can be more sensitive to God. Amen. And they found themselves to be subject to devils. They found themselves having visions and dreams and and hallucinations and things of that nature. That is not what God's wanting. God's wanting his life to live on the inside of you and that life will reflect itself through the windows of your house. Well, somebody shout amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, if my desire is heaven, then his word is what I'm looking for. If my desire is for a new life, then his then then my body is following along in that. &gt;&gt; The Bible says that the whole world will be deceived in this last day before the coming of the Lord. &gt;&gt; The Bible says the world will be deceived because they will have itching ears and they will heap to themselves teachers, teachers, and they'll all be turned to fables. people that'll say, "Oh, you're okay." Oh, yeah. That's just fine. I'm here to tell you, this preacher is telling you, you better get right or you will not make that rapture. &gt;&gt; That's right. Hallelujah. Can you say amen? So, the death of the body is not the end of you. Well, glory to God. Amen. They're they're in they're in 1 Corinthians uh or 2 Corinthians 5:6 there where therefore we are always confident knowing this while we are at home or living in the body we are absent from the Lord for we walk by faith and not by sight. We are confident I say willing rather to be absent from the body to and to be present with the Lord. So when you are absent from this body well glory to God I have preached many of funerals. Amen. I I I I I've preached many godly uh uh uh men and women have have have come and and I I have I you know we have we have laid them to rest. Bless the name of the Lord. Amen. And you know they are not there. That was just the house that they lived in. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Where are they at? They are present. What? That's what the Bible just said. To be absent from this body is to be present. &gt;&gt; So we put so much we put so much time we put so much emphasis on this body here and this is not what the Holy Ghost has come to do. Now back back in Pentecost, Amen. We loved when the Holy Ghost come because we got to dance and shout and scream. I listen we done it all, man. We done cartwheels. I mean we we had a good time. We we Hallelujah. But you see then then I find out that the Holy Ghost was not even come for this. The Holy Ghost has come to give life, the breath of life to my soul. &gt;&gt; Am I making any sense here this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. It says now, Amen. So there in Psalms 116 and 15, precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of his saints. Now, now I want you to catch Jesus is breathing the breath of life. Jesus is saying, "Whosoever that lives spiritually and believes in me shall never die." He's not talking about this old body here. Amen. For I just want to tell you, death is the doorway to that eternal land where there's a body that'll Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There will be no diets over there in that other body. There will be no sickness in that other body. There will be no there will be no more shame. Oh, come on. In this body that we live in, there are so many shames and regrets that we go through. We there there there are certain people we see and we just think, "Oh, I've got regrets for something I done 30 years ago." Or we we we look at our we you know we look at our spouses and we say I've got regrets. We look at our children or maybe we look at our our parents and we've got regrets. But brother what we are preparing for is that other side friend. Amen. This old house has got to go. It's got to die. It's been condemned. But there is a body where there is no regrets. Where there is no failures. where there is no, well, glory to God. There's no complexes where you can look at everybody and you don't have to have a bad thought about yourself. Well, I this and that and and no, you're there. Amen. You've got a brand new body. You the Holy Spirit has preserved you and kept you alive. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. Now, now Jesus even sat I mean there are several places in in in in there where where Jesus called the spirits back into a body. Amen. Now my is is this okay here this morning? &gt;&gt; There there in Mark 5 and39 it says and when he was come in he saith unto them why why make ye this do and weep? The damsel is not dead but sleepeth. and they laughed him to scorn. But when he had put them all out, he takes the father and mother of the damsel and that were with him and enters in where the damsel is lying. And he took the damsel by the hand and said unto her, "Uh, Titha Kami Kumi," which is being interpreted, "Damesel, I say unto thee, arise." And straightway the damel arose and walked, for she was of the age of 12, and they were astonished with great astonishment. So, here it's going. The girl was laying there dead, but Jesus turns around and says, "She sleeps." Hallelujah. Y'all y'all remember Lazarus? Lazarus. Amen. Lazarus had died. And Jesus says, "Amen." Jesus tells his disciples, "I go to wake him." And and the disciples were relieved and said, "Oh, good. He's not dead." And then Jesus turned around plainly and said, "Lazarus is dead, and I'm glad for your sakes I was not there." Amen. And and and so they they all go to Lazarus there in John 11:32. And it says, "And then when Mary was come where where Jesus was and saw him, she fell down at his feet, and she said, Lord, if thou hast been here, my brother had not died." And when Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping, he groaned in his spirit and was troubled and said, "Where have you laid him?" And and and they said unto him, "Lord, come and see." And Jesus wept. And then said the disciples, "Oh, behold how he loved him." And some of them said, "Could not this man which have opened the eyes of the blind have caused that even this man should not have died?" Jesus therefore groaned again, groaned in himself. And he comes to the grave. It was a cave and a stone laid over it. And Jesus said, "Take away the stone." And Martha, the sister of him that was dead, said unto him, Lord, by the time by this time he stinks, for he's been dead for 4 days. And Jesus said unto her, Said not I unto thee, said I not unto thee, that if thou wouldest believe, thou should see the glory of God. And when they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid, Jesus lifted up his eyes and said, "Father, I thank you that thou has heard me. I knew that thou hearest me always, but because of the people would stand by, uh, I I said it, that they may believe that thou has sent me." And when he had this spoken, he cried with a loud voice, "Lazarus, come forth." And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot, with grave clothes, and his face was bound about with a napkin. And Jesus said unto them, "Loose him, and let him go." &gt;&gt; So, you're not dead when you're dead. Well, praise the Lord. Your spirit has just moved out. Now, that's the Christian and the non-Christian alike. Amen. Now, when you when you die, I don't care. Hitler. Amen. I guess we all know how evil Hitler is. Hitler is still alive. You say, "No, he died." And the world's a better place since he's died. Hitler, his soul is still alive. And the Bible says it is appointed unto man once to die and then the judgment. So he's he's waiting to stand. Now will he live forever? No. No. Amen. There will come a time where the soul will die. But the Holy Spirit in you is preparing you to live forever. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. Now this is what they would call the second death. Amen. Now the second death is is is the sinful soul will come to an end. That soul will be eternally separated from God. There in Matthew 10:28 Jesus said, "Fear not them which can kill the body but are a but are not able to kill the soul, but rather fear him that is able to destroy both the soul and the body in hell." Amen. Who are these? They were dead in sin. They were dead to in sin and dead in sin. Dead to righteousness. They did not receive the breath of life from God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Now the the Bible would talk about those who that they're in in in Romans 1 and 21 and it says because when they knew God they glorified him not as God neither were thankful but they but become vain in their imaginations and their foolish heart was darkened professing themselves to be wise they become fools. They changed the glory of the incorruptible God into an image like to the corruptable man or to birds, to for-footed beasts, to creeping things. Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lust of their own heart to dishonor their own bodies between themselves, who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshiped and served the creature more than the creator who was blessed forever more. Hebrews 10:29. How much sorer punishment suppose ye shall he be thought worthy who hath trotten under the foot the son of God and have counted the blood of the covenant wherewith he was sanctified an unholy thing and has done despite unto the spirit of grace. So there will be those who have been re who has been given that opportunity but they have they have decided amen that that they do not want life. Now I'm going to that's the second death. Let's let's just read here in Revelations 20 and 11. I want to bring this in before we go on in. Amen. To the good stuff. Hallelujah. I saw a great white throne. This is this is after amen. This is this is after the rapture. Amen. This now all of the dead. All of the dead are all brought together. This the second resurrection now. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he and he and and he said, "I saw a white throne in him that sat on it from whom the face of the earth and the heaven fled away and there was found no place for them. I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God. The books were open and another book was open which is the book of life. And the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books according to their works. And the sea gave up the dead which were in it. And the death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them. And they were judged every man according to their works. And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire. So this is the ones who did not receive someone smile at me here this morning. Amen. They did not receive the life of God that God gave them through Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But did you know that the Bible says that there is a group of people that that second death will have no hold on? There is Well, let's just read it there. There in there in in in in Revelations 2 and 11. He that have an ear, let him hear what the spirit says unto the churches. He that overcomemeth shall not be hurt of the second death. Revelations 20 and 6. Blessed and holy is he that has a part in the first resurrection. On such the second death hath no power, for they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years. What's the difference? Somebody has received the breath of God. &gt;&gt; Somebody has gone beyond. Amen. I don't want to just be a church member, but I want the breath of God breathe upon me. &gt;&gt; I want the Holy Ghost to come upon me. It'll it'll make it'll it'll make you it'll make you different. Oh, come on now. Amen. It'll it'll it'll take all of those old things that once had you bound. Amen. The breath of God comes upon you. The same life that come upon the dead body of Jesus Christ and raised him from the dead is the same life that is breathing upon you and that is raising your soul from the dead on the inside of you. The oh come on church. Amen. What is it? As the apostle Paul as we read earlier, we were once dead in sin but now the life that was in Christ has quickened me and I'm living again. I'm living. Joy is living. Peace is living. Forgiveness is living. Amen. All of the attributes of God are now living in me. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. How h why why would I want to be miserable when I could be happy? &gt;&gt; Why why would I want to be amended and and in sin when God can set me free and he can give me joy and peace and eternal victory through him? Hallelujah. Well, glory. When you're a slave, you're subject to that. But when Jesus breathes in you, the chains are &gt;&gt; Oh, God. Oh, God. They're they're in they're in they're in in in in Romans the 8th chapter. If uh let me just read it to you again. Hallelujah. Amen. Romans 8 and and 11. Amen. It says uh 8 and10. It's uh well, let's see here. Amen. Romans 8:8. So they that are that are in the flesh cannot please God. But ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit, if so, if the spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he has none of his. But if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. If the spirit of him that raised Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised Jesus Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwells in you. Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh. For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if you through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. You have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father. The spirit itself bears witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children then hes of God, joints with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, we shall also be glorified together. Can I hear an amen? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, God is he has resurrected us. So before the resurrection of these bodies, there's a resurrection of your soul. Before before you before we before the first resurrection, when we're all resurrected, there's first of all got to be the resurrection of the soul. The soul will live to God. Oh, hallel Aren't y'all understanding me? You see that? Do do you see how beautiful it is? You see you see this is why this is why we need some good gospel sound preaching these days because God is saying come out from among the wrath and the judgment because I've not called you to wrath. I've not called you to judgment. I've not called you to the second death. I've called you to eternal life &gt;&gt; and peace and joy and &gt;&gt; glory be. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. That's what he's called us to. Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; I I I listen, I've been serving the God since the Lord since I was a a kid. Amen. And there's been a lot of things. I've made a lot of mistakes. I've made a lot of And I got to tell you, Amen. I I can look back and and and this old mind would take me down memories lane many a time. And it and it and and and even the devil will try to haunt me in dreams and he'll try to haunt me in this that and the other just things I've said or things I've done or Amen. ways I've acted. Amen. And and the devil will try to just constantly Amen. Ju just just constantly try to but I you know what I tell that old devil? I tell that old devil I am not that old man. Amen. The spirit of Christ has come upon me. He's living in me. Are you hearing me? This body, this mind will not make the rest. And even those of us who are alive, the Bible says we shall be changed. &gt;&gt; The Bible says the dead in Christ shall rise and we which are alive shall rise in the air to meet them and we shall be changed. That's what we're preparing for. Gray hair is gone. Amen. Bald heads are gone. Hallelujah. Amen. All of the sickness, all of the trouble, all of the sorrow, all of the earaches, everything is gone. Why? We have prepared for this day. Eternal life dwells in us. This is not the figment of man's imagination. This is reality. &gt;&gt; The breath of life. The church of God is born of the breath of God. Now, I want you to I want you to catch that. I'm going to read that to you again. Jesus breathing on them. It's significant for the Holy Ghost would breathe into this new creation. Jesus is letting them know, I have purchased. I have made a way for this new creation. Now, as the father has called me and sent me, now I'm calling my my elect and I'm sending them. And he breathes upon them and says, "Peace be unto you." Amen. John John 20 and 22 again when he had said this, he breathed on them and said unto them, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Now, I want you to catch this. Do y'all remember what God done there in to Adam? Genesis 2:7. And the Lord formed man out of the dust of the earth and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and man become a living soul. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Your spirit did you know spirit in in the Hebrew is rrook and it means breathe. It means life, &gt;&gt; wind in spirit in the Greek comes from the word numa and it means breath, life, wind. When God in this new creation breathes his life in you, it's the same thing that he done to Adam at the beginning when he become a living soul. God breathe the breath of life. Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. There there in there in John 3 and six, it says, "That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I said unto thee, you must be born again. The wind blows where it lists, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but thou cannot tell whence it comes and whether it goes. So is everyone that is born of the spirit. You can't see the wind. You can't see the the air. Air's blowing through the through this through this these uh these AC system right now. You can't see the air, but you can feel the effects. Air's hitting you. &gt;&gt; You can't see the wind. But you can see the effects in the trees. &gt;&gt; Jesus is saying the wind blows. You don't know where it comes and you don't know what you you you can't you can't see, but you can sure tell the effects of it. And when you're born again, there is that life of God that has come in your soul. There's an effect of it. Your desires are his desires. Amen. The &gt;&gt; I tell you what when when that life comes in you, the Bible says there in Mark uh Mark 16, if you want to put that up there, Sister Keith. Amen. Mark Mark 16 there, in my name, you shall cast out devils. In my name, you shall lay hands on the sick and they recover. In my name, you will speak in new tongues. In my name, oh, you're saying how how can what what is what has taken place? What is different? You still look the same, Brother Wendle. There that holy wind of God. Yeah. Go and put it out there. Amen. These signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. They shall drink deadly thing and it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. What is it? It's the same body. It's the same. You're living in the same house. You're living in the same house. It's just God has breathed his breath into you. He's breathed his breath. Now you're a witness unto him. You're not a witness unto death. You're not a witness unto sin. Now you're a witness unto life. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. The wind. When God blew this new creation, the transformation of the soul in the new creation, Jesus breathing on them was symbolic. Look, look there in Acts two and one. Suddenly there came a sound from heaven as if they rushing mighty wind and it filled all the house where they were sitting and clothe and appeared unto them cloven tongues of fire and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Can you see amen? What is it? There's an exchange. Notice that exchange. through his death for us. His life is made available to us for his death through his death through his taking his death taking our damnation. Him dying in one version they said dying the death. the death, not not this death, the death, him going to hell for you, so that his life could breathe upon us. So his life, it's no wonder there in in Galatians 2 and 20 and I'm reading out of the NIV version, I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I now live in the body, I live by the faith in the Son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. Now catch this there in 1 Corinthian or 2 Corinthians 5 and 21. For he hath made him Christ to be sin for us who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. That's your time to shout hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Romans 5 and8. But God commendeth his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, he died for us. Much more than being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from the wrath through him. For if when we were sinners, we were reconciled to God by the death of his son, much more. Somebody say much more. Being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life. His life. Can you say amen? Oh, glory to God. What is his life? That's the same holy. Did you know that Jesus had the Holy Ghost just like you do? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. The the Bible says there in Acts 10 and and uh uh uh uh 38 how God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power and he went around doing good and healing all that were oppressed of the devil for God was with him. St. John 1 and4 in him was life and the life was the light of men. So as I wind down now, life life is not a religious affair. And this is where I I have I I I I sort of have problems a little bit with mixing tradition with Christ, any kind of tradition with Christ, because we don't want we we we don't we we we we don't want the gospel being mixed with anything. You see, that's what they were doing there in Paul's day. They were taking they were taking the old uh the the old Jewish traditions and mixing it in with the Christian worship. And the Apostle Paul was coming in and saying, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no. How is it you began in the spirit?" Spirit, breath, life, wind. How is it you you began in the spirit and now you're doing all of these carnal things? There's no life in these carnal things. There's nothing there. All you're you're putting your hope and people are putting their hope in these things. There's only one way for life and that is through that great amoya. That's the great Holy Spirit to come and breathe upon you. That's what God's wanting. It ain't an eagle feather with cedar. It ain't a It ain't none of that kind of stuff. Well, you got to you got to find it's where the Holy Spirit is. &gt;&gt; The Holy Spirit coming upon us. Can you say amen? The Apostle Paul says, "It's not in the washing of hands. You're you're going through the rituals of what you used to do." As if that has anything to do. The Apostle Paul says, "I I was the top. I was the top in my religion." He said, "I was at the top, but I have counted it all done that I may win the life of Christ. &gt;&gt; I count all." It's in it's there in the Bible. He he he he goes through it in several places. He does it there in Corinthians. He also does it in Galatians. He he devotes entire chapters to this because he he was one of those guys. But he says, "I've had to I've had to count that all." And then what did he say there in the book of Philippians? I I love this. I'm going to read that to you as we close now. Hallelujah. Philippians the uh third third chapter. Amen. He says now three and three and four or three and one he says finding my brethren rejoice in the Lord to write the same things to you to me indeed is not grievious but for you it is safe. Beware of dogs. Beware of evil workers. Beware of concision. Beware, for we are for we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Jesus Christ, and has no confidence in the flesh. For though I might have confidence in the flesh, if any other man thinkketh that he hath whereof that he might trust in the flesh, I more. I was circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, and Hebrew of Hebrews, as touching the law of Pharisee. Concerning zeal, persecuting the church, touching the righteousness which is in the law, I was blameless. But those things which were gained to me, those I count loss for Christ. Yay, doubtless I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung that I may win Christ if and be found in him, not having my own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith, that I may know him and the power of his resurrection. ction and the fellowship of his sufferings and being made conformable unto his death. If by any means I may attain the resurrection of the dead, not as though I've already attained or either were already perfect, but I follow after if that I may apprehend or arrest that for which I have been arrested of Christ Jesus. Brethren, I count not myself to have arrested it already, apprehended it. But this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth under those things which are before, I press. Somebody say, I press. &gt;&gt; I press &gt;&gt; toward the mark for the prize of the high calling in Christ Jesus. Let us therefore, as many be perfect, be thus minded. If any man think any uh any other mind, God will reveal this to you. Can you say amen? So what is that telling me? I had tradition. I had the tradition of the Pentecostal faith. I had I had I had to leave it behind. I had to leave those things behind in order to come and walk with Christ because his spirit, his spirit spoken word is leading me. I cannot remain in the same place that I was. He's leading me. It's not a set place. In the Old Testament, the Israel when they come out of Egypt, they had to follow that pillar of fire. Whenever that pillar of fire moved, it was the spirit, the breath of God. It was the it was the great logos of God. Amen. It it it was the word. It was the that pillar of fire. Every time it moved, they had to move with it. &gt;&gt; And I had to do it. And oh, how hard it was for me. Oh, how hard as I was looking at all of these things and I seen it in the scripture and I and I be to I said, "Oh, I've got to leave it behind." Slowly, God began to take these things from me. It was his breath. It was God leading me. You know what he was doing? He was cutting all of the things that were keeping me bound. He was cutting it loose. Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God gave me a dream. I was I was whenever God was trying to deal with me. Come on, you got to come out. Sister Carol will remember. Amen. And and and I I I was you know, the Lord just began to deal with me saying, "I I'm not pleased with you. I'm not pleased with you." And here I was, you know, man, we had a hot band. And uh we had we had we had good musicians. We had we had good singers. We had I mean I was I was I was doing everything for the Lord. I was I was even putting I was putting ads in papers and I I mean I was I was I we I listen we were we were working hard. uh uh we I mean for the Lord and yet I was putting emphasis on things that was not pertaining to his word and and I and and I remember having a dream and in this dream it was it was a two-part dream. It was I had it one night and then it the next night and I and and without just going all the into the details, I I seen the church full and and and uh we were working, as I say, we were working hard with the alcoholics and the and the drug addicts and just really working hard and and but I I seen the church. I was trying to start it and I I was trying to get up and start the church and everyone was all visiting and and the people were fighting over chairs and this that and the other in the dream and I and I'm sitting there trying to preach and we couldn't and and and and the presence of the Lord just something spoke and said, "Is this the kind of work you want to do for me?" In other words, you're bringing confusion And I I I sat there and I and and it was like there was a spirit. The Lord was showing me that I am being controlled by something. Well, I I I woke up that next I woke up out of after this, you know, that morning and man, I didn't even go to work. I called in. And I said, "Man, this I was so deprived." I mean, it was that dream got to me. It was bad. And then and then the next night, that next day, I was praying and just crying out to God. The next night, the dream started all over again. And then it was I I was I was in this dream and I was I was in this wilderness. I was a confusion and and there was uh you know I I I but I was looking for something and I couldn't find it and I was looking and then I was going up and down and trying to find where I was where I was going and then I was told you've missed it. You you you've got it's it's the it's the small trail and I and I so I went down there and and and there was still the woods all around me. But I came around and there was this and and in the woods I I I I found some music, some old music. And man, drums halfway broke, guitar strings busted. There was music on and I and and me being a musician, I'm I'm over there and I'm I'm trying to fix the strings and and trying to fix this and trying to do this and and and get the piano to going and and I and and and there was a man that appeared to me and said, "You got to leave this behind and you got to go on." And I I just kept on working and and the man says, "You've got to leave this behind." And I I followed then I went over the guitar and I was trying and I and finally there was and then he got stern. I said, "You've got to leave it behind." I turn around and there's where I seen that prophet. He said, "I'll lead you if you'll follow." So reluctantly, I left it behind and we came across and there was this there was this great great oasis and this and this and and and there were it was just beautiful out came out of the wilderness and he said, "Do you want me to teach you how to fish?" And I I said, "Yes, sir. I would I'd like to learn to fish." And you know, others were out there. I don't know. He threw something out and out there like in a box and and just jumping into it and and and and as he's pulling it in, I I'm I'm weeping and he turns around to me and he says, "If you will be sincere, you will teach my people." Well, then I woke up and I my pillow's all wet and I I I and and and there there was a little glow at the foot of the bed. Now, that might not mean much to you, but it meant a whole lot to me because God was already teaching me. He was showing me, you've got to leave the traditions that you were raised in. You've got to leave those things behind. You've got you've got to come further up, you've got in order to walk with me. That doesn't mean that I couldn't play music anymore. It doesn't mean and and and we're not we're not we're not saying that that you that that that you don't, you know, but there there's there's good in all things, but there is a limit. We have got to watch what we are and and and what spirit is is motivating the thing. I could never go back and put the emphasis on music like it once was. And buddy, at one time I thought I was a good musician. I don't play anymore, so it's hard. Amen. But at one time we could listen, we had a good band. Amen. We did. Hallelujah. But you see, well, we still have a good band, but I'm saying even back then, we we were doing it for a little bit different, a little bit different purpose back then. We were using the music to attract and it wasn't the word to attract. Y'all understand what I'm saying? And the spirit of the Lord would begin to deal with me in order for me to fulfill the purpose. I've got to follow that breath of life. And I just want to say this this morning in closing and thank you for your patience today. Every one of you have been saved for a purpose. Jesus, I want you to put yourself where those disciples are at right now. Where those disciples, what Jesus had raised from the dead, they thought that they thought it was all over. He's raised. He's showing himself to them. He's now breathing and saying, "Now, as I have been sent for a purpose to redeem you, receive you the Holy Ghost, for you will be a witness unto me. Not my will, but thy will be done." Do I make sense? You're not going to do what you want. You've got to do what he wants. God has called you for a higher purpose, a deeper calling. Hallelujah. He calls us when we are at our He He allows us to get to the bottom. Every one of us. He allows us to get to our bottom so that we have nothing to give. so that he he can use us. He allows us to get to the point where our backs against the wall so that he when you think I am no good to you, Lord, I'm no good. There's no my backs. What What can I have to offer? A surrendered will is all he's looking for. A surrendered heart that says, "I have nothing." God says, "I'll use you now." When all hope is gone, when everything then you hear the Praise the Lord. I believe the wind still blows. I believe the breath of God still blows today. You say, "Well, I'm I'm too old." No, no. Moses was 80. Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. God knows what he's doing in you and God can still and that. But just I don't care if you're at home and it seems like you're you're sort of stoled up. Just just just remember the breath of God is on the inside of you. Just remember, God just blows upon you and he can use you in prayer. He can use you on many mighty things. If the musicians would come, receive ye the Holy Ghost. See how the Holy Ghost is important. Flow through me, Lord. Flow through me. Oh my. Did you know the Bible says that when they came out of that upper room, when they were filled with the Holy Ghost, the Bible says, "And the apostles gave great witness to the resurrection with signs and wonders following." Read the book of Acts. The book of Acts. Now the the the there Matthew, Mark, Luke, John is the four gospels talking about Jesus. But then the book of acts after the Holy Spirit has breathed upon them. Read the book of acts. This is the works that God was doing through the redeemed. Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, the four gospels. They was the works that God was doing through the redeemer, the perfect son of God. Acts is the works of the Holy Spirit done to the redeemed. those who were lost and fallen, but God gave life to and now they are performing his works. I don't know if this message has meant as much to you as it has to me, but I tell you what, I' I I I I I've been struggling a little bit with that with my ear, but uh uh you know, this week and uh but as I was as I was just thinking along these thoughts, the breath of God, the life of God, the Oh my I thought, "Oh, God, here I am. Amen." Uh uh uh. Oh, man. That that that that that was a rough earache, man. That was a rough earache. And uh uh you know, and I I I but I'm saying, "Oh, but in this old body is a living breath. In your old body, mama, in your body, you get weary and tired, but in that body is the breath of God, the life of God." &gt;&gt; Well, glory. That make you want to shout? You don't get this. You don't You don't get this by joining a church. You get this by God coming [Music] today. Do you need a fresh breath of God? You say, "Can I get I I received the Holy Ghost 20 years ago." The Bible says in in the fourth chapter that they were also needing the breath of God again. and they were going through the trials and the tribulations the Acts Acts 4 that the you know there there would there was a man that was healed and now they're being persecuted and and uh and it was the Bible says that you know they seen where they had uh took knowledge that they had been with Jesus and beholding the man that was healed they could say nothing against it and and now they're beating them and they're they're doing these things and and and and and they're praying the the the the disciples are praying and I'm just breaking in here but uh Acts 4 and 29. And now Lord, behold their threatenings and grant unto thy servants that with all boldness they may speak thy word by stretching forth thine hand to heal and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus. And when they had played prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and spake the word of God with boldness. They were refilled. So I say one filling and many refillings breathing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] me [Music] flow. [Music] Are there any surrendered hearts here this morning? As I lift my hand to worship and to magow through me. Flow through me. Oh flow through me. Holy Spirit flow. [Music] Flow through me. Jesus flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Yes. Yes. Yes. As I lift my hands to worship. Yes, Lord. And to magnify. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow. Is there someone here that's not living as close to the Lord as you should? Is there someone here that maybe you're not living yet? You're alive to sin and death to righteousness. Why don't you let God breathe upon your soul? You'll breathe it unto eternal life. The Bible says when you receive the Holy Ghost, you receive it. You are sealed until the day of your redemption. Right now, it don't take the preacher laying hands on you. It takes him breathing life. And he's right here. Y'all stop by your chair, your bench this morning. Just say, "Lord, here I am." Breathe your breath upon me. Breathe the breath of life. Here I am. I need you. Oh, flow through me. Oh spirit, flow through me. [Music] Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Yes. Yes. Yes. As I lift my hands. Oh, and magnify thy name. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. One more time. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. [Music] flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Yes. Yes. Yes. As I lift my hands, I love you, Lord, and magnify your name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow. God bless you. Hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful? How he loves us. His spirit. His spirit is here. How he loves. How he loves us. You can feel his presence. That's him letting you know. You're mine. I love you. [Music] Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] There's a real sweetness of his presence. I I I believe the breath of God is blowing here this morning. Presence of the Lord is here this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh my. Oh my. Living life. That's what Christ wants. He wants us living. Every one of us alive. Amen. Lord, Lord, I give you my heart. You know that song? Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, Every moment I'm away. Lord, have your way in me. Oh, this is my desire. Is that your desire? to honor you, Lord, with all of my heart. I worship you. [Music] Oh, all I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, [Music] oh Lord. Lord, I give you my heart. &gt;&gt; I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way with me. [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you now. Just want to say how good it has been. I don't see Sister Pammy still back there. Amen. Good to good to have Sister Pammy with us and and she'll be heading back to the Carolas here before long and um so been good to have her here in Oklahoma. So good to have our friends here and and I hope y'all enjoyed yourself this morning. Now, I was told that you guys are newly married. Okay. Okay. Here soon. Okay. All right. Well, I tell you what, we're uh we're just so excited to to have you two with us here this morning. And uh we we've got we've got lunch over there at the fellowship hall and we we'd invite y'all to come. These girls, we got us guys are all fat for for a good reason. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm here to tell you, you come over there and you'll get fat. Amen. And uh and so uh uh so you you'd be welcome. So uh make make sure someone it's it's not here on the ground. It's over on Fifth and Elm, but somebody will take you over there, show y'all, meet y'all. But u but really good really good to have y'all today. God richly bless y'all. And um and uh just just good to really really good to have our friends from um from Henrietta and uh just been so delightful having you guys. Man, this just wants we can just make this uh we can just make this permanent. Amen. And uh I know it's a long drive and and um but so glad uh you know, brother uh Applegate, you know, he's he's he's hard to see and and that and he drives this way, you know, and but sometimes his eyes they they just they don't see good at all. So, he can't drive. And uh and so, but it's so good to have them. They they've been Man, this is like four Sundays in a row. I mean, this is like my goodness, five Sundays, something like that. And uh so, we just it's just really nice. Really nice having y'all. Praise the Lord. Well, how many how many be glad to have all the other ones back? Amen. We missing missing everyone while they're gone. And uh praise the Lord. I uh just love all of you. I I think if everyone driving, you know, so far, brother brother Steve and sister Karen have have have been coming here for I don't know over 10 years and and uh they drive all the way from Springfield every Sunday and they usually stay till Sunday night, too. And that's that's three and a half hour drive one way. And um you know I just appreciate friends like all of y'all. I really do. I brother Steve I I sure love you and and love sister Karen. You guys are just really special to us. Amen. Love all of you. Praise the Lord. How many loves your pastor? &gt;&gt; Good. Good. Good. So God is good. We should love one another, shouldn't we? Amen. Well, just try and get everyone smiling here. Amen. All right, so let's let's dismiss. We'll go ahead and say the prayer. Father, we just want to thank you for your word. Thank you for your grace. Thank you for Lord, your your message that never fails. And Lord, I just pray that you would be with us throughout the day, that you would bless our food, Lord, bless our meal. Just pray that you would bless the hands that have prepared it. Lord, just make it health and strength to our bodies. We love you, Father. We in Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. [Music] And I'll let you [Music]
