################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 2025-04-06 Bro Wendall Martin Testimony Service - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   2025-04-06 Bro Wendall Martin "Testimony Service"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bsw6_pvR3o
========================================

[Music] No matter what I go through, he knows what's best for [Music] me. My father knows [Music] he's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He put that sweet assurance way down in my soul. He's got it all. Aren't you glad that he's got it all in control? Amen. Well, we're sure glad to be uh here in the house of the Lord today and u sure is good to see Bella with us here this evening. God bless you. And u we we got to be in service Wednesday night with there in in Claremore. U with uh went down there, Brother Michael and I uh went down with brother Andrew and u and you know just uh looking there in the service as as the service was going on and and to see the young people there in um in the church there just really pressing on entering into the service and left a good impression on me sister Bella. Amen. and all of you young people over there and uh seeing everyone. Uh I I think I think this is this is not just an old man's gospel, but this is a an old man, young man. This is a kids gospel. Amen. Red, yellow, black, and white. Amen. We're all We're all in this thing together. And so we're fixing to turn the service to Brother Kobe, but tonight's just going to be a a testimony service. We just want everyone to be free to interact and um so anyone who has a testimony um and then at the end sister Bella will be ministering the word for us. Amen. Just joking. Amen. But uh uh so we we want and I I forgot to just I just totally forgot this morning. But Nathaniel, it is good to have you here. And uh you don't get a finer young man than than brother Nathaniel. And uh and if you don't believe me, ask him. He'll tell you. And uh so but we appreciate uh we we we appreciate Brother Nathaniel. It's been so good to have him here. and uh uh he and and brother uh Ma Mike MKA Micaia uh he's he's uh uh they've they've been doing some work over there at Brother Austin's and and uh and helping out a little bit over there. And then they've also uh man they've they've caught a bunch of fish since they've been back to Oklahoma. And um uh so when we have our fish fried, we'll have those two fellas to thank uh on on top of but once Anyways, Amen. But uh we're glad they've enjoyed themselves. Um so we're going to we're going to turn it to brother Kobe and um I just Hey, feel free. We want we want to hear how many enjoyed youth camp. Amen. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Um we we were so blessed, you know, the um the the wonderful support. Um we had such wonderful support even from uh from from Louisiana who puts on their camp. They they are the they they are the uh what what would we call that? The the the mama of camps. Uh huh. the pioneer I guess of and and u um been doing it for for 30 years or so and and um but uh we we had such wonderful support from brother Tim's church and of course brother Timothy uh ministered and then u true word uh they were just wonderful support with uh with all of their the counselors from both places and so we we want to say God bless Brother Tim and Brother Wayne and and their groups there for their help. My my my and um you know what an inspiration uh these these camps have been and and we do it uh for you young people. And um so and we also want to say God bless all of you who worked labored so hard uh during the whole week uh with the food. And I know I know uh there's some of you sisters were were in it day in day out there at the concession stand. and and I just say God bless you all for all of your labors of love and then all the counselors and and um I thought it went really well this year. I I we didn't know going in. We didn't know exactly how it was going to turn out, but uh it it it was very well. So, we're just going to turn it over, brother Kovi now. And and but we before we do, let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we just this is a night of thanksgiving to you, Lord. I know that we've got uh uh several missing here this weekend, but Lord, we just ask that you would be in everything that is that is done and said, Lord, with with all of our heart, we thank you. We love you for being so good to us, Lord. And I I ask Lord that you would you would just uh enjoy all of the all of the songs that are sung to you, all of the testimonies that are given to you, Lord. But Lord, we also ask that you would sanction it, Lord, with your presence tonight. Lord, we want you to, Lord, to anoint us and and be with us, Father, love you with all of our heart. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see what the Lord has done for me. Sing that again now. Let the weak, let the weak say, I am strong. Yes. Let the poor say, I am rich. Let the blind say, I can see what the Lord has done for me. Hosana. Hosana. [Music] Hosana to the lamb that was slain. [Music] Hosana. Jesus died and rose again into the river. I will wait. There my sins are washed away. From the heavens mercy streams of the Savior's love for me. Hosana. [Applause] Hosana. Hosana. Thank you Lord. Yes. Thou was slain. Hosana. [Music] Hosana Jesus died. Can we do that last verse now? Oh, I will rise from waters deep. Yes, I will. Into the saving arms of God. I will sing song for Jesus Christ has said heaven. Can you say that tonight? Oh, hosana to the lamb. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died. One more time now. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. [Music] Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Jesus blinded all my darkness. sparked my heart within. His grace and mercy lit a passion consumed consumed my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop, I'll shout through the night. I am a lamb made for his glory. Yes, I am. I will not hide. Will not hide. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till we sing that again now. Oh, I thank you all. So left the world. Yes, Lord. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has heard. This love will never be extinguished. Oh my, it's alive wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. his spirit in me. Oh, I've been so lit. Yes, Lord. Shout it from Oh, shout [Music] it. Shout it till one has heard. I love this. Jesus has changed my life. His name be How many can say this tonight? His holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire burns inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire's burned inside of [Music] me. I cannot hold inside. I cannot keep it. Why? This holy fire's burned inside of me without music now. Oh, now I've been touched by a fire. Yes. Shout it from Oh, shout it. Shout it till everybody together now. Once again. Oh, I've been so Yes, Lord. Oh, shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has heard. Hallelujah. Have you been touched by that fire? Amen. Brother Michael knows once that fire gets started, it's hard to contain it. Amen. And once God gets inside of your life and does a complete change, it's hard to contain that fire. Hallelujah. Can you say amen to that? Amen. Can we sing that song? I don't know what you've come to do, but I've come to praise the Lord. I believe it's G. Maybe. I don't know what you come to do, but I've come to praise the Lord. Oh, now I don't know what you come to do, but I've come to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we go up a key? Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I've come to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Go a part. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, now I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. [Music] But I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelu. Hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] I said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I couldn't keep it to No, I couldn't keep it to myself. No, I I swear I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I couldn't keep it to myself what the Lord has done for me. You ought to have been there. Oh, you ought to been there when he saved my soul. Oh, you ought to been there when he put my name on the road. And I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. Well, I said I wasn't going to testify, but I Oh, no. But I Oh, but I I said that I wasn't going to testify, but I what the Lord has done for me. Tell somebody tonight, you ought to been there when he saved my soul. Oh, you ought to been there. When he put my name on the road, and I started walking, I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. You ought to been there. Oh, you ought to been there. When he saved my soul. Oh, you want to be there. When he took my name on the road and I started walking, I started singing and I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. I said I wasn't going to shout for joy, but I Oh, no. But I But [Music] I saved my soul. You ought to have been there. When he put my name on the road, I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. And I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. You ought to been there. Oh, you ought to been there when he saved my soul. You ought to been there when he put my name on the road. I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. And I started shouting about what the Lord has done for [Music] me. Amazing grace shall always be my soul of praise. For it was grace that bought my [Music] liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me. soul. He looked beyond He looked beyond all my faults and saw my need. I shall forever, oh I shall [Music] forever lift my eye to Calary. [Music] to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How [Music] marvelous the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond all my faults and sought my [Music] need. Amen. And God bless you. Now you may be seated. Like to open up the floor for testimonies. And Sister Titha, has there been any testimonies on Facebook from from any of the kids at all? Okay. But I'd like to open up the floor especially for our young people. Be nice if we can hear our our young people. Asked Dylan if he had a test a uh a song. He said he didn't have a song, but he did have a notebook full of testimonies from what I hear. No, I'm just kidding. But Lord, bless whoever is going to come up and give their testimony. Amen. Not everybody at once. Amen. Amen. We are opening up the floor for whoever, but we like to hear our youth if we can tonight as well. Amen. All right, brother Luke. You have a testimony tonight. Amen. Put him on the spot. Okay. So, I really enjoyed camp. I had a lot of fun. Uh the Lord definitely uh blessed me and uh definitely got the refilling of the Holy Ghost. But uh when I arrived at camp Thursday night, uh I don't know what happened, but I arrived there and the devil just cast a spirit of depression and sadness on me Thursday night after service and all day Friday, I was having trouble. I could not relate to anybody. I was constantly just wandering off to my dorm wanting to just cry and hide. At lunch, I was hanging out with friends and one of my friends that I trust more than anyone said something very hurtful. Uh after camp, they apologized. But uh later on, I realized I took those words cuz Friday night I got so desperate before the Lord. I went down to the altar and I prayed and prayed and prayed and Friday night the Lord delivered me from that spirit and I was able to enjoy the rest of the camp with my friends and like I said got the refilling of the Holy Ghost. Amen. That's awesome. They are. Yes. [Music] not in a meeting. It's just those those dumb old devils will do that. But you done the right thing. Go to that altar and call out and and ask God for deliverance, man. And so I I like that testimony. I uh got to say I really appreciate the um the atmosphere that was created by everybody for my kids. I I missed it during the prayer line. I usually enjoy seeing my kids go through it, but they were saying that Eric was just sobbing and all all the kids that went through was just crying. So that that means a lot for me as a parent watching my kids get older about to have a a teenager for the kids. So pray for me. But while my kids are soft, it's it's it's amazing how they can there's an atmosphere for them to to go through and and to live in. So thank you from the bottom of my heart for this church, for everything you do for my kids. Amen. Anyone else? Anyone else? All right, I'm g start popping them off. Brother Dylan, you have a testimony tonight. Amen. Say, "Lord, bless Brother Dylan." Amen. Uh well, uh yeah, the meetings were they're great. Um I know that the Saturday night that prayer line uh the anointing was so strong up there was just uh it's really good to go through there and get a touch from the Lord that Saturday night. But um all the all the services were just great and um yeah appreciate the brothers coming down and preaching those. Those are really good services. And yeah. Amen. What can we say about our musicians as well? I thought they thought they did a good job. Amen. Yeah. All right. Brother Jonah, you have a testimony tonight? I know he had work a few Sorry for the hair. I didn't see you walk up. Well, I was saying I wasn't going to do this before, but um well, I'll say that uh everyone knows I just moved out, so I've been struggling, you know, reading. I just been real busy. Haven't been able to focus on the Lord very much. And um so that's what I kind of went for. But, uh, Saturday night, uh, I always went to the prayer lines like, um, I don't know. I kind of looked at it like I don't know, like I don't know. I didn't really look at it very much different than just going to the altar. But then, brother Andrew took it and was like, you're walking through the Red Sea, you know? You got to step through. And I really spoke to me. I was like, wow. And then, uh, after camp, I thought, well, I think I guess that really helped me. And then I started reading. I started breathing with Bella a lot more and uh I just want to thank Lord for that. Yes sir. [Music] Um camp was great. Um, it was also very uh a very weird time for uh for me and my wife. Um, as y'all know, when I posted after camp, um, I found out the Thursday afternoon before we drove over to the camp, um, that I was, uh, no longer going to be employed. And so, um, we got over there and, um, I I started off started off Thursday. My wife didn't know what was going on. Um, she had known there was some different stuff going on at work, but um, I couldn't bring myself to actually tell her what had happened. And so, we went to camp. She didn't know what was going on. Um I uh whether it was the the wisest choice or not um I think it was the choice that was led of the Lord and that I I told her on Friday. Um we were at camp she couldn't back out of going. Um she was there. Um and so but it gave her her a place where then she was able to uh talk to some friends and then we were able to go spend time with brother Wendell and cry and let out a a lot of things that that we were going through. Um and um I don't you know it's one of those where I know we were at a uh a youth camp um but really it felt like there were um particularly points through through really every service where um the ministers were preaching right to me um and right to the situation that that I was dealing with at that moment. Um, and I know that I'm sure in their heads and hearts, they were thinking, I'm I'm preaching to the kids and what they're going with, but there was plenty of times when I was when I was sitting there and they're going, "Hey, you have to be trusting in God. You have to be putting everything into him." And I'm sitting there going, "Yep, I got I got nothing. So, Lord, this is this is all you." Um, and uh, the services were all all wonderful, but I'll say the same thing about about the prayer line. And the prayer line for me was different this year because um, this was the first year where I ever stood right at the entrance of of the prayer line. Um, and Brother Wendell has has mentioned before and talked before about how the angel of the Lord will kind of stand right at the the start of that prayer line and um to be standing there and I'd be watching, you know, there were some people that way down the line they're already crying, but a lot of people they'd be coming up, you know, they were they were serious. They were they were doing their best to enter in. It'd be right here, they're fine. One step forward and suddenly they're balling. they're doing whatever. It's like they haven't even gotten to the point where the ministers are touching them. Right. And I could see I I knew the point because I watched it happen time after time where person would take this one step and suddenly it would just hit them and this and it was it was the barrier like there was no physical line but I could see the change that happened as person after person would step across across the line and step into that presence and um and then just watching and and being right there to see as as as brother Tim and and brother as brother Timothy and brother Andrew would just be grabbing them and entering in and um and uh you know I'm I'm one of those that I don't I don't know that I necessarily feel it the same way as everyone else. Um I feel it but it doesn't I don't know. I'm just doesn't hit me quite the same way as everyone else. But being in the presence and just watching how the Lord would work on each one. And um it's a very it's a very intimate moment cuz even as they're going through and it's like this is a fast prayer line. This is not meant for it to be very long. Still seeing these brothers that they would grab a person and some of them you would know, okay, they they know this person is from their church or from whoever. But there were many of them where like they don't know who this person is and they would it is it was it wasn't a generic prayer. They would be hitting and you could tell the spirit of the Lord was dealing with each person that was coming through and you know not to the point of like when the the prophet would be discerning and saying this is your name. This is where you're from. But at the same time discerning and praying in a way that you could tell was dealing with something specific. This wasn't just Lord touch them as they come through or Lord bless them. This was the spirit of the Lord coming in going we need to deal with this and we need to deal with that. and being in that moment and um you know, brother brother Cole, we may not have gotten to see it, but I got to see all the youth coming through and um all the ones from our church and seeing them as they would step across that line and suddenly be be weeping as they were going through the line and and having the opportunity for me standing there to be praying for them directly to go, Lord, I pray that you would touch this one cuz I know this person. I mean, I could pray for all of them coming through, but to see the ones that were coming through that was, you know, this is one of the kids from my church or this is my son or my daughter. Um, and it was just a a really special a special place for me to be able to to be in an experience after coming through a day or two where I was battling, I was dealing with with my different things. And then to go into it and just see the Lord moving, the Lord addressing, and see the Lord dealing with it. And whether it was the kids coming through or whether it was just different members from the church that I knew or even seeing my own wife going through, seeing the Lord dealing with each one as they went through was just such a special time and a special place to be in. Um, and it's just something that I know that I'll whether there will be other prayer lines where I get the same spot. I this one's going to stand out because it was the first one where I really got to see this and experience this and it was it was just a real blessing. Can we can we stand just for a minute? I think brother Michael has a testimony. Can we stand real quick and let you stretch your legs for a minute and can we look sing Look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done in you. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. Oh, each day he's just the [Music] same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. One more time now. Oh, now look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. Oh, he saved me just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. Each day it's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. Now, you may be seated. Amen. Well, I enjoyed uh youth camp. I still consider myself youth and some of the youth that I bring in wouldn't be here if I wasn't here. So, so but uh I always I always have liked or enjoyed youth camp especially since this year we haven't had to do so much loading and unloading and man it's it's been great. Yeah. So u appreciate everybody's uh work that went on there and and um just to kind of and I really liked enjoying riding the golf carts. That was really fun. And uh but uh just kind of looking around and just seeing seeing the uh the vision and kind of seeing where we come from and camp and where we where we are now and and um sure appreciate all of the the elders vision, you know, seeing what's going on because we got the potential to put on just a really big camp and um then the ministers that have been brought in and to preach to the way that they u the way that they do And like brother was saying, brother Harry was saying, I mean, people from all different levels, whether it's youth and the and the the elder people, I guess you call it, you know, the that come, you know, they can receive from there. And then um you know I know the people that own the camp don't realize you know the style of of church that we have you know and to see the the kids actually entering in um blesses my heart you know and you guys uh creating the atmosphere to where the spirit of the Lord can come and be there and and I felt the Lord's presence real strong even all the way in the back there and and um it done my heart to see our youth blessed and um you know done my heart good to see uh actually you know how effective the youth camps are because a lot of a lot of the people you know that I kind of hang out with around there you know they went to youth camps too you know and and the Lord can really you know do something for them you know while they're at camp and kind of ground and stabilize you and and um you know so I was just really blessed by the the ministry I liked the uh the point that Brother Andrew made about the Red Sea, you know, and I thought that was a really valid point going through the prayer line and uh the message there at the end, Brother Timothy and um you know, it just did it just did my heart good to see everybody just blessed and and uh see uh a lot of our youth musicians and the uh uh you know, the song leading and the different brothers and different ones that are helping out and uh and I just really enjoyed enjoyed the camp and was blessed by it. So [Applause] Joe here as it always is, you know, from my first time going um what seven years ago Yeah, I mean it's just every year it just gets even better. Uh going to the prayer line uh was wonderful. Uh I got really blessed by God. Uh got a total deliverance. And uh I want to thank God for that. when me and you was out drinking coffee and uh you know how my stomach is with all that coffee I've been battling and I said by his stripes I'm healed. I didn't say nothing but something come down I can drink coffee. I'm drinking coffee today fellowship hall and I want to thank God for that too. Amen. That's awesome. I want to say we we did appreciate our our night guards. Amen. They don't get talked about enough, but they're the first ones up. Last ones to bed, so appreciate them. Brother Patrick made it interesting the first the first morning. Hey, everybody loved it. He would go around with the uh the megaphone and play music trying to get everybody up and he came up to me. He's like, "Now, I don't understand." He goes, "I'm supposed to be punishing these kids by playing this music and getting them out of bed, but they were loving it." So, yeah, we had we had a good time. We appreciate all of all of their help. Amen. Anyone else? Brother Nathaniel. Okay. First of all, I want to say thank you to all all of y'all that have put this together and all. Everything was just amazing. Uh camp here has always been a huge highlight of my year. So, want to thank y'all. And then, uh so, first of all, uh I came to camp and I had different problems like I had a few complexes that I've just really been battling with. And then uh I just had a real desire to get a refilling of the Holy Ghost. So I came down or whatever. And first service, brother Andrew preaches and talking to us about the forecast or whatever and how this whole weekend is just going to be nothing but deliverances and breakthroughs and all that. So I was like, man, this is going to be a good week. So yeah, but uh I just want to say uh that I received the refilling of the Holy Ghost. Those complexes that I had, the Lord completely took them away and that I just had an awesome time and thank all of y'all for making this happen. [Applause] You have a song as well. This guy, this guy can sing. Sister Denise, I want to say that doing the youth camps the last few years, seeing our kids growing up, seeing them come back married and then the next year they're coming back with their children is really an awesome thing to see. And seeing the excitement when they check in to, you know, because they just know something's going to happen. Well, something happened to me at youth camp, too. I've been holding on to this. I'm sorry, brother Window. I never shared this with you last night, but um since youth camp, I have not had one stomach problem at all. Not one pain, not one nausea, nothing. And I had I had to go for an enzyme shot because, you know, the pancreas is not producing enzymes anymore. The blood test was normal. Everything was normal. The digestive enzymes are normal. There was no shots given. And I can actually drink milk and eat foods that I haven't been able to eat in a long time. So, the Lord really touched me there and has healed that pancreas. [Applause] Well, I guess I can qualify for uh youth camp. This is my second childhood. But um this year I went and it seemed like there was an expectation. I didn't know what was going to happen because I know, you know, we volunteer to to help wherever we can and and that was exciting in itself too because we didn't have to do as as much. But um when they started preaching and I kept thinking I just like you know he just like it's coming it's coming you know when he said that forecast and the Red Sea when he got there all the the things that I've carried for years that I thought were gone I could feel them. They just they just left. And there's some things that were that were really really hurtful as a as a little girl that I kept saying that every time that I go to the altar or whatever, it something comes back and it nags at me and it says you're not you're not delivered. you know, nobody cares about this or they see it in you and and that Satan was just kind of picking at me and I always tell them, "Get lost cuz you've already lost." And um this year when I went through that line, I was watching the kids, Katrina and I were sitting together and as that line was going around, the closer it got, you could tell straight across from us that that you could feel it. It was so strong that that you could see the the faces on them that they were entering in. And as they got up closer to that, I thought, "Wow, something's fixing to bust loose here any minute." And as they got there, like brother Harry said, you can you can feel it. It's just like that threshold. They were just stepping into I saying the Red Sea, you know, cuz cuz that's where the deliverance came. And um myself when I went up there I kept thinking I've been praying for quite a while for specifically for brother Duran's healing my sister Toto who's who's now almost totally blind and different ones of my grandchildren who have um addiction problems and and I thought well a week before we had camp something happened to my hip and every time I'd step on it my hip would hurt so so bad. And I just said, "Lord, you're going to take care of it cuz I'm going and doing my thing. I'm going to help wherever I can and I know you're going to take care of it." And that first night we stepped in there, it was like um I could feel it. It felt better. I can step on it. I could walk on it. I could do things. I could lift and do all those things. And by the time I got up to that line that Saturday night when I was going to step into that into the realm is what I in my mind keep calling it. It was gone. It was just it left. And I thank you Lord for healing my body. And I my prayer for myself was was Lord one more time just give me the strength to do it one more time. And when I got in there and before I never I was always just praying, thanking the Lord, you know, every time I went to a prayer line, but this time it's like the Lord opened my ears because um when brother Andrew touched me, it's just like like something just popped in my spirit and I heard him say that I've been praying for my my native people, my Indian nation. And he said, "It's granted." And that's what popped because before the Lord comes, all Native Americans have to hear hear this message. Has to hear about the Lord. And that's been that's been my prayer for my people. I know it was I always said to myself, that's a tall order, but my God is so much bigger than any problem this world has to offer. So I I heard that and it was like, "Thank you, Lord. I've been praying that that their spiritual eyes be open, their spiritual ears be open so that they can hear him calling me in their heart." And I said, "Lord, one sweep." Because the natives, we believe in the spiritual realm and one sweep is all it's going to take that that all of them are going to see who he really is and it's going to happen. I believed that with all my heart. And and as I was going through the line, I kept hearing things that that I had been, you know, how sometimes when you when you pray, you're going down the road and you're you're praying and and you you drop a little prayer about something. I heard those being answered as I walk through that line. And I thought, Lord, you're so mindful. I don't care how old I am or what what I think might be little bitty problems to to a lot of people, but you're so mindful. You heard it. You answered it. And I just thank him for it because this this camp was really for me. And and I seen my family before I got to the end. I seen my family coming coming to him coming together. So, I just thank the Lord for that camp and I love him and I love my church and I thank you for creating that atmosphere, all you you folks that are up there on that stage because that atmosphere is what did it for everybody. It it allowed those preachers to to step in there and just deliver what the Lord had for each and every one of us. And every time they spoke directly to me and I want to thank you all. God bless you for what you do. [Applause] Amen. As brother Caleb's getting ready to come, I want to say appreciate all the prayers to Grandpa. I I don't know if you noticed, but we had six services and Grandpa, I believe, was at all all six of them, wasn't he? Or at least all the nights. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Amen. So yeah, and uh I you know I u he he wanted me to take him to get a haircut uh Monday and um you know so I come to the house and u you know he he gets up without any help gets up and walking to the door and and I'm wanting to tell him you know uh better grab that cane and and then I thought you No, I'm not going to hinder his faith. And and uh I tell you what, he walked right out to the car as if it was nothing. Got out of the car, went to the went into the barber, sit on the Hallelujah. Amen. Wonderful savior. Amen. Well, we all know how big that auditorium is at the camp. And on Grandpa's testimony, he said he walked made three trips to the front and the back. Wasn't he carrying chairs or something? Carrying something? No, he was he was coming up carrying microphone cords and and things, guitar stands up from that stage all the way back there to the truck area there. So, it was uh well, all I can say is I I told dad I said, you know, this is I I just as God can do that that I believe that every symptom, every shake, every God can do those things before we even have a body change. Amen. I just believe it. It's going. I I believe miracles are coming. Amen. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. Mine's a little bit of it's a testimony in a song. I like to tell the testimony first. That's okay. So, not too many people knew if any at all. Just these past just two years or even three or four, however long I've been a Christian or have claimed to be one, I've just been fighting something. And I wrestled with it for just so long. And I didn't know what it what it was. I couldn't find out what it was. And I thought maybe it's just one singular thing in my past that I did. Then I can be free from everything. And it didn't work out like that. Every time I thought I would be delivered of something, I ran right back to it. And um I'm going to have to go down this rabbit hole before I start. But so it was the night I was um the night I made the decision to be baptized about two or three years ago that um when I was uh doing the sound, I just felt something around my heart as if it were chains or just something in sort of like a X pattern just tugging me towards the front like there's something for you And it pulled me to the front and I just started praying and uh as I lifted my hands, I felt just think of the softest hands you can and they were all over my arms. They were lifting me upward. And I believe that those were angels helping me and lifting me up to be prayed for. And I hadn't felt that in over two years. And it would happen every time I prayed, but something happened to where I I was lost or I just wasn't delivered to something that was keeping me from it. And I was just fighting something. I couldn't find out what it was. And to tell you the truth, I it was so much that I didn't really want to come to this camp this year. I honestly had not planned on it, but my mom was the one wanting me to go and I didn't want to deny her any sort of a blessing or anything. So, I went and um the first night I didn't know what I was expecting, but I knew something had to happen or just something is going to happen. And uh brother Windle had came up and I was just praying for God to let me know that he hasn't forsaken me, that he's still come after me. And then brother Wendle had walked up and he started talking to me about just different things that are happening and that have happened in my life and just that I need to believe this. And he asked me several times, do you believe this that it will be? And I said yes. And I knew he could tell and I could tell, but in my heart there was just a wall. I didn't know how to break it down, but there was a wall just blocking me from getting something. And uh, Brother Window had said that if you hadn't gotten anything, you and God need to have a serious talk. And I just started praying. I sat down and I started praying afterwards because I was just searching for what am I missing? What am I fighting here? Because like I should be getting something, but I don't know what I should be getting if I don't know what I'm fighting. And I don't know if it was that night or the night or the morning afterwards, but I figured it out. God revealed it to me that I'd been fighting the entirety of my past. just everything I'd done um and everything before I even was a Christian. Just everything I was fighting that and just that being revealed to me, I realized like this has been going on for so long and I didn't even realize about it. It's defining who I am. It's defining what I'm going to be. and I was just tired of it. And I wanted it gone. And it wasn't just that. I had complexes of the constant need to fit in or just people not caring about me or being alone. And um the night after it was Saturday night um and I had wrote down in my notes before brother Andrew had came up and I said, "Not to my past, but looking at my future with God. And I'm pretty certain he almost said that exact phrase over and over again. And I had asked God to throw something in there for me and that was it. It was just confirming that what I found was right. Like this is what you're fighting. You need to get rid of it here and now. And then he had talked about um the See, and I've always loved the story of Moses and the deliverance of the Israelites, but I'd never seen a prayer like like that before. Like, I never thought of it that way to where you leave all of your past or anything you're fighting behind. You go through the prayer line just confirming what you believe and then you come out into the promised land or you're new. And that's the way looked at it and that's exactly what happened. And I didn't really feel anything as far as like goosebumps or anything, but it was in my heart that I knew something changed. Something's different today. And u once I had gotten back to my seat because before I went up, I had said, "I'm leaving my past here and I'm not picking it back up again." And as soon as I got back to my seat, I I just started praying. And as soon as I raised my hands again, I felt those angels again. After two years of not feeling them or hearing from them, I felt them again. And I know I'm delivered of it. And I know that it's no longer my past, but it's my future with God that I'm looking to. Amen. [Music] Oh, I searched the world, but it couldn't fill me. Oh, man's empty praise and treasures that fade never enough. And then you came along and put me back together. Now every desire is now satisfied here in your love. Cuz there's nothing better than you. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than [Music] you. Oh, I'm not afraid to show you my weakness. All my failures and flaws. Lord, you've seen them all and you still call me friend. Cuz the God of the mountain, he's still God in the valley and there's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me again. Cuz there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Oh Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing nothing is better than you. I know it's true. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. You're the only one who can. You turn graves into gardens. You turn bones into armies. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who can. And you're the only one who can. Cuz there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing nothing is better than you. You turn graves into gardens. You turn bones into armies. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who can. You turn graves into gardens. You turn bones into armies. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who can. You're the only one who can. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. And you're the only one who can. Because there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Oh, cuz there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. [Music] Amen. Did you enjoy that? Can we say that with all of our heart? There's nothing better than you. Amen. Can we go to a Can we sing this? I searched all over, couldn't find nobody. Looked high and low, still couldn't find nobody. Nobody gater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than you. Sing that again now. I searched all over. Couldn't find nobody. Looked high and low. Still couldn't find nobody. Nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than you. There we can do those verses now. I climbed up to the highest mountain. Looked all around. Couldn't find nobody. Went down into the deepest valley. Looked all around down there. Couldn't find nobody. I went across the deep. Nobody gater, nobody gater than you. I searched all over. Oh my. Couldn't find nobody. Looked high and low. Still couldn't find nobody. Nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than you. One more time now. Well, I searched all over. Oh my. Couldn't find nobody. Looked high and low. Still couldn't find nobody. Nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than [Music] you. Can you say that? Amen. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. Sister Lois, do you want to help me sing it? Well, now there is no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one. All right. I walked all over now. Well, I walk I walk all over. Over. I searched I searched all over over. I turned around all over. There's no one. There's no one like him. All right. Now, there is no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no All right. I walked all over. Well, I walked I walked all over. I searched I searched all over over. I turn around all over. There's no one. All right, sing that again. Now I walk. Well, now I walk. I searched high and low all over. I turned around all over. There's no one There's no one like you. Give a hand for Sister Lois. Hallelujah. Amen. Sure. Appreciate her help. God bless you. You may be seated once again. Open up the floor for any more testimonies or songs. I know. I think these these sisters in the front might have a song. Brother Luke, I know you give a testimony. like to hear you and your sister sing that song y'all sang the other day. That was really good. So, if they uh if they want to do that tonight, that'd be awesome. I really enjoyed it. Amen. And then anyone else? Sister Maddie, when are you going to start singing? She's got some lungs. Amen. She can sing. I always hear hear in the front row. So, we'll have to get her to sing a special here soon. Amen. But all right, as they come, Brother Luke and Sister Charity, say, "Lord, bless them." Amen. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out A love song to [Music] Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to you, Lord. Sing it. Sing it. I Yes, Lord. You, Lord, seeing I love you, Lord. [Music] And I love you, Lord. I love you. Amen. God bless him now. [Music] [Music] Well, blue skies and hillsides feel so far away. And I wrote in my notebook that I've seen better days than the ones as of late. Oh, I can't bear the waves. The rain won't stop pouring out my window pain. And I haven't left my bedroom in 76 days. Wish something would change cuz I'm losing faith. So I brought it up in a desperate prayer. Lord, why are you keeping me here? Then he said to me, "Oh child, I'm planting seeds, cuz I'm a good and I have a good plan. So trust that I'm holding a watering can. And someday you'll see that flowers grow in the valley." [Music] So whatever the reason, I'm barely getting by. Trust it's a season knowing that you're by my side every step of the way and I'll be okay cuz I brought it up in a desperate prayer. Lord, why are you keeping me here? Then he said to me, "Child, I'm planting seeds, I'm a good God and I have a good plan. Trust that I'm holding a watering can and someday you'll see that flowers grow in the valley. [Music] When I'm on a mountain looking down below, I see a valley of flowers and needed time to grow. And I thank you for the rain, the hurt, and days of pain. And I Bring it up in a grateful prayer. Thank you Jesus for keeping me there. You know just what I need and you plant it seed. Cuz you're good with a really good plan. And you hold my world in a watering can so I can have the valley. [Music] [Applause] Do you enjoy that? Amen. Can we sing this? Through it all. Oh, through it [Music] all. Oh, I've learned to trust [Music] God. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, now through it all as y'all come. Oh, through it all. [Music] Oh. Oh, I've learned to depend upon the Can we sing that? I thank God for the mountain. Oh, so I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valleyies and I thank him for the storms he's brought me through. I love this. Or if I never had a problem, I would know that my God could solve them. I would know what faith in God will do. Can you just stand here tonight and sing it with me? Oh now, through it all. Oh my, through it all. Oh, through it all. Thank you, Lord. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all. all. Oh, I've learned to depend upon his word. One more time now. Through it all. Oh, now through it all. Thank you, Lord. Oh, through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, now through it all. Oh, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his [Music] word. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Amen. God bless you. Now, you may be seated. I put them on the spot again tonight, but I appreciate them sharing their gifts with us. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] And it's spreading like a wildfire in my heart. Sunday morning. Hallelujah. And it's lasting all week long. Can you hear it? Can you feel it? It's the gospel song. Won't you choose it? You can't lose it. No, there ain't nothing. There ain't nothing going to steal my joy. I've got an old church choir singing in my soul. I got a sweet salvation and it's beautiful. I got a heart overflowing. God been restored. There ain't nothing going to steal my joy. No, there ain't nothing going to steal my joy. When the valleyies that I wonder turn to mountains that I can climb, you are with me. Never leave me. No, there ain't nothing. There ain't nothing going to steal my joy. I got an old church choir singing in my soul. I got a sweet salvation and it's beautiful. I got a heart overflowing been restored. There ain't nothing going to steal my joy. No, there ain't nothing going to steal my joy. [Music] Oh oh oh oh. Clap your hands and stomp your feet till you find that gospel because it's all you'll ever need. All you ever need. Lock your hands and stomp your feet till you find the gospel because it's all you ever need. all you'll ever need. I've got an old church choir singing in my soul. I've got a sweet salvation and it's beautiful. I've got a heart overflowing cuz I've been restored. There ain't nothing going to steal my joy. No, there ain't nothing going to steal my joy. There ain't nothing going to steal my joy. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. And the world didn't give and the world can't take it away. Well, now this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. And the world didn't give. And the world All right, Dad. Take it away, Dad. Oh, now [Music] world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have and the world didn't give it to me and the world. You think we can go up a key? The world can't take it away. This joy that I have, oh now this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. And the world didn't give it. All right, brother Dylan. Get away. [Music] and take it away once again. Now, well, now this joy that I have, oh my Well, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. All this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me and the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Do you believe that tonight? Hallelujah. The devil didn't give it and he can't take it. God bless you. You may be seated. Want to open up the floor one more time. We'll get we'll get you up here to see. But Deon, you have a testimony. Amen. that there's some things that you know you don't want to say but you got to say the truth tell you know some things I don't want to say but you know but I have to tell when I have to tell the truth so I was born lot in Oklahoma and first five to six years of my life it was pretty normal you know went to a private Christian school for a little bit and then I went to public school and somewhere in 2016 my dad he went to uh an explo u he was welding drum and it exploded. You know, I was inside watching Spongebob and I heard kaboom, you know, and so we used to live by Fort Seal, which is a military thing, and we heard that all the time, and I didn't think much about it, but I knew there was something wrong about this one. I go outside and I just see my dad, blood all over his face, just laying on the ground, my mom crying, you know. So, I went to go grab his phone and I was like six or something and my little brother was in the back of his truck and I just threw my threw the phone to my mom because I didn't know what to do, you know. So he was in the hospital for I don't know a little while in a coma and I went with my auntie that up there down there in Oklahoma City and uh just ever since then everything just went downhill. you know, parents got in drugs and um my grandma's live for her for years, you know, age of eight, I was supposed to exposed to pornography and just things that I should have done very young age and just looking back at it, I've been blessed, you know, come here and it's been just a great year I've been here, you know, did new things. I have wonderful friends, you know, just glad, you know, for y'all guys. I I can call a family here, you know. I can, you know, just wonderful time here. And I just want to thank every single one of y'all guys for being here and just accepting me here. You know, I just came out of nowhere. So, yeah. No, I went back to L and I went to my my aunties with my mom, you know, and we was just living with them for a little bit. That was during co so I was kind of homeschooled for a little bit and it was just I I told this Katrina when I was living with my grandma I didn't own a pair of shoes. I would used to go outside barefoot you know and just and then I went to the foster care system and went to Mustang, you know, there, you know, I was spoiled. I was living it up in a high life, you know, going to this rich [Music] school, owning closet full of Nikes, like bougie stuff, you know. And then we, you guys say we're good kids, but when we was there, we we we weren't good kids at all. You know, I got detention I don't know how many times, you know, just, you know, thought I was cool and thinking I'm all that. Then I came here and then I'm like, I never went to church. I was like, whoa, you know, brother window first sermon was preach about the token. See, I do listen, you know, and uh N still pretends like he's preaching. He's like he kind of like jokes around. He still remembers that and it was kind of funny. But you know just what the Lord has done for me, you know, I look back at it and all that stuff, you know, that he forgave me, forgive me for all that and just makes me happy, you know, that's all. [Applause] Amen. What a testimony. Amen. I think I speak for the whole church. It's been it's been an honor having you and Daniel here with us. It really has. And I I know I can see it. When you first started coming to Now, there's been a change. And this guy was the comedian when he first started coming to our Bible stud. He still is, but it's it's different. You can tell. So, but no, it's been it's been good having y'all here with us. Appreciate you sharing that testimony with us. Amen. It's what it does. You get saved, you start liking that barbecue. Amen. We heard from brother Deon and Sister for us tonight. Any of you girls have a testimony for us? Thank you for all the amazing sermons and preachers. Um I know um I struggle with headaches and um Friday night. I believe I was completely healed from this and see my friends and everybody touch God for all his miracles and everything he's done. And thank you for letting everybody Everybody here making the meeting as possible and close that take place there know a lot's life will change minds appreciate that it's amazing all the effort that we put into a meeting and getting to see the It's worth the results. It really is. I don't have any with me at the moment that had a lot of people calling and texting, even the pastors calling and saying that there there's been a change in their young people and they appreciate this camps. All the hours that we put in. It's definitely worth the time. We I appreciate this church very much and this team that we got here and seeing like I said before my kids my kids touched my nieces and nephews and brother Devon all these kids in this front row. It's it's made it worth it. It's worth it here. Amen. Anyone else? Anyone else? Let's stand to our feet and As we get ready to turn in our pastor, can we go to see? When I come into your presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I [Music] begin to worship him. Oh, I worship him when I come into your presence. I humble myself. I lift up both my heads and I begin to worship him. Oh, I worship him for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. [Music] because just because he's gone. I love this. When I come into his presence, when I come into Oh Jesus, I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. [Music] So I'll praise him for all he's done. For all he's done for me. Yes, Lord. He's redeemed and set me free [Applause] because just because he sing that again now. For all he's done. [Music] for all he's done for me. [Music] Just [Music] because amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] talking about this morning the action and reactions. It's just it it's just you know he's been so good and we give that response and it's just one right after. It's a great big love affair between you and God. Don't you just love him here tonight? Did you enjoy that here this evening? Amen. We uh I want to also say how much we appreciate uh the guys who who work so tirelessly behind the scene. Actually, Jo Kobe Kobe works pretty hard uh getting everything all put together and always does. Brother Nathaniel, sister Khalila, Brother Caleb, where's brother brother Caleb, and even Josh away. But uh and then the there's just just a such a big team that that makes it just so incredible. And and I I just want to say I appreciate all of that that that that's just always so willing to to get in there and and uh that was a this this transition this year was was really unnerving. Amen. We had so many setbacks, but we done it and we're thankful to the Lord for that. And um amen. Uh I I've got to say that our little church has done some pretty pretty big stuff. The God in us has has really these our our our meetings that we have, the things that we that we do every year. It's just I just say God bless every one of you. We uh I want to and I also want to say that I appreciate brother Devon's testimony and and what that what [Applause] that and um you know we um and I I I believe that that's just the beginning. and just keep on pressing. And I I and I watched him during the the camp and coming to the altar and just weeping before God. And I want to tell you, he's an unlimited God. And and and if you're hungering for him, we put the limitations. We say, "Okay, I've got enough." But I want to tell you, if you don't put on the brakes and you keep on seeking after God, you can you no human being has ever reached the limitations of God. We put the limitations on. We say, "Okay, well, I go to church, I do this, I do that, and that's all I want." But I want to I want to tell you, if you want more of God, you can have more. Seek after the Lord. Amen. Pull. you don't don't quit praying just because you're you're you're out of camp. Call out to the Lord there at at the uh at your home. Develop that relationship with the Lord. And we and we know the Lord will be there. I uh I thought I thought everything uh even your testimony, Brother Caleb, Amen. and um all the testimonies. But the thing is is is you know we go through those dry spells in our lives and we but the but the main thing for all of us is is we want to make sure that we've got a good s we want to find Jesus and we don't ever we don't ever quit. We're thankful for what God does for us at camp or does for us at a service, but we never quit. And sometimes, as I I like the way brother brother Caleb put it, it felt like angels lifting you up. And there's sometimes when you don't feel those angels, but that doesn't change God's love for us. And it doesn't change who we are. The main thing is is having that new birth because I will say that there's been plenty of those times where I have felt like I have walked with angels. There's been those times where I have felt so all alone. But it's so good to know God's love for me. It's so good to know that what he done in my life, no one can ever take that away. Never take that away. And that's why I love him so very much. Do you love him tonight? Have you elders experienced that? his great love for you that no matter where you are, it's an incredible thing. I thank God for that. Well, amen. Listening to those testimonies, I I was smiling and crying and enjoyed myself here tonight. God richly bless you. I want us to remember brother uh Austin who is who's been running a fever today and and um you know he's going to be getting married this week and uh uh we're so excited for Sister Khalila and her family and brother Austin excited for the the the mass family and and um so uh let's let's be praying for both Austin and and and Rose and and and then the family that putting everything all together and and um on the groom side and the and the bride side just and so uh let's just let's just pray that everything goes uh to plan and we want we want brother Austin to be to be feeling better here real soon. Amen. And so, uh, uh, we're excited about that. So, um, we there's going to be a lot of us gone this next Sunday, but we will still be having church here. And, uh, so we just appreciate your faithfulness to the house of God. And, you know, when there's when when when there's when there's some, you know, there's been some in the past where when there's a bunch gone, well, they just take vacation. Well, that's when you're needed. You're really needed when when there's a bunch gone. So uh we we just want to say God bless you and and um now we will be dismissing Sunday night service but we but we will be having Sunday morning service this next uh this next Sunday. So uh so we will have it there'll be a few of us missing but there'll be plenty here for service and so and I know it'll be a wonderful time. Um, Brother Michael, yes, the the the uh fundraiser is going to be and there's going to be Oh, that's going to be right there at on brother Sean's meeting. Um, what what what is the what is the date? Okay, so the first weekend in May. So, that's coming. That's about what three weeks away. three three weeks away. So, and we are going to be have it um uh there's going to be some out on a meeting for that and it just sort of it just fell on that at that time this year. But, uh brother Joe was offered again to do u uh the barbecue. Are we going are we just basically going to do what we done last year? Uh set the tent up and and and do all of that? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You know that. Yeah, that'd be a good idea. And actually, I'd be good to get that going here real soon and then put that on on Facebook. Who Who done that flyer last year? Brother Robert, uh, that was that was a cute fly. Are you going to Are are you going to be doing basically the same thing that you done last year? Did we have did Did we have Did we have prices on that flyer? I think we did, didn't we? Well, I was going to say might not have to change it much unless it's on Facebook, but uh but yes, that that would be wonderful. And then um uh and we certainly, you know, we really do appreciate brother Joe that that's up all night long. That's a lot of work. Brother Joe and brother Jonah, I think brother Jonah was in on that, too. So, uh, Brother Joe and the team. Amen. Oh, and Dylan. Dylan was on. Was you on that, too? Oh, Devin. I see us. That's why we just got to say the team. And uh uh so yes. And um so let's let's be praying. uh about that and and um uh we can definitely uh those those who are are going to be going to that meeting um we can set that tent up the week before and um or however uh brother brother Michael will get us all together on on when to do that and then um we will uh be ready ready to go. Awesome. Awesome. Amen. I had loads of fun last year. That was, of course, I wasn't having to cook, but that was a lot of fun. Uh, Brother Caleb. Okay. All right. Yes. We uh we missed Brother Mitch today. And did he make it over to Did he make it to Alaska? Yeah. Well, that's that's good. Okay. Well, we'll we'll keep Brother Mitch in our prayers. He's up there working and so we'll we'll be praying for him. Praise the Lord. Uh all right. Anything else we need to be Let's Let's continue to remember Brother Harry that God blesses him. Um when he closes a door, Amen. And he'll he'll open another door. And once he closes something, no man can open it. But when he opens it, no man can close it. Amen. Did you Did you say something else? Oh, he Yes. How How's your back? Are you feeling better? Okay. Well, he's he's he's still sore today. And those of us who have had bad backs. Yes. How's your back? Still still hurting. So, uh, Sister Khalila's been she's she's had it rough, too. And so, uh, we'll be praying for for everyone's back. Amen. Those two backs. Praise the Lord. Everyone's back. Amen. Food at the fellowship hall. Amen. So, uh, we'll just carry this party right on over. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, sure am glad to belong. Why don't we sing that song? I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I don't know what key. I'm so glad I'm a part of this [Music] family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood. Oh, we're joiners with Jesus as we travel this song. or I'm part of the family. The family. Well, let's sing. Let's try one verse and then we'll dismiss. You may notice we say brother and sister. It's because we're a family and these folks are so [Music] dear when one has a heartache. We all share the tears and rejoice in each victory in this family. God bless you. Dismiss yourself here tonight. I'm so glad I'm a part of this family of God. I've been washed in the fountain cleans. Good to hear there's been such a good response uh this year too on on uh on helping with the maintenance and uh I I just say God bless you. It just takes it just takes a well it takes a tribe to do to get everything all done. And so we I want to tell you uh we appreciate all you brothers who have who have signed up to be a part on the lawn and taking care of the properties. We say God bless you. And uh I'm looking forward to working with you guys as well. And we appreciate brother Michael uh getting spearheading that getting us all rounded up. Amen. Sometimes coming out of the winter time and and into the summer, it's just like, well, getting help is like stacking puppies. Amen. It just uh but uh we appreciate all of you. God bless you. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family. [Music] [Music] [Music]
