################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-15 - 2025-10-15 Bro Wendall Martin The Well Of Life - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-15
Title:    2025-10-15 Bro Wendall Martin "The Well Of Life"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmQ8wcQIkr4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hide thou me in thy secret place. Lord, there may I find your mercy and grace. Place your seal upon my heart's door that I may not sin against thee. Tell me in thy secret place. There may I find your mercy and grace. Glacier seal aboard my heart's door that I would not sin against thee, oh Lord. Hide thou me in thy secret place. Lord, there may I find your mercy and grace. [Music] that I would note, [Music] oh Lord, thou me in thy secret place. There may I find your mercy and grace. seal my heart. I may not see you and for you. I hunger and thirst for you in the desert of my knees. You're that fountain that I see. You're the living water I keep running. [Music] My hunger and thirst for you. My hunger and thirst for you. My hunger and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst for you. Heaven's men of bread of mine. Fill the emptiness inside. Nothing else can satisfy me. &gt;&gt; You do. I hunger and thirst for you. [Music] [Music] The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh wonderful. So high. It is so high. You can't get over it so low. You can't get under it. Can't get around it. Oh wonderful. The love of Jesus, the love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. It's so high. It is so high. Thank you, Lord, for that. It's so low. You can't get under it. Can't get around it all. One more time. And the love of Jesus is the love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful though wonderful. Love so high it is so high you can't get over it so low you can't get under it. So I can't get around it. Oh, wonderful love. [Music] I've lost what I was going to say. Let's do this. Is that F? Oh, think about his love. [Music] Oh, think about his good. A little bit faster. Oh, think about his grace that's brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our Father's love. So great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, how do you explain? [Music] How do you describe a love that goes from east to west, runs as deep as it is wide. [Music] Oh, you know all our hopes. You know all our fears. [Music] The words cannot express the love. Oh my. But we long for you to hear. Listen to our hearts. Listen to our hearts. [Music] Hear our spirit sing. [Music] Song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what are an awesome God. You are when words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our hearts [Music] as they continue to play that softly. Now, I'd like to go to prayer if we can here tonight. We do have one need from brother Caleb Farweather. It says, "Ask in prayer for my grandpa Rob. His health is declining rapidly and he needs God's hand and whatever God decides, we will praise him because he could do anything." I believe that here tonight. Amen. And I'm going to ask Brother Caleb if you would mind coming and and leading us in prayer. I want to say I'm very thankful that the Lord brought uh baby uh Lucas Oliver into the world safely. Amen. I know brother Josh and Sister Loretta I know are very appreciative of your prayers. I tell you what, he is a cutie. He is a cutie. So Lord willing, they'll be coming home tomorrow. So let's just They're home. Okay. Well, let's just continue to remember them in our prayers that the Lord gives them much needed rest and and that sister Loretta just recovers uh just recovers extremely well. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart tonight, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you. Now, I also like to ask uh Traveling Mercy's for my parents. They're going to be going up to Seattle to go visit with my grandpa. But just keep them in prayer. Let's bow our heads. Dear Jesus, thank you for the opportunity to come into your house again. We bow our hearts to you, Lord, and just come here in humility. We praise you for the birth of a new baby in the church with Sister Loretta. And we thank you for bringing him here safely. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We just keep in prayer anyone who ever had a need and anyone who does now. Just put your hand on them. Lord, it's okay. We love you, Lord. We just want to praise you throughout the service. praise you all through the day, all tomorrow, all through this week, and through the year. We know that you're coming soon, Lord, and we're getting ready. We thank you for all that you do for us. We bless you in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love him here tonight. Amen. Can we sing this? Um, &gt;&gt; you are love. You are life. You are Lord over everything. Alpha, Omega, Jehovah, the king of the wonderful way. Make worthy of my offering. Hallowed be thy name. You are love. You are life. You are Lord over everything. Alpha Omega. Jehovah the King of Kings. Wonderful way. Make it worthy of my offering. Hallowed be thy name. One more time now. You are love. You are life. You are Lord over everything. Alpha Omega. Jehovah the kingdom. Wonderful way. Make worthy of my offering. Hallow be that you are love. Oh, you are love. You are love. You are Lord over everything. Alpha, Omega, Jehovah, the King of Kings. Wonderful way make worth thee of my offering. Hallowed be thy name. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. He's my counselor. Prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Pray. Can we go up again? He's wonderful Jesus is to me. He's my counselor. Prince of peace. Mighty God is he. saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. If you believe it tonight, tell someone, "He is wonderful one." Yes, you are, Lord. [Music] Wo, he's my counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. He is wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's my counselor. Prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. And oh my heart sings today. Sings for joy and gladness. Jesus saves. He satisfies. Banishes my sadness. Guilt is gone. Peace is mine. He's just like a river. Jesus is wonderful, mighty to deliver. He's wonderful. Yes, you are, Lord. Jesus is to me. He's my counselor. Prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He saved me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer once again now. Oh, he is wonderful. Wonderful. [Applause] Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh Jesus, lover of my soul. Jesus, you'll never let me go. You've taken me from the myy clay. You set my feet upon a rock. Now I know I love you. Oh, I love you. I need you. Though my world may fall, you'll never let me go, my savior, my closest friend. I will worship you till the very once again. Now Jesus, lover of my soul. Jesus, you'll never let me go. You've taken me from the my clay. You set my feet upon a rock. Now I know I love you. I love you. I really do. Though my world may fall, you'll never let me go. [Applause] My savior, my closest friend. I will worship you. I love you. Oh, I you love him tonight. I need you. Though my world may fall, you'll never let me go, my savior, my closest friend. I will worship you until the very year. Is that your desire tonight? Thank you, Lord. As the man of God comes now, can we sing this? I have what you need. You keep on searching. [Music] I've done all the work. You keep on working. [Music] When you're running on empty and you can find a remedy, just come to the well. You can spend your whole life, oh my, just chasing what's missing. of that empty inside. Is it ain't going to listen when nothing can satisfy? And this world leaves you high and dry. Oh, come to the well. All who search and all who thirst will thirst no more. Oh my. And all who search will find what their souls long for. The world may try, but it can never feel. Just leave it all behind. Come to a well. So bring me your heart. I love this verse. No matter I've been broken. Come just as you are. When your last prayer is spoken. [Music] Just rest in my arms a while. You will feel the change, my child. When you come to the well. Oh, and now that you're full with love beyond measure [Music] in the desert. Soon all the world will see. Living water is found in me. Cuz you came to the well. Glory to what we said. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, you can turn that on there. Yeah. [Music] &gt;&gt; They'll never So leave it behind. Come to the well. So leave it all behind and come to the well. Aren't you glad for God's great love to you, his blessings to his people. Amen. I'm so glad that we can come to the well, the well of living waters, Jesus Christ. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. And uh how many's glad you're a Christian tonight. Amen. Glad to be a son of God. And uh so thankful for his grace upon our lives. Amen. Well, let's look here in the scriptures tonight. And uh you guys are probably wondering what in the world do we have going on here. Hallelujah. And um Amen. Well, you're fixing to find out. Uh praise the Lord. We um we want to look here in the book of St. John, the fourth chapter and the 14th verse. And uh I might have to turn that if that if that water gets too distracting, turn it off until I'm ready for it. But u amen praise the Lord. Um John 4 and14 but whosoever drinkketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life. I'd also like to look here in Revelations 22 and um the uh 10th verse and it says, "And he saith unto me, seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book, for the time is at hand. He that is unjust, let him be unjust, steal. He that is filthy, let him be filthy still. He that is righteous, let him be righteous still. And he that is holy, let him be holy still. Behold, I come quickly. My reward is with me to give every man according as his work shall be. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last. Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have the right to eat of the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city. For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoreongers, and murderers, idoltors, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie, I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the rooe and offspring of David and the bright and morning star. And the spirit and the bride say come. Let him that heareth say come. Let him that is a thirst come. Whosoever will let him take of the water of life freely. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you for your grace tonight. We thank you for your blessings and the anointing that you have placed upon us in this generation. For Lord, we are not just called to drink of the water of life, but we are to give of this life. And Father, we're just asking now tonight that you would take my thoughts, Lord, and just bring everything together and that you would minister to our hearts tonight, young and old to understand. and we'll give you glory and honor in Jesus name. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; And amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Taking the water of life. We there is a the fountain of life and and we want to talk about that here tonight. Amen. Um, it's it's a great it's a great thing for us to to know the ways of God, to love God. But our as we begin to think here this evening, I've got two pools of water that are that are seated there and or that are that are here before you. And um and so uh we're going to we're going to talk about our heart and the importance of of us um uh our our hearts being right with God. And um we are all born we're all born in the muck and the mire of sin. Like to say it's good to see mom. She had eye surgery today and so but it's good to see her tonight. Amen. So, we we were all born in in the muck and mire of sin. And I don't know uh if you can see this over here. This here is is stagnant. Uh uh I got I got some moss out of the out of the pond. And so this here is going to represent I don't know for those of you that could see, we got moss and seaweed and and uh lots of lots of junk here. And and so tonight I want us to this is this is humanity. This is about the best we can come up with. And um and and then we over on this side here. This is to represent an artisian well. This is a well that is springing up. Amen. This is what God does in our lives. We're born in the muck and the mire of sin, but yet God does something great within us. And and the and this is this is the beauty of what God has has done when we become a Christian. He takes all of the junk out of our hearts. He takes all of the muck out of us and he he washes us new. And now the Bible says as as we read there their first scripture, Amen. that that you can drink of this living water, living water. We're going to we're going to talk about that living water in in a little bit, but it's a a water we we were raised um uh there in Kinwood where actually Fresco was raised there all of our life. And um we moved there in Kinwood for a while. And um uh dad pastored over there among the Cherokees. And and so um there was a place and we all love to go over to Kinwood. Kinwood has has wonderful water. Good to see you, Brother Torrance. We've been missing you. And um uh but a wonderful water that we can drink from, swim in, and and but there was a place over there called Griggsby's. And um right up under the water, it was so cold. But under this big old cliff, there was water that was bubbling up out of this cliff and it was just as pure and cold and and clean as as any. And you could you you get you put your hand in that water and I mean your your hand would go numb. We've swam in it and it you would go numb. I mean like right now. And um but but out of that water there was pressure coming up out of the ground up out of that out of that big old uh um uh hill of of rock and and it was bubbling up and it was feeding down. Amen. Uh down into to Kinwood and then on down into uh PNR Park and to Blue Hole and different ones have swam around through there. But but the water Amen. some of the the major source. Uh uh there was others on upstream as well, but this was one of the major sources that that where it had come out and it would just bubble and there was never no time of the year, no time of their year, how many knows what dog days are? Amen. Now, around this part of the country, you might not know anything about dog days, but uh back in our times when the when the when the the the the the streams aren't flowing as much anymore and the rains hasn't hasn't come in a while, then the water will become stagnant and and the streams will actually begin to start looking like that because there's no water flowing anymore even though it's a creek and there's no water flowing. And so, uh, it it moss and and and and trash gets caught up in there. But Griggsbees never did have any any kind of moss ever ever coming into that. Why is because it was just constantly bubbling. It was just constantly giving water. Well, Jesus is telling now, we we talked about the woman at the well last week. Amen. that this woman that had a really bad life. She her her mama and daddy turned her out. They weren't good parents at the beginning and and she ended up uh a promiscuous girl at an early age. She had her life was scarred uh abused by men, married five times. The one she was with wasn't her husband. It was a it was a rough life that this woman was was living. And when Jesus was telling asking her, he says, "Give me to drink." And she says, "Listen, you know, it's not even appropriate for you to be talking to me." And Jesus says, "If if you knew who was talking to you, you would ask me for a drink." And she says, "How can you give me a drink? The well is deep. You don't have anything to let down water." And Jesus says, "Amen." And and then as he begins to talk, then she begins to to to think. Amen. As he says, "If you ask me to drink, I'll give you water. &gt;&gt; I will fill your thirst. It will quench your thirst, and out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water." &gt;&gt; And she and this woman looked at Jesus. Now, she had been abused. She had been through man after man. But this was not the average guy. This was God in a body and offering her something, amen, that would cleanse her and make her totally clean on the inside, clean her mind, clean her heart, and make her the lady that she always wanted to be. &gt;&gt; And so what what we what we seen of that story and she was changed. We found Amen. that she was one of the women that that came to worship Jesus as he was as as as he was going to Calvary, ministering unto Jesus because Jesus had changed her life. &gt;&gt; And I want to say tonight, amen, for you boys and girls, we are all born looking like that over there. Now, we all look pretty and we got curlers in our hair or curls in our hair and and and and we're all dressed up nice and we all look Amen. Uh hopefully you boys ain't got curlers in your hairs. Hallelujah. And and uh but this is what we are. But when Jesus comes, Jesus comes to give us the abundance of life. He does not want a stagnant uh uh relationship with us. Now remember, when you go and the and the water becomes stagnant, you go uh this time of the year and you start going out there to the ponds and it everything's all scummy, everything is and and there's only there's there's not much that that that even want that kind of a life. And and h us humans sure don't want to be over there uh uh drinking out of that water. But we want the water of eternal life. We want that water of eternal life. That's and I believe that's what God has has come to give us. And I think the greatest illustration it was was there in in the book of of Galatians the fifth chapter. &gt;&gt; And I'll just read this to you. Amen. If I can get to Galatians here. And so um Galatians 5 and this will give us so here's here's Galatians Galatians 5 and 19. Now the works of the flesh are manifest. Which are these? Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, less ciousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, imulation, wrath, strife, sedition, stage, heresies, envings, murders, drunkenness, revelings, and such like, of which I tell you before, as I have told you in times past, that they which do these things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. Amen. This is why we've got to be born again. This is why This is why we come to church. This is why we pray. This is why we ask God, "Lord, help me." Amen. And And that's why That's why you children, how many How many of you children and you girls listen to me up here, too, because I'm talking to you youngans tonight as well. How many of you How many of you children have have ever told a lie? Hallelujah. Well, there's some of you that's being honest. Hallelujah. All right. There. How How many of you have have have done things that were wrong? You we we've done things that were wrong. You know why? Amen. How many of you teenagers have done things that were wrong? Sure. Hallelujah. And uh uh uh because this is this is the way our heart this is the way our heart was is uh we were born in sin. We were born shapen in iniquity. That's That's who we are. How many would ever want to get a drink of water? Y'all y'all We got a cup somewhere. Y'all want a drink of that water over there? Hallelujah. See, we we can't we can't offer that to God. But what God has given to us, he has taken that dirty, filthy woman that no one wanted to be with and made her one of the greatest uh uh testimonies of the New Testament. that lady become a truly wonderful model of a Christian in the New Testament church. The woman at the well, the woman that no one wanted to be with, the woman that had her life so messed up, that woman become a pillar in the church of God because of what God done in her life. &gt;&gt; You know what happens when you get the well of life? that stuff cannot hang around anymore. It's not It's not that there is no moss that ever comes into the into the living water. It's not that there's no trash. It's that the bubble that the the the pressure of the water coming up does not allow the trash to stay there. &gt;&gt; The trash pushes it out. And when you ever get the power of God's eternal Holy Spirit and it begins to bubble up, it be oh, it begins to push that I can't lie. I shouldn't tell. No sir, I can't. You repent. And what is it doing? It's constantly just bubbling and pushing all of that junk out of your life. &gt;&gt; But if you don't have that force behind it, that is what you are. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, I wanted to give y'all a visual here tonight because our our lives have got to be first of all, we've got to have that experience with God. And second of all, we have got to be a testimony to others about his grace in our lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. It it it is his grace in our lives. And I think I think that's what is so important as we talked last week about about the gatekeeper. It's so important that we have mamas and daddies as gatekeepers. Amen. That are standing there watching over the evil. Amen. And and making sure that we are identifying the spirits that that that are coming in. Amen. and and trying to pull because if we don't discern the way it is even brother Brandham talked about his in question and answers he talked about his messages and and he says you know he says I can say one thing he says and I'm so misunderstood he says it's and and then it's this way or that way one gets it on this side and the way it is and you say something right straight towards a point and one hears it this way so he tells another one and it leans a little bit further and then the next one leans a little bit further and and the next a a little further and then it's got plum out of cater one hears it the other way and he goes this way this way that way that way he says and and you and you get away and that's the that's the way it it is out there in the meetings and so forth when you're really driving it right to a spot he says but the elect will hear that spot they get that spot they know because I said just exactly what was meant like that just the message just exactly. So how many wants how many wants to know God get my ears what you want to hear cuz I what what you want me to hear because it's important to keep that trash out of my life &gt;&gt; cuz it's important. Now what we just read here in the book of Revelations, Amen. This is the very last of the Bible. This is the rapture is has taken place. Amen. the rap we it's talking about our season where the time where let him that is filthy be filthy still let him that is unholy let him be unholy still let him that is righteous let him be righteous still this is where we're at we are so close to the coming of the Lord that that that there is no way amen that here it is it's going to be coming here soon if we do not accept God's gift into our alive and bubble that junk out of our lives, we're going to be stuck unrighteous. &gt;&gt; We're going to be stuck. Well, praise the Lord. If you boys and girls, Amen, don't get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And that's what this living water is all about. Living water is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; And that living water is the only thing that is going, Amen. to to to bubble pornography out of your mind. Amen. That living water is the only thing that is going to Amen. push that lying devil out of your mind, out of your out of your life. Amen. Push all of that. It's the only thing that'll work. &gt;&gt; Now, preachers today, preachers today are saying, "Well, it's okay to to look at a little Amen. It's it's okay to look as long as you don't touch." That is a lie. Jesus said, "He that looks upon a woman to commit adultery or or or to lust after her has committed adultery with her already." &gt;&gt; You see what I'm saying? But but but the but Satan will be there to push you and push you, but you've got to make up your mind. Are you going to grow up looking good, looking buff? Amen. walking down the street looking like and yet on the inside. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Yet on the inside looking like this. See, God knows what's on the inside and so will your future wife. [Laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, can you say amen? But on the on the other hand, Christ has come to make all things new. &gt;&gt; Christ has come to bubble out all of those works of the flesh so that his grace can live and reign. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. Amen. And boys, y'all want to marry that or y'all want to marry this? Hallelujah. They said, "We don't want we don't want neither one of those. We want a girl." Hallelujah. Amen. But every every one of us are going, every girl is going to look like this or is going to look like that. Every boy has got this or has got this. But girls, which one do y'all want? This one or this one? Hallelujah. There's a song. I was in a I was in a I I I was in a a grocery store and I heard this song and and u and it stuck to me and and I hate to even say these things anymore because these kids can go and look it on the internet, but uh uh but there there was this deal that came up that says, "I like my women trashy." And I I thought, "Really?" And and and I I guess that's a that's a country song. I like my women trashy. You mean you like your women like this? You you want that kind of a thing right there that's not going to love God. That's not going to and and and she's not willing to surrender her life to God. You you you like you like somebody Amen. that that that's that's that that's that's that's not going to have the grace of God upon their lives. Well, come on, somebody. Amen. A son of God is not going to want his woman trashy. He's going to honor that girl that has got a pure heart, that's got a desire, that ain't going to go around flirting all the time, that ain't going around there batting her eyes at people and trying to get attention and trying to uh uh he he's not going to look he he's not going to look at that woman that's that's that's that's that that's got those tight clothing and and trying to get his attention. He's going to look for a woman that has got purity of heart. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Because it's not what's on the outside, it's what's on the inside. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, that one that's got a pure heart, she might listen, she might she might not be as pretty as that one over there that's got that that's that's carrying that stuff around. But I'd rather have an ugly girl that's got this kind on the inside than to have a pretty girl. Well, praise the Lord. And you girls better get you a guy. It would be better if he had three noses. Amen. and six eyes and have this in his heart than to than to have all buff and strong and goodlooking and have that in his heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I think if you if we if we've got boys growing up in the church, it should be an absolute abomination for y'all to look at stuff on that phone that is wrong. And if you do, you should be up at this altar every night until God gets you delivered. &gt;&gt; I'm talking to you boys. I'm talking to you boys. &gt;&gt; That devil is is right there to try to destroy you. and you and and and the thing is if you boys don't take control of your lives and ask God's grace upon your life and you don't get the baptism of the Holy Ghost, I don't care whether you whether you look or whether you don't look, your heart is that right there. &gt;&gt; You've got to have the living water of God on the inside of your life or you're going to be hell for your woman. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So, and it's the same way with you girls. We have got these things. So, so you you have got to honor you, you boys have got to honor honor the Lord God with all of your heart. And you know, you know, you know what is there. But I I I I I so I you know before we got this wasn't a part of my message but I I this is the way we're starting out. I I think I I think we should strive and this that well of living water is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; So the baptism of the Holy Ghost and mamas and daddies that's why it's so important. I sort of got on the leggings the other night. Or not the leggings. I guess they're the tights or whatever whatever those things are. Amen. If you're not careful, it it'll keep pulling you and pulling you and pulling you and pulling you. Amen. Those girls looking in the mirror and and that's those those are the same things that those girls walk wear. I mean, they're wearing those expandex out outside their at Walmart all the time. And you girls looking at yourself and and how cute you can look with your form like that. Satan, what what's the next church going to be? What's the next generation going to be? And this is why where brother Brandham says it'll go over and over and over and over and go this way. I and and I and and then till the preacher becomes the crank. But it's I'm here to tell you we've got to come back to the basics. If you want to if you want to wear something under your skirt, that's fine. Wear whatever you got to wear. Amen. But I'm here to tell you that the the the the way Satan is putting these things out there to you girls. Amen. And and let me just Hallelujah. You see what has taken place? Let me let me just talk to you girls for a minute. You're taking away the reason. You're taking away the the opportunity to present yourself as a lady. &gt;&gt; You no longer have to worry about your dress anymore. You no longer have to worry because you've got these other things here. And so you're taking away the training that is required for a woman until a woman can jump into a man's place and feel right at home. Whereas a woman could not do that before because she was had a dress on. &gt;&gt; But now a girl can climb a tree and she can do all these other things here. I'm not I'm not saying what's right or what's wrong. I am saying a woman has her place. Amen. &gt;&gt; And you girls, if you've got the purity of heart, it's going to bubble the things that the very appearance of evil we shun. &gt;&gt; The woman that's got this is saying, "I don't care what the preacher says. I don't care what I don't care what the Bible says. I don't care." And before you know it, it's it's, "Well, I don't care." Amen. Well, these ain't red lipstick. It is still lipstick. You're the lip gloss is you're you're bringing attention to your lips. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. It used to be that it was wrong to wear to to to to to wear uh uh uh fingernail polish, but now we can we can we can add the add the clear stuff and and and we say it's all okay. And you say, "Well, it's for my nails." I don't wear the stuff and my nails look &gt;&gt; hallelujah. Dirty. Amen. But what I am saying you if where what where are we going to stop? Because the women that are cutting their hair are saying we've got to cut our hair in order for the split ends in order to take care of the split ends because we want it to grow. That's just a lie. &gt;&gt; Our girls do not cut their hair and their hair is nice and long. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but it's it but but but we it's spirits that are coming in and they're just moving moving the goalpost moving the goalpost. And you've got to ask yourself, what spirit is influencing me? &gt;&gt; What spirit is influencing me? Because I am not just got to have it pure in my heart, but the rest of the world, I am to be a witness to them. They have got to see something different in me. They've got to see, wait a minute, that girl is somebody that is that is very special. That guy is something that is very very special. They have a relationship with God that I want &gt;&gt; for myself. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Am I making sense? So we we want to watch every spirit because those spirits even though the prophet preached it very strong, very clear. How many can say amen? &gt;&gt; And yet he says and they go this way that way and they go d that way and they go and he says but the elect &gt;&gt; will understand what the spirit is telling the churches. &gt;&gt; You see what I'm saying? So, so we want Am I doing all right here tonight? We want to be that kind of a of of a Christian, not to preach with this, &gt;&gt; but preach with this. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, now you can have this all all done here. As I say, you can have this all looking good and still look like that. But I want to say this that the artisian well will just bubble all that junk out. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. You say, "Brother Wendle, are you perfect?" No. But there's a pressure underneath me that keeps pushing that sin out of my life. &gt;&gt; It's not letting me Oh, can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Wendle, you mean you you don't you don't ever get tempted? Ha ha. I'm a human being. I am a redblooded male. Satan knows how to to to tempt me just like he tempts every other red-blooded man. But I've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I'm not going to let my life become a swamp. I want that living water on the inside of me bubbling that junk out of me. And I think we should all work and pray about those things in our lives. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, so those things, brother Brandham, say it's the it's the word of the living God. Somebody say it's the word &gt;&gt; of the living God. It's so essential till all heavens and earth will pass away. It shall never pass away. God notices every little word that we read. God knows every little thought that goes through our mind, every little act that we do. And I'm kind of thinking this that many times the church in its looseness gets to doing things and thinking things and taking things just as they are when they ought to weigh what we do and say we ought to think. Think we ought to think. And the bottom line is this. What is pushing? What is causing my thoughts? What is causing my actions? What is making me do what I'm doing? &gt;&gt; We've got an entire world system, church system that is saying, "I'm in love with Jesus. He loves me and I love him." And the Bible says he's not even in the church. I'm increased with goods. I have need. I don't need. They're in this lukewarm, stale, stagnant condition claiming to be the bride of Jesus Christ. Are y'all hearing me? &gt;&gt; So, we don't want that kind of a spirit. We can always go back to the Bible, line ours up, and say, "All right, which spirit is influencing me?" Can I hear a great big amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. A great big A great big amen. I want life in me. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. He says we ought to think what before we even speak. My old mammy uh used to tell me, think twice, speak once. It's the little things sometimes that we leave undone. That means so much to us. We get in such a hurry to race over things in this new erotic age we live in. It would behoove us as the church of God tonight to stop and wait a minute and see where we're at. How many believes that's okay &gt;&gt; now? Amen. So, this message has teeth in it. Amen. It it's it's it's it's what we have. Now there there in in Matthew 15 and7 it says you hypocrites well did Isaiah prophesy of you saying this people draws nigh unto me with their mouth and honorth me with their lips but their heart is far from me. He is putting he is putting the church of his day in that swimming pool over there. And I want to say uh uh thank you, Sister Katrina, for getting me these swimming pools. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hey, it takes it it takes it takes an army around here to do all this stuff. Amen. And so, Amen. He says, "But in vain in vain they do worship me." In vain they do worship me. Where am I at? Teaching for doctrines the commandments of men. He called the multitude and said unto them, "Hear and understand, not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man, but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileleth a man." Down to the 16th verse. And Jesus said, "Uh, are are you yet?" Let's just let's go back up there to the uh 12th verse, Sister Keys. Then there came the disciples and said, "Thou knowest the Pharisees were offended after they heard this saying." We'll just keep on reading. But he but he answered and said, "Every plant which my father hath not planted shall be rooted up. Let them alone. They be blind leaders of the blind. If the blind lead the blind, both shall fall in the ditch." Then answered Peter and said unto him, Declare unto us this parable. And Jesus said, "Are ye yet without understanding? Do you not understand that whatsoever enterth into the mouth goeth into the belly is is cast out into the drought?" But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart and they defile the man. For out of the heart proceeds evil thoughts. So out of the inside that no one knows, no one can see. out of the heart, the invisible realm has evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornication, theft, false witness, blasphemies. These are the things which defile a man. But to eat with unwashing hands defiles not uh defiles not the man. So, so when we when we look here and and we see you you you you we are y'all understanding where where my point is here tonight. So, I want it's so important that our hearts are always pure and not just pure the way we think. Oh, I love God. I Oh, I serve God. So does the whole world. &gt;&gt; We want to do it. Amen. We want to do it. There's there's only one kind of Christianity. There's not the Baptist Christianity and the Methodist Christianity and the message Christian. There's only one Christianity. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and it's the Holy Spirit coming and living his life. &gt;&gt; Oh, isn't that just wonderful? &gt;&gt; Now, now I I I think I think those things are are are wonderful. Now the the Proverbs 22:11 says he that loves puress of heart uh for his for the grace of his lips the king shall be his friend. That's not the one I was looking for. Proverbs 4 and23 is the one I was looking for. Keep thy heart with all diligence for out of it are the issues of life. Put away the forward mouth and perverse lips put far from thee. Matthew 5:8 blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see God. Uh, Titus 1:15, "Unto the pure all things are pure, but unto them that are defiled, and unbelieving is nothing pure, but even their mind and conscience is defiled." Amen. Now, Brother Brandham would he would preach a couple of services, amen, on the broken sistns. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he would take this scripture here in Jeremiah 2:12. And this is what I want us to deal with for just a few moments here. He says, "Be astonished, oh ye heavens." Uh Jeremiah 2:12 a at this and be horribly afraid. Be ye very desolate, sayeth the Lord. For my people have committed two evils. They have forsaken the fountain of living waters and hewed them out sistns, broken sistns that can hold no water. Now, how many knows what a sistern is? Hallelujah. Amen. Now, you old-timers probably remember the sistns uh and they and and um so you girls that that that that go over there to u uh uh uh that have that have stayed over there at Suzan's, have y'all noticed her little tanks that that she's got u where it comes she she's got this as you're going in her back porch and she's and she's got her she's got gutters and everything and it goes into these little tanks and then now these are closed tanks and then she uses uses them for for irrigation and things of that nature. Well, in the old days, Amen. What they would do is they they had these kind of they had these uh uh they would take them from off the barn. Uh they they would run these pipes from the barn, from the houses, from uh from the different places. And when it rained, they would they would have these big open tanks. These tanks would just be all over. And so the water would all come in in there. That's a sistern. and and after and it was you know they they could use the water for for certain things just tried to conserve but the thing is the water wasn't living. So the water would sit there and become stagnant and and then before you know it, little wiggle tails, what uh tadpoles, little little before you know it, you getting you're getting that you're getting all of that that that uh that scum there along the bottom of that what what do you uh um uh that moss that moss growing on the bottom and before you know it, you're getting all of this trash in in the deal. Amen. Now, so brother brother Brandham is is talking about the sistern compared to the living water. And and there in Jeremiah, he's saying, "You've got a living well. You've got Jesus. You've got God right there, but yet you're drinking you're drinking the old scummy stuff." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Okay, I can tell you guys don't understand. All right. You've got the message and you've got the tapes and you've got the church services and you're drinking from those apps on your phone &gt;&gt; and you're drinking Amen. from this stuff. Amen. That that's that's polluting the world and taking people to hell. And you're drinking from that stuff. You've got the living and you are looking at the 17 magazine and you're looking at the fashions of the world and you're are you still not understanding? You've got a church with living waters and you're refusing that and you're satisfying your thirst. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Am I doing good or are you guys just really listening to me tonight? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You drink that too long. Hallelujah. But we've got this. God come in this generation. There is an anointing upon this generation to overcome every power of hell. This message has everything we need for every boy, every girl. And you're never going to overcome pornography. But with mind over matter, you're never going to overcome attitudes. Amen. Mind over matter. I I I I know. I I know. I always hit, you know, a certain things. I I I I I I I use church services, skipping church services, and I use pornography. I But but but but I I'm wanting and and they're both sins. They're both sins. You've got to put God number one in your life. That's what the prophet said. If you've got the living water, you're going to be at church every service. The door is open. It's what he says. Amen. now and you and there ain't no oxes and ditches. You just do what the Bible says and and we don't and we don't play with pornography. We don't play with that stuff. Now, I you know, so those those are two things that are just very common. But but you you if you've got the Holy Spirit, if if if if you've if you've got the Holy Spirit within you, you know that gossiping is wrong. You know that tattling and talking about your brother and your neighbor is wrong. You know, amen. Treating your wife wrong uh uh uh you know uh anything less treating your wife anything less than your best friend is absolutely wrong. &gt;&gt; Treating your husband anything less than being your lord, being your head. Oh, we can't use that anymore because no, women's rights. &gt;&gt; You going to be that or you gonna be this? &gt;&gt; Stagnant waters is not going to produce a rapture. It's living waters. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? So, we got we got to take these things and and we know what the Bible says because we listen to messages and we do those things and and that's the reason why. Amen. But but so when I when I when I might hit and I and I I that there are these spirits that are behind certain things. And the bottom line is this. The bottom line, number one, the rapture is only for people. This will not be raptured. &gt;&gt; This will not be raptured. all of my quotes. &gt;&gt; The only one that's going to be raptured will be you &gt;&gt; and you &gt;&gt; and Gam. The only ones that's going to be raptured are people. And God's given us the safeguards of family. So, when you've got a mama and a daddy that is raising you in the ways of the Lord, where is Satan going to fight? He wants to stop the next generation. He wants Mary and Kobe to be the last in their in their family. Want y'all to be the last of that generation. &gt;&gt; He don't want you uh Aaron uh getting married and and serving the Lord and raising your children with fire and vi and v. Now, he don't mind you being religious. He won't even mind you being in the message as long as you don't listen to what the prophet says. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Satan won't don't mind y'all being here sitting on these pews as long as you don't believe what the prophet is saying. &gt;&gt; But the prophet, if he ever said anything, he did say just one word. Misplaced. It comes down to Lord, I want to keep that life in my heart. &gt;&gt; It must be. Hallelujah. And it's really it's really an easy thing to do and that's just to surrender to the Lord and saying, "Lord, I'm going to surrender everything I've got. I want you to just I mind over matter ain't going to fix me. Mind over matter is not going to fix me. I need you to to to open the wells of eternal life from the inside of me and just bubble out. And that's that that's where true there there's where true sanctification comes from. It just bubbles things out. Hallelujah. It keeps things Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. So So the purity of heart, Amen. can only come can only come through the power of the Holy Spirit. So, so the old system, it's that old man-made tank. It's it can be above ground or under the ground, and it depends solely upon the rain, and it runs from the roof of the barn and the house and down into a trough and then down into then into the tank and washes the filth from the roof into it. And and in the old days, the barn was twice as big as the house. And it and they navigated the rain that fell off the roof to the sistern and all of the manure dust and the chicken poop dust and and and everything else all washed into that sistern and the water would sit there and stagnate and scum up and wiggle and which mosquito larva and tadpoles that's where they thrive. But the artisian well is an underground spring which is under pressure and many produce uh hundreds of gallons of water per minute. The pressure must have have a releasing point. The water will be bubbling up out of that rock. Many times it'll shoot way up in the air. Why? Because the water has pressure behind it. And I just want to tell you God is eternal. Someone shout hallelujah. You see, isn't that just beautiful? Amen. So, the prophet would say, "Denominations make stagnant pools where men can live with women and women can carry on and cut their hair and wear shorts and anything else and call themselves Christian." But a genuine fountain, hallelujah, of the power of God, it can't stay there because it pushes it out. I am the fountain of living water. They left me. They left me to dig themselves some sistns. Now, a fountain of living water, we find out. What is the fountain of living water? We find out what the sistern is. Now, what is the fountain of living water? It's an artisian well. And what is an artisian well? Amen. It it's a well that that's always comes from beneath and pushes its way out. It's flowing all the time. It's self-supporting, always fresh, always clean. An artisian well, a fountain of living water. not it's not dead and stagnant. It's living. It's constantly changing, bringing up something new all the time. It's moving on, coming from its resources, and it draws its uh its resources from its bed. And still a fountain of living waters spraying up, self-cleansing. It cleans. It's pure. It's cleaning cleansing water. It's self-supporting. You don't have to wait for the rains till uh to to fill its tanks. It's always bubbling up and it gives its water free. Someone shout hallelujah. You don't have to pump it. You don't have to wind it. You don't have to twist it. You don't have to join it. It just a fountain of living waters. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We were over in Still Water and and um uh and and some of the some of the kids were there and and and they were they were trying to get the old the old pump to work. You know, they had one of those pumps out there out there by the OSU the gardens there and and you had to and you had to pump. Well, they had a tank. They had the old tank and and you have and so when Brother Brand was talking about you don't have to pump it, that's the way you used to get your water. You'd have to you pump pump and a little bit of water come out. Sort of like we do with those water jugs and to get water to come. But this here you pumped and you pumped and you pumped and you pumped and a little bit of water would come out. What's it doing? It's bringing it out from a tank. The tank is is is somewhere else. It's it's got it's got all that bad water, all that stagnant water. And that's the reason I told you kids, don't be drinking from that because that ain't that ain't good stuff that's coming out, right? So, so what we've got God, we don't come to church to get pumped up. Well, amen, man. I hope the song leader gets us going tonight. Amen. Or I hope I hope Oh, I hope this ain't a dry service. How can it be a dry service when you've got a well of living water? Now, if you if you ain't got no water bubbling up until you come to church, we've got problems. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? But God's want this to be bubbling up. It's something that's just bubbling on the inside of us. And there's where prayer life comes in. Let me deal with this for just a moment. Prayer life is just so important. Prayer life is is almost a thing of the past to be honest. Amen. To to where Amen. and and and uh to to to where it's it's not preached about, it's not talked about, it's not it's it's not uh uh you you can't you can't get people here to church. I I I remember I I I remember this church right here. We used to all come and uh uh uh early for church and our prayer before service sometimes would just rock the rafters. But see, then we get more in tune with the message. Oh, we're not supposed to talk. We're not supposed to pray. We're not supposed to. We just think our prayers. I You know what happened to to just praying? Just just a real prayer. &gt;&gt; Now, now we're not talking about some some some guy that's trying to make all kinds of noise and acting spiritual, but we're talking about an earnest &gt;&gt; talk with God. Amen. That that kind that kind of prayer will never hurt any service. That kind of prayer will never hurt anything because there is something there and it didn't hurt anything for brother Brandham where the glory of the Lord would come and move and and but but the thing is amen sometimes us as elders I'm preaching to us elders now sometimes we we think well now we're more dignified or we've learned more and now we've got until the Holy Spirit is no longer bubbling up and our prayer we're no longer looking forward to that prayer the way we used to look forward to that prayer but I just want to tell you Things haven't really changed. &gt;&gt; Well, no, things have not changed with God. God is still the artisian well. &gt;&gt; God is still the artisian well. And and I'm telling you that relationship with the Lord and that prayer, that prayer life can be wonderful. And I want to tell you what God done for me when I was a kid. I I I I look forward to coming down and praying. I I I I I look forward to those times. Amen. you know, I whether coming down to the church or or just going off uh there in Kinwood, we were sort of uh you know, being a small I would I would just take off down the road just just a little ways from the house and I I would just go talk to the Lord, set out there on a tree stump somewhere and just talking to God and let his presence come down and and and and move upon me and and and bring me to tears and I I'm weeping in his presence. I I'm telling you, if you want that kind of relationship with God, you can have that kind of relationship. &gt;&gt; But it's going to require coming into his presence and that and that and that and that inner something saying, "Lord, I want the freshness of your Holy Spirit." Oh, how many wants that? &gt;&gt; Oh, come on now. &gt;&gt; I I I want that. How many of you elders How many of you elders know that you have to be renewed from time to time? And it's not the artisian well, but just sometimes we get something that we got something that's just blocking the path. Hallelujah. But the Holy Spirit, Amen. If you just give him charge that it it's going to blow that trash, whatever it is, it's going to blow it right out of your life. He'll do it. &gt;&gt; He'll do it. He'll do it. Amen. But we allow things sometimes. But I'm here to tell you, I say tonight, let's just let's just let's just let's just unstopp the well. Let's unstopp the well. Let's let the grace of God Oh, hallelujah. Oh, come on now. Amen. Where the glory of the Lord Amen. And and when you and when you when you talk about it, Amen. Uh uh uh uh he he says it it needs no strainer on it. It takes it takes all the parasites out for it's coming so deep down there in the rock until there's no parasites there. I it don't know of any educational rag hanging on it. That's right. The old worldly man worldly made system of man-made denominational wisdom to tell you before a psychiatrist whether you'd be able to preach or not. And and and I it don't have one of those filthy rags hanging on it. Amen. What he's talking about the rags is they used to have to take they they would take a rag and they would use it as a filter. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Filter. This is what this this is basically what that what it would do. Hallelujah. So you take the filter. Amen. And then the the water in the filter then you you put that in your in your in your bottle water to drink. Hallelujah. And so there so you ain't got the seaweed in there. You want to drink that. See, and that's what that's what churches do. They do the filter. Well, you're okay. God still loves you. You know, it's okay. You're going to be what you got to be, but hallelujah. At least you're coming to church and paying your tithes and and God God will accept that. Will God accept that? Does God want that kind of a drink? &gt;&gt; God don't want that kind of a drink. So, we don't want no rags filtering nothing. &gt;&gt; It's filthy. It's filthy. It's filthy. We don't want that. But, Brother Brandham says God wants some fresh Pentecostal water. Now, now this is going to be my last this this this is where I'm coming into prayer. This is where I'm coming in our relationship with the Lord. Just give me another five minutes. This is this is where we're at. Brother Brandham says we are we are giving God this stuff to drink. He says God wants this stuff to drink. Your praise is either going to be this stuff or this stuff. It's going to be so full of the world, so full of this, so full of that, so full of this. You come to church and just There ain't no artisian well behind it. &gt;&gt; There's no life behind it. God's wanting drink &gt;&gt; out of the purity that he placed inside of us. &gt;&gt; Are y'all hearing me tonight? &gt;&gt; See, let's let's let's let's look let's let's listen to brother Brandham here and I and and then we'll then we'll we'll see what we got. Hallelujah. He said, "How could how could you get a fresh drink out of a stagnated sister?" Uh when a person goes to a stagnated sister to get a drink, an artisian well, when there's an artisian well, there's something wrong with that man's mind. And and if a woman or man goes to church or goes to such a place for to find comfort and there is something spiritually wrong with that person. They don't want the word, it shows that their nature is still a frog or a tadpole or something. That's right. something of that nature that likes that stagnant pool because because them kind of things won't live in a fresh in a fresh water pool. Amen. You can't do it. And so he he he goes on and and he and he says u he said, "I'm going to close in in the Lord in five minutes and and um uh uh uh uh uh let me let me set this up. Let me set this up." So, so this is in um the uh uh why why little Bethlehem? So, Brother Brandham was saying they're coming when when David was was was um was garrisoned when Saul was after him and then the Philistines had him had him blocked away from the old well, the well that he used to go to the artisian well that would come and he would come and drink from it. Well, he had been running away and he had been captive for so long and and and and and the enemy or not captive, but the enemy had had been running after him and it it was just it was just he was in a battle and he and the Bible says that David looked was on the hill and he looked down into Bethlehem and he said, "Oh, for a drink, just a drink &gt;&gt; out of the well in Bethlehem. Oh, for a drink. There were three mighty men of David. There were three men that heard him saying this in his heart. Oh, for a drink. And the prophet said his desire was their command. They grabbed up a pale. One grabbed a pale and the other took their swords. And the B and and and brother Brandham says that from that hill they had to go down in one place he said 15 miles. 15 miles over down there. They fought all of those Philistines that were garrisoned around the well. They were blocking the well so that Israel could not have it. And here these three men, one's got the pale and and the other two has got the swords. They are fighting all of those Philistines 15 miles and they come up. Hallelujah. I want that is splashing a little bit. Amen. Hallelujah. They come up. So they they they get them they get them some water. Hallelujah. And then they fight their way all the way back. Now, anybody knows that when you get a pale of water and you're just going just Amen. from here to there, you're going to lose most of your water. How about 15 miles? Okay. So maybe when they got there, all they brought to David was a drink. Okay. They get over there and David is so moved that these men would go to that artisian well to bring him water. You know what he done? You You boys know what he done? Go ahead. Huh? He poured it out. Why did he pour it out? He poured it out as a drink offering to the Lord. He saw those men were willing to put their life in jeopardy for him. He was so thankful that that water becomes sacred. It wasn't that he that would be a slap to their face, him pouring out those three guys says, "So help me." He poured it on the ground as a drink offering. A drink offering to God. You're the only one worthy of this this sacrifice. You're the only one worthy. And he offered it. He offered his drink to the Lord. Now watch brother now brother Brandham is now we're breaking in. He says he says notice a warrior sons you men here that claim to be to to to be sons. Did you know that David what David represented? David represented Christ. He was Christ the son of David. Now, now, now listen, those warrior, gentile warriors, many of them, notice, they they come from everywhere. But they know that fugitive was anointed. They knew David was rejected by his own people. They know the anointing was upon him. They could see it. They stood right by his side. Die or live. They were gallant men. No matter how much the outside world didn't believe it, his own people kicked him out. Amen. They didn't they didn't want nothing to do with him. Saul run him out. The head of the denomination kicked him out. They had nothing to do with it. The council kicked him out and he become a fugitive and he and he had to go uh uh to to wherever he could. There he was in the mountains and there was a little group of men of Gentiles so forth made up. And they looked at that man and they knowed he was coming. He was the coming king. So it is today that the real gallant soldiers of the faith of that word who knows the prom. The word promises. Amen. The word promises that Jesus Christ will return. We ain't interested in millions of dollars of this and millions of dollars of that. I'm interested in the return of Jesus. Jesus Christ. Jesus. I warriors warrior sons of God. What's the matter with you? How how do you stand today when we see the Bible predicts he's a fugitive today? He's been turned out by his church, turned out of the organizations. You know it. You no need of hiding around about it. It's the truth. The Bible says it would be that way. Come out from them marks of the beast. Look at these men. They pulled their swords. What was it? His desire was a drink of cold water. David, what a type of today. our David Christ. Can someone shout hallelujah? &gt;&gt; We know he's we we know he's called a holy ruler. He's cast off to one side, a fanatic of everything, rejected by the churches. And we know who Jesus is. It's the word, right? They've called they've got their creeds and things drawn up in this Christmas like they did the first one. We know that. But we know that this word ever remains true. It's got to be fulfilled. And the desire of Christ is for men, warriors, to stand. Amen. Oh, come stand with me. Stand by my side. I'm standing in a terrible place. I challenge today. These tapes go all over the world. I challenge some man, some warrior who loves Jesus Christ that knows that these things has got to be fulfilled today. Brethren, come stand by my side. Pull the word of God. Forget those dried sistns, stagnated denominations you're living in, and pull the fresh word of God. Let's give Jesus a good drink of fresh Pentecostal water. That's his desire today. Back to the original Pentecost, back to the word. It's prophesied we'd do so in Malachi the 4th chapter. Return the faith of the children back to the fathers again. Who would stand this morning like David? We know David is coming into power. Jesus Christ is going to take the world. Amen. He inherits the earth. He's going to be the king over the earth. He's rejected today. He's a fugitive among his people. Of course, he's a fugitive to the world. Always was. But today, he's a fugitive in his own church. They've rejected him. They love their creeds and big dignitaries over there in that pool over there instead of the word. They won't let it be manifested. They won't let it be preached in its power. They've cut away from it just like the Bible said they had do in Revelation 17. What are they doing? Going up here today all going into the council of churches. Catholicism and Protestantism uniting together. Mark making the mark and the image of the beast. Protestants falling right for it. Pentecostals everywhere. Dignitaries going into Rome from Rome or from Pentecost coming back. Amen. in the most spiritual place in in a in Texas and everywhere. They're opening up and giving understanding of the of the stations and so forth, knowing that that's creed that's been rejected uh that's rejected this word. But oh, you Bethlehem dwellers. Hallelujah. I call for men, warriors who's not afraid. I don't care if there's 800 standing on one side and 10,000 on another. I want warriors who will come with me and cut a hole through that line of unbelieving Philistines, the world council as God garrisoned around the word of God trying to make it creeds and feed the people. There's a well, there's a fountain open in the house of David, Bethlehem for the sin and uncleanliness. Brother, sin is unbelief in his word. Who warrior that can see the millennium coming? What warrior can see the great Holy Spirit come in the form of Jesus Christ, the literal body of Christ, to take over again? Stand with me. Stand by me. Let's Let's cut a hole through the denominational creed. Let's get in there. He's crying for a fresh drink of Pentecostal water. The original Pentecost, not a bunch of caring on and screaming and hollering. I mean, a genuine Holy Ghost baptism that produces the life of Jesus back into the person. Forgive me if I hurt you. No, you don't do it. I I I'm doing this in the name of the Lord Jesus. Come back. Stand. You gallant man who can see Jesus standing yonder. Jesus Christ is fugitive from his church, barred by out by his creeds. By their creeds, there's a fresh fountain hanging yonder. Amen. There's a power to make this word live again. Can I hear an amen? It's prophesied in this day to come to pass. God said it would come to pass. It's got to come to pass. You'll never do it in the army you're in right now. You've garrisoned yourself Pentecost right around the rest of the organization cutting into a creed. But oh man of God, where is that sword? Oh, our Lord desires a fresh drink. I don't care if it's life or death. Let's cut through this thing. It's so hard standing by yourself, but I'm calling for men to stand by me. Stand with the word with what that word says. Do it just the way the word said it. I don't care what anything else says. Stay it that way. For that's the only thing that will cut. Let's go to Bethlehem. The true water of God. Can I hear it? Amen. The real water of God. I want that well. I want the well back in. I I I I I want that well so bubbling up. I want the glory of the Lord so upon you youth. Amen. Kobe, when you're in your youth meetings, the glory of the Lord. Amen. That used to fall upon the youth when you guys were youth and and and and and you would get filled with the Holy Ghost right there in your youth meetings. I I want the glory of the Lord with the power of God so moving that you can get filled with the Holy Ghost right there in your in your bedroom while you're praying. I believe God is not a respector of persons. &gt;&gt; It's what God's promised for this day. It's what he's promised. And then it won't be no no God God's not a God's God's not a he's not a cowboy. He's not one with a whip. Amen. And I last so God's a shepherd and my sheep know my voice. And that's what God is doing today. He's calling us. Do y'all hear the voice of God? Say, I I I want some good Pentecostal water. I want some water. What you see what I'm saying? The two it changes you. But then you become you become you become God's very own water. You become you're the word made flesh. So then you become the witness. And that's why I'm saying you guys don't forget. Don't forget you've got it's not just it's not just God cleaning your heart, but then you become that living witness to the generation. You become God's drink by living that life, by dressing the way you dress, by loving the way you the the acting the way you act. You become a waterer. You become a refreshment to God in this evil world. You become not just to the world. Mary, you're a refreshment to a lot of people. I've been I mean listen I the the the top the top dogs of Pony have told me there's just something about they don't they they talk about us guys too but they always go back to the women and you and and and and you wonder why they come back to you women they they're just their natures and their love and the way they dressed and the way they they it's just when they walk into the store or any business. It's not that you have the dress on. The dress is it's the water of life that is flowing out of you. You're dressing that way is because there's something that has happened in here. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; They see that. They see that. And I think it's so important because you girls do represent that kingdom. when God wanted to show the prophet, show show uh uh John, the prophet John the the new Jerusalem or or he says, "I'm gonna show you the bride." He said, "I'm going to show you the lamb's wife, the bride," he connected it with the new Jerusalem. Anytime that God wanted to show what heaven was going to look like, he showed him a woman. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. When God wanted to Are you hearing me? When God wanted to talk about his church there in in in Ephesians 5, Amen. What did he do? He talks about a man and his wife and how a wife loves her husband and how a man gives himself for his wife. He says, "Oh, I'm talking about you two, but I'm not really I'm using you two as an example, but I'm really talking about the church." He's using the woman to describe the church. when you dress, act, when you live your life the way God's called you to be, especially you women. Amen. Because as I say, you there there's something about those qualities that you have. It it it it is a it is a sign that Christ is on the earth, but it's also a refreshment to the Lord. Brothers, you're the same way now. Amen. Now you you you you you know it's not not quite as noticeable in your life as it is for the ladies because the ladies the womanhood is just totally lost these days. Amen. But but a a true genuine lady when when when they're standing I mean they you you ladies just stand out right now. Us guys we still wear Amen. But we can wear our britches up where they belong &gt;&gt; and we don't have to go through the fads. Amen. Now the molliks are coming out. So now everyone's wanting to go back to the mollik. Amen. And you're not going to be wearing the mollik. Amen. You're you're going to you're going to be you're going to be living that life. It's a treasure. God wants fresh Pentecostal water. But again, I don't we don't we don't harp on this all the time because all we have to do is get this. And once this is in you, it begins to bubble out. And occasionally God says, "Hey, hey, hey." And we're quick to line up, right? Is that not what brother Brandham said in the vision? Amen. Right. At the very end, the the the the bride was getting was going off this way and going and getting out of step and he says, "Get back in line." Is that right? Well, who is it at the end? &gt;&gt; Me and you. And so God's word brings us right back. What is it? It's the fountain of life. Well, can you say amen? Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you here this evening. Amen. So I I I'm thankful that there is if any man if my words abide in you, you abide in me and my words abide in you, you can ask what you will and it shall be done. I am here to tell you that living water, that living water, hallelujah, that's come from an extension cord and uh and uh and and and whatever that pump is. Amen. But there's one that's bubbling out of us, and that's the Lord's eternal life bubbling out of us. Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If the musicians would come, praise the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. God is so good to us. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, now did how' y'all like the visuals here? &gt;&gt; Now, now these this is just two pulls. But don't let this leave you. What are we going to be tonight, Devin? What are you going to be? You going to be this or you going to be this? Hallelujah. [Music] What are you going to be, Aaron? What are you going to be? Where where where are you at? What do you want, Kylin? We're all born this way. We're all born this way. This You're born that way. [Music] as good of a boy as you are, Simmy. As good of a boy as you are. Don't go on it, you guys are the best boys. I We got the best kids in all the world. I We do. But this is what we are in our old nature. This is what we are, Uriah. That's it. It's what's on the inside of you until the Lord comes in, begins to move. [Music] You girls, as pretty as you are, until we get this, we've got this. Adults, if you don't have the baptism of the Holy Spirit, Brother Brandham used visuals, too, right? He used the visual. He used the visual of the heart with a snake in it. And then he used this with a heart with a with a dove in it. [Music] Can't have it both ways. We want God's life in us. If there's someone here that don't want to be this way, but wants to be this. I don't know how it happens. I can't tell you how it happens, Mary. I can't. We know what God's done for us. But you can't explain it. I can't explain it. [Music] It's supernatural. It's something that God does. One minute you're loving you're loving the world and sin and all your pot and drugs and and you come and you ask God, to clean you, to help you, and you want to live for him. And in a simple prayer, a simple prayer, you go from this to this. You say it happens just like that. It does. But many times and most the time it takes many trips, many hours at the altar dying out to ourel to get to the point of surrender so that he can make it. It's a free gift. [Music] But we get this in our mind. Well, I got to do this. I got to I You've got to forget it all. [Music] Well, what do I have? Do I Well, maybe I'll have to do this or maybe I'll have to quit. Do you want that? Do you want this this sess [Music] or do you want eternal life? [Music] I want eternal life. [Music] My my my wife wasn't raised [Music] in the easiest of home. Her brother was a drug dealer. Ed was an alcoholic. Many men in and out of the house. But at 14 years old, when the gospel came to my wife's reservation, God changed her. [Music] [Music] He took this took her old life, took the condition that she was raised in and he gave her a new one. [Music] God took all the brokenness. And if he can do it for that 14year-old girl, well, my goodness, he can do it. He can do it for anybody. [Music] Brokenness and he made something special. [Music] It's a gift that is being offered tonight. He's saying, "Why? Why? Why? Why stick to this old nasty filthy system when I'm offering life? [Music] It don't take too very often. It don't take too very long. For my wife, she said it was a no-brainer for me. I'd done seen all of the stuff. I'd done seen everything that sin had done in my family, but it had done. I was looking for something that was fresh, something that can touch me. [Music] I I want to say that we can all look back. Tina, you can look back in your life. There was nothing back. There was nothing back there. All the brokenness. But God God's brought a living water bubbling out. It's not that you're perfect. It's not that you've already attained, but there's something within you that is that is screaming out to live like him and love him. If there's someone here tonight, as I unplugged it while ago and was just going to end the service, but the Lord don't want that. If there's someone here tonight that needs his presence, that needs his that I'm going to lean up against this this pullpit for a moment. He's here. His presence is here. [Music] When we look and we we say, "Well, we've seen what sin done to mama, grandmama, maybe even great grandmama if you've lived long enough. But when God comes and says, "I want to give you life. I want to give you life where you'll have it abundantly and more abundantly. what your presence his his presence. Won't we just bow our heads here tonight? If the Lord is dealing with your heart, we're just going to we're not going to tear long, but if the Lord is dealing with somebody, if there's someone here that has not accepted Jesus and your you you you've come through the motion, but but you don't have that well of living water in your heart, why don't you let him do it tonight? Won't you let him do it? You don't have to worry about trying to be a Christian. All you have to do is just let the let the artisian well in there. It'll bubble everything that's not of him out there right now. Let his holy spirit. [Music] If there's some of you young people that you can see yourself, you want the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he he'll give it to you tonight. [Music] Some of you's already got it, but maybe you've allowed things to come in that maybe it's hindering the well. Won't you just let God just unstopp it all tonight? Say, Lord, take it all from me. Father, as I feel your presence here lingering, and I I appreciate this audience here tonight, let me minister. I ask Lord Jesus that you would come to the point of need as your spirit is moving across this audience. you're touching lives and I'm asking Lord Jesus [Music] that you would take every one of your children if there's a sinner here tonight that's [Music] living in that stagnant life that cesspool of sin Lord Lord, take their heart as they surrender to you tonight. But I'm asking, Lord, that you would give them drink of that living water. It'll quench the thirst of their heart, their lives that'll make them such great children of yours. Give them a life of peace. Make them soul winners. [Music] You take every one of these young men and women, Lord. May they walk with you. Won't be too many years and they'll be looking for spouses. And Lord, we want to make sure that even in these teenage years when the devil's fighting, Lord, I know there may be some that maybe the devil may be fighting even tonight that have the Holy Ghost. And Satan would tell them they don't. [Music] But I also know that there are some that's the devil saying, "You've got the Holy Ghost." And they might not if that's something that's not that's something in their belly that's not if it's not bubbling up to do your will and your desires to to do your will. I'm asking that you would give it to them tonight, Lord. For they'll never be able to justify sin. They'll never be able to justify anything that is wrong. Help them, Lord. Bring every son and daughter to you. I ask, Lord, those that are watching on the internet that you would touch their hearts right now, Lord. Give them that well of living water as they repent, surrender their lives to you. I thank you for it. As an elder, Lord, I'm surrendering my life even more. I want to surrender everything I am in a greater manner. I want your love. I want that word to live through me, pulsate through my being. Forgive every one of us elders, Lord, for allowing lukewarmness and laxness. Let our homes be full of your grace. Let our church be full of your grace. [Music] In the name of Jesus, we give ourselves to you, Lord. Flow through us. Take all the stagnant waters away from us. Lord, we thank you now in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. [Music] In the name of Jesus. [Music] Go ahead. [Music] me. [Music] No longer me, Lord, but fear. [Music] resurrection power &gt;&gt; fill me &gt;&gt; fill me &gt;&gt; fill me &gt;&gt; this hour &gt;&gt; be Jesus &gt;&gt; Jesus &gt;&gt; be Jesus in me &gt;&gt; is that your desire tonight it's got to be a cry &gt;&gt; Jesus &gt;&gt; there's got to be something within us there's got to be something deep down inside I want something bubbling in me, preacher. &gt;&gt; I want something to bubble in me, pastor. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; sitting on the pews don't give it to you. &gt;&gt; But I know a Jesus that will [Music] resurrection power. Won't you feel me? [Music] Jesus be Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing it again. Oh Jesus, be Jesus in me. No longer thee, but thee. [Music] Resurrection power come fill me this hour. [Music] Jesus. God bless you. &gt;&gt; If we could stand to our feet as we get ready to dismiss now. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus. Be Jesus in me. [Music] &gt;&gt; No longer me, Lord. But he [Music] resurrectction power. Won't you feel me this sound? Jesus Jesus. &gt;&gt; Why don't we all just grab our neighbor's hand real quickly? [Music] Take your neighbor's hand. You're taking their hands. And that's all right. Yeah. Y'all join together. [Music] You won't tell them. [Music] I want you to see Jesus in me. And I want to see Jesus in you. And we're going to make a commitment. They Middle Easter, they just made a a peace treaty. [Music] Well, tonight we're just Jesus makes the peace treaty with us. And we make a commitment to one another. I want to encourage you in the ways of Jesus. And I want you to encourage me in the ways of Jesus. I want you young people, you young men, when you make that commitment to one another tonight, saying when we when we're together, I want to start talking about Jesus. And I I want to encourage you, you young ladies, when you're together, I I want us to start talking about Jesus. And I want Jesus to come. I want this fire to be burning deeply in our hearts. us elders the same way. Let Jesus be Jesus in me and I want Jesus to be Jesus in you and I want to influence you and I want you to influence me. Father [Music] as I am taking these hands I'm joining hands here myself. [Music] I ask Lord, I ask that you take every one of us here tonight as we are members of one body. [Music] And I want you to receive a cold drink of Pentecostal water by what we are joining together as David's mighty men for one cause and that's to do your will. As those mighty men grabbed the bucket and picked up their swords and they fought all of those enemy to get to the well to bring David some water. I'm joining my hands, Lord, with this group of people and we're going to fight every devil and we're going to make it to that well and we're going to bring you some Pentecostal water, word made flesh. Take us, Lord. We're going to fight like we've never fought. And we're going to give like we've never given before, Lord. Lord Jesus, I'm making a commitment to these men and women, these boys and girls. I'm fighting for them. I want to pray for them. Lord, I'm asking that your grace would be upon us all. Our determination is to bring you a good old drink of word made flesh. That's the what Pentecostal water means. It's word made flesh. It's your word living in us. your word becoming spirit in us. Grant it, Lord. We repent of all of our sins. We repent of things that we have allowed. Lord, I'm asking that that artisian well would just bust through every everything in our lives and bring victories in the name of Jesus. Take all lukewarmness away from us, Lord. We're picking up our swords. We ain't going to sit there looking at the enemy. We're not going to be dreaming about the well. We're going to fight till we get to that well in the name of Jesus. We thank you for it. Thank you for healing all of our sick. That's Pentecostal water. Thank you for bringing victory, Lord, to those who haven't been to church in a while. We're going to bring you Pentecostal water, Lord. Oh, Jesus. Here we are. We offering ourselves to you. We thank you for it, Father. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus, &gt;&gt; I thank you for it, Lord. I thank you for it, Father. [Music] Jesus be Jesus. Won't you turn and hug that neighbor by your by you? Girl to girl, boy to boy. Let them know I love you. We're fighting together. [Music] No longer me, Lord, but thee. Resurrection [Music] power feel me [Music] Jesus be Jesus. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Now &gt;&gt; you're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. Oh Jesus. me Jesus in me. &gt;&gt; Oh God. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. No longer. Oh Jesus. [Music] Resurrection power feel me [Music] Jesus be Jesus indeed. I want to do thy will. Oh God, want to do thy will. Oh God, take me, break me, mold me, make me want to do thy will, oh God. [Music] I want to do thy will. Oh God, [Music] want to do thy will. Oh God, [Music] take me and break me. More me and make me want to do thy will. Oh Lord, [Music] I want to do my will. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, [Music] to do thy will, oh Lord, [Music] take me and break me. Mold me and make me want to do thy will, oh Lord, [Music] I want to do thy will, oh Lord, want to do thy Oh Lord. [Music] [Applause] So take me, break me, mold me, and make me want to do thy will. Oh Lord, [Music] I surrender. [Music] Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh, I surrender my life. [Music] I give it all to you. [Music] Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh, I surrender. [Music]
