################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 2025-04-27 Bro Wendall Martin "Access Into Grace By Faith" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   2025-04-27 Bro Wendall Martin "Access Into Grace By Faith"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiPS_3fsyXc
========================================

[Music] Love faithfulness, mercy and love. Great is my faithful. Thy faithfulness morning by morning. New mercies I see. [Music] Thy proided. Great is thy [Music] faithfulness to me. Oh my father, there is no shadow of turning. Thou [Music] change not all has been now [Music] forever will be. Great is my faithfulness. Great is my faithful morning by morning. Your mercies I see and all I have is thy hand proided. [Music] Great is thy [Music] faithfulness unto [Music] me [Music] for thine dear presence. to cheer and to guide. Pray [Music] for [Music] tomorrow with [Music] 10,000 faithfulness. [Music] Great is my faithfulness. Morning by morning. [Music] And all I have is your [Music] handed. Great is my faithfulness to me. [Music] and spring and harvest. Sun, Moon and Stars in [Music] their join with all nature in [Music] waithfulness, mercy. [Music] Great is thy faithfulness. Great thy faithfulness morning. I see. All I [Music] have great is my faithfulness to me. [Music] provided. He's already [Music] provided everything you need. He's already [Music] provided. [Music] Every just [Music] Just God's already proided. He's [Music] already provided. Yes, he's already proided. Everything you need, he's already every proise you can claim. Just ask it in his name. Everything you need is already because of who you are. I give you glory. [Music] And because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Sing that again now. Because of who you are and because of who you are, I give you glory. Oh my. And because of who you are, I give you praise. And because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship [Music] you. Yes, Lord Jehovah Gyra. Oh Jehovah Jar my [Music] proider Jehovah [Music] ny Lord you reign in victory Jehovah shalom you're my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Because of who you are and because Can we just worship him for a few minutes this morning? Thank you, Lord. Because of who you are and because of who you are, I give you praise. And because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you. Yes Lord, you are Lord. I worship [Music] you. Sing with all your heart now. Jehovah Gyra. Oh Jehovah Gyra. Thank you Lord my proider. Jehovah Ny. Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom. You're my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who. One more time. Oh Jehovah gyra. Yes Lord my proider. Jehovah ny Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah shallom. You're my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Is he worthy this morning? Oh, how great thou art. Yes, Lord, how great thou art. Then sings my soul. Then sings my soul. My savior God to thee. Yes. Oh, how great thou art. How great thou are. One more time. Then sings, oh then sings my [Laughter] soul, my Savior God to [Music] thee. Oh, how great thou are. [Music] How [Music] great and sees my soul, my savior, your God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou [Music] are. Is that the cry of your soul this morning? Is Lord, you're great. You're great, Lord, because of who you are. Amen. He's a wonderful God. I'd like to go to prayer here this morning if I may and ask brother Kayla Martin if you would mind coming and leading us in prayer. We do have a few needs. Uh one for for sister Angie McDougall says she's in severe pain this morning and is scheduled on Wednesday to remove her gall bladder. So let's remember her in prayer. And also uh sister Denise King is at home feeling sick this morning. And then dad sent a request uh from brother Steve Martin. He's been struggling in his health and even uh to walk because of his MS. Says, "Good morning. Would you have the church to remember me in your prayers this morning?" So let's remember brother Steve Martin. And if there's anyone that has a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you now. Lord Jesus, we just love you. Father, we just want to say thank you for everything you do for us. Father, we see these these prayer requests. Sister Denise, Father, she's homesick. Father, we ask you whatever she's going through, whatever problem she's having in her body. Father, we ask you just to come down and meet her where she is. Father, you see Sister Angie McDougall, her issues, Father, we ask you to come down and just deliver her. You see, Brother Steve Martin, Father, we ask you to come down and just heal his body. Father, you see anybody else in here that's has any unspoken prayer requests? Father, we ask you to come down and just meet their needs. Father, we ask you to be throughout the song service this morning, Father. And we ask you to be with the man of God, Jesus name. By and by, oh when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are headed home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. We are often driven on the restless sea of time. Sober skies and howling temps often seek in that land the perfect day. When the midst has roar away, we will understand it better by. Oh, now by and by. Oh, when the morning comes of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it. Do we have another [Music] verse of the things that life commands? Water of food and water of shelter, thirsty hills and bearing land. We are trusting in the Lord and according to his word, we will understand his head. You believe that? Turn around and tell someone about it tonight. This morning. Oh, by and by. Oh, when the morning comes, when all good to have you home, bud of God are gatherred home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by trials dark on every hand and we cannot understand all the ways that God would lead us to that blessed promised land. But he guides us with his eye and will follow till we die. For we'll understand it better by. Oh now by and by. Oh when the morning comes when all the saints [Music] We will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better. There one more [Music] verse. Impatience hidden snares often take us unawares and our hearts are made to bleed for many words or deep and we wonder why the test when we try to do our best but we'll understand it better by and by. Oh now by and by when the morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by one more time now. Lord now by singing as our ushers come and when the morning [Music] comes of God we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and Lord Jesus, we come into your presence once more, Lord. Lord, we just lift before you these tithes and offerings, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would just bless those that are able to give and those that aren't, Lord Jesus. Lord, may you just continue to use it for your kingdom. We pray that you'd be in the remainder of our worship, Lord, the remainder of the service, Lord. Just may all that we say and do be pleasing to you. We just commit into your hands. The name of Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. I care not today. Sunshine. The Lord I know ruleth [Music] over and all of my worries in vain. I'm by faith in Jesus above. I'm trusting [Music] concise leading in his great [Music] love from all [Music] harm in sheltering arms. I'm living by [Music] faith and I feel no alarm. Though tempest may blow and the storm clouds [Music] arise the brightness of life. I've never along at the overcast skies. The master looks on at the strife. I'm living by faith in Jesus [Music] above. I'm trusting confounding his great love. And from all I'm saying shing [Music] arms I'm living by [Music] faith and I feel no I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. I'm one of [Music] them. Oh, I'm so glad. Can we go up again? I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm a one of them. Hallelujah. I'm a one of them. Brother Steve, Sister Carrie, do y'all have a song this morning? I'm so glad I can say I'm one. Can we do verse one? Oh, there are people locost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad I'm one of them. Are you one of them? I'm a one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. I'm a one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm a one of them. Although these people may not learn to be your post of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost and are telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Are you one of them? Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of [Music] them. Amen. God bless you. Just a closer walk. Just a closer walk. [Music] I am weak, [Music] but Jesus keep me from [Music] I'll be satisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. Just a closer walk with [Music] Jesus is my plea. Oh, daily walking close to [Music] thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be [Music] through this world of doors and stairs. If I fall, Lord, who cares? Oh, and with my burden shares. None but thee, dear Lord. Not bad. A closer walk with thee. [Music] Granting Jesus is my daily walking close to thee. Let it be. Dear Lord, let it be. When my feeble life is over, [Music] for me will be no more. Just guide me gently, safely, oh to thy kingom shore. to thy shore. Just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Grant Jesus is my plea. [Music] Walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be [Music] just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Oh, granted Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it [Music] be. Amen. Is that your prayer this morning? That should be all of our prayers. Amen. Lord, we want a closer walk with you. Amen. Can we sing this song as the mic? He's here in the building as he comes to sing special. Can we sing the hold to God's unchanging [Music] hand? Can we stand and sing it? Time is filled with swift transition. Oh, not of earth can't [Music] stand. Oh, build your hopes on things [Music] eternal. Oh, hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, you must hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Oh, build your hopes on things eternal. You must hold to God's changing head. Verse two. And trust in him who will not leave you. Yes, Lord. In whatsoever years may bring. [Music] And if our earthly friends forsake it or steal more closely to him, please you must oh to God changing hand. Oh to God the unchanging hand. Oh build your hopes on faith [Music] eternal. Oh Jim heaven. Amen. God bless you, brother Mike. Life is easy when you're up on the mountain. And you've got peace of mind that you've never known. But then things change. You're down in the valley. Don't lose faith, child. You're never alone. For the God on the mountain is still God in the [Music] valley. When things go wrong, he'll make them right. And the God of the good times is the God in the bad time. The God of the day is still God in the night. Talk a faith. You're up on the mountain. But talking so easy when life is best. But down in the valley comes trials and temptation. That's when faith is really put to the test. For the God on the mountain, it's the God in the valley. Where things go wrong, he'll make them right. And the God of the good times is still God in the bad [Music] times. The God of the day is the God in the night. For the God of the mountain is still God in the valley where things go wrong. He'll make him right. and the daughter of the good times is the God in the bad [Music] times. The God of the day is the God of the night. Amen. Can we stand and sing this as the man of God comes now? Oh, there are two roads you can take. One by one by faith. will take the word of God or what you'll see. What you believe is what will be. Oh, set your wings to the wind of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by [Music] grace. Set your way to the wind of faith. I love this verse. Oh, watch your need. Watch your need this morning. Watch your cry. Yes, Lord. Watch your mountain. That's much too high. Oh, speak the word of God and by and by it will move for you will fly. How about it this morning? Oh, set your [Music] wings to the winds of faith. Yes, Lord. Oh, you can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace. [Applause] Set your wings to the wind. The last verse now. Oh, watch the eagle in the sky. Oh my. He does not struggle. He does not strive. for the power that makes him rise. It's [Music] already in the sky. Oh, set your wings, little bride, or to the wind of fame. You can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by [Music] grace. Set your wings. Can we do verse two now as the man of God come? Oh, watch your need. Watch your need. Watch your cry. Watch your mountain. That's much too high. Oh, speak the word of God. Yes. And by and by it will move. For you will fly. Set your wings oh to the wind of fes. You can fly in a higher [Music] place. Oh, let's sing it again. Oh, set your wings to the winds of fame. You can fly through the [Music] high [Music] struggle. It's by rain. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Praise the Lord. Do you love him this morning? Isn't he wonderful to us all? Amen. And I'm so glad that we have access into this wonderful heavenly realm through the faith that God has given every one of us. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see uh everyone here this morning and uh trust everyone is is uh is doing well and uh appreciate the the the brothers uh for jumping in while we had a little bit of time but to put the tent up and do a little bit of work around the yard and that was that was nice and uh so we we sure uh appreciate that and looking forward to uh uh what God has has got. I know brother Joel's getting all geared up for the for the fundraiser and and uh so everyone's all uh we're we're we're just looking forward to uh to those things there. Yes. Uh good good to see everyone. I thought I thought we also uh the uh the reception for Austin and Rose was just wonderful the other night and uh we we sure love Rose and good to have her here in Oklahoma. Let's let's look here in I've got two scriptures. They're in Zechariah the fourth chapter and then also um Romans the 5th chapter. And um we are sure thankful to to God for his message and um man for it is the evening time light. Amen. there in Zechariah 4 and1. And the angel that talked with me came again and wake me as a man that was waken out of his sleep. And he said unto me, what seeest thou? And I said, I have looked, and behold, a candlestick hall of gold with a bowl upon the top of it, and as seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps, which are upon the top thereof, two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other upon the left side thereof. So I answered and spake unto the angel that talked with me, saying, What are these things, my lord? Or what are these? Then the angel that talked with me answered and saith unto me, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, No, my Lord. Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts. Who art thou, oh great mountain, before Zerubabel, thou shalt become a plain? He shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. Amen. Let's also go to the book of Romans, the fifth chapter, and we will read the first two verses. Amen. So thankful for God's word. Praise the Lord. It says, "Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom also we have access by faith into this grace, wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of God." And we're going to take a a text out of that, access into grace by faith. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you today for your your kindness and your goodness, Lord. Thankful, Lord, for all that you are. Thank you for our little congregation here, Lord, and all the laborers, Lord, from Lord, those who uh assist in the cleaning and and Sister Stephanie keeping keeping it all in charge. Lord, the for those who are who are doing the cooking, Lord. Sister Keys who helps keep that it going. And thank you, Lord, for our trustees, our our our deacon, Lord, our song leaders, our musicians. Just Lord, today as I as I stand here, I thank you for all of those, Lord, our Sunday school teachers who labor, Lord. And I Lord, we're doing it for one purpose and that is for your kingdom. And I just pray that you would bless all of those laborers here, Lord. Father, I ask that you would bless the congregation. I I pray, Lord, that that your grace would be with us here this morning. Father, we don't come by our own works and our own abilities, Lord, but we we come because you have called us and ordained us to this grace. Now, Father, we just ask that you would be with us today in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You can be seated here. Amen. We are very thankful. Thank God for every one of you. And we don't say it often enough, but you know, as we I was thinking the other day when brother Michael had mentioned put on the chat um have a little have a little time and and um and everyone all showed up right after work. I thought, you know, I just it it's, you know, it's just so good to be a part of uh of people who who who are behind a vision. And um we we you know our we this this church would be nothing without without the congregation. And um with without those who are who are willing to see um these things go forward and and um and so we we thank every one of you for all all of your labors of love that you do. just, you know, you're not you're not always uh u given accolades, but you are you are very much appreciated. Can I hear a great big amen? Amen. I I want to minister here this morning as on the access into grace by faith. We I I as as I uh been for some time um thinking along lines of God's great love wherewith he loves us and and the amen the the graciousness of God's love to us. And as we read there in Zechariah, Eman talking about the two trees and and also about the amen the candlesticks and and Zerubabel was a man uh was anointed to rebuild the temple. He was he was the great prince that God had placed his hand upon. He he was to lay again the foundation of the temple but he was also to bring the headstone of the building. Now he didn't say the cornerstone but the headstone. So it would be the relaying of the foundation of the of the temple. Amen. But it would also be the capstone coming down and finishing it. And uh of course these this was uh uh talking about Israel and and the building of the temple, but it was also a type, amen, of the of the seven church ages, the seven candlesticks. And we would have the two olive trees, which would be the new the old and new testament. And and it would be in this last day that God's great prince, God's great prophet, he would be a restoration prophet. Amen. Under the anointing of Elijah. And Elijah rebuilt the altar of God. He didn't bring new stones, but he rebuilt the altar of God. Amen. And restored the worship the way God wanted it. And so this Elijah that is to come. Amen. The seventh day messenger would to would be to restore the beginnings. We restore uh uh the church and to lay again the foundation. Amen. And in this day would also bring on the capstone in this capstone age. Amen. This is this is the day that you're living in. Amen. But there would be a cry, a shouting that would that would go out that would say grace, grace unto this capstone as it is coming down. We understand the capstone is the finishing up of redemption. It is it is the word age or the bride age or the capstone age as brother Brennham would bring it in many many ways. But the as this stone is coming down, there was a cry. Amen. A shouting, a crying out, grace, grace unto this capstone. And he would say, this is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel. Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts. Amen. It would be a it would be a working of grace. It would be God from the start to the finish. There would be no Amen. Nothing that would you would be able to add to it or I would be able to add to it. It would be divine grace. Of course, grace does mean divine favor. It's the divine gift. It is the unmarited favor of God upon one's life. And I as as I was thinking here, excuse me if I as I was thinking here today, amen, of God's grace, I I I I don't think there's anything greater than God's grace. Amen. We can talk of God's power. We can talk about Amen. many of the attributes of God, but if it had not been for the grace of God in your life, you would not know the power of God. Amen. The power of God is is is wonderful. But the grace of God is what pulls you and separates you to himself to say, "Amen. I have called you to exhibit my power through." Amen. I I I think that's a that's a wonderful thing that we could have. Amen. Grace is God's world. Grace is God's nature. Grace is who God is. He is a God of divine grace. Amen. Grace is unmmerited. Grace is unlimited. Grace is unhampered. Grace is boundless. Amen. Grace, when we think of grace, we are saying there is nothing to restrict its purpose. There is nothing to hinder its cause. When God looks upon you and favors you, there is nothing that can deter God's grace upon your life. Amen. It's unmmerited healing. It's unlimited uh salvation. It is it is unhampered deliverance. It is boundless freedom. Amen. It is grace upon your life. Amen. When God wanted to Amen. to say he when he wanted to express he says it is pressed down, shaken together and running over. Amen. Ephesians 3:18, it says, "May be able to comprehend with all saints, the elect of God, what is the breadth and the length and the depth and the height, and to know the love of God, of the love of Christ, which passes knowledge, that ye may be filled with the fullness of God unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we would ever ask or pink according to the power that workketh in us. How is that power workketh in you? It is by grace. It is God's grace upon your life that brings these things to pass in you. Oh, your family is favored. Amen. If you've I if you're standing upon the word of the Lord, Amen. you are favored. If there is something there that is that that that is uh that is drawing you, you are favored here this morning. Amen. Now, now the opposite of grace is works. The opposite of grace, amen, is knowledge and and and working and and and trying and struggling. This is the opposite of grace because once you come into grace, it is all divine works. It is a divine God with a divine power working his divine works through you. So it is no longer you that lives but it is Christ that is living in you. Amen. Now God is is the very nature of grace. Amen. Grace is as old as as creation is itself. Amen. By grace, God favored man above all that he created. He created man in his very own image. Now, he could have he could have created anything to to to have dominion, but it was God's grace that God gave Adam and made him the ruler of the earth. The authority and dominion was given unto Adam because of God's grace. God's favor, God's unlimited power was given unto Adam. Amen. Because God favored Adam. Favored Adam over all of the animal life. Favored Adam. Hey, God could have had the son to preach the gospel the prophets at. God could have called the Amen. He could have had anything doing it. But God favored Adam. God favored man. And God's grace was exhibited. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Now, when he gave Adam and Eve the one command, Amen. or the one law to live by, we find that Eve crossed the separating line and broke that commandment. Amen. And and and and then she enticed her husband to eat. Amen. And a law, in order for it to be a law, it's got to have, amen, a penalty or it is no law. Amen. And the day you eat thereof, you shall surely die. Can you say amen? Now remember, the first judgment seat on earth was in the garden. Amen. That was the first judgment seat. The last judgment seat is going to be on earth also. It's the white throne judgment. Amen. But you see, Amen. I I I as I as I have as I've thought about this so many times here lately, as I've been thinking about the love of God and and and and just sort of preaching along these lines, Amen. I I can imagine a as as that first couple at sin, all nature must have been paralyzed as Amen. as they held their peace. Amen. That day uh uh was Amen. I would imagine it being gloomy and and black as the sun hid its face and the stars refused to shine and birds stopped chirping. Amen. And and and held their peace because sin had come in and blotted it all out. Amen. Now you say, "Well, now what makes you think that?" Well, that's what happened. Amen. When sin when when Jesus died, the death for you and me. Amen. that that the that that the that the that the that the the noon day become as dark. Why? Because sin he had taken the sin of humanity upon himself and he was dying that day. Well, can you say amen? Amen. Brother Brandham would say that's what's the matter with the churches today. That's what's the matter with the people. Sin has blotted out the light of the living God to show that Christ still the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he lives to save to the uttermost and to heal to the lowest. And the sick person. Amen. Oh, how terrible it was that morning. Darkness hanging in the garden. I imagine the fog of black sackloth. I can imagine every leaf never moved and no wind stirring. It was darkness and terrible because sin had blotted it out. Then Jehovah come down like a roar of thunder, walking through the garden, crying, "Adam, where art thou?" Amen. Then that's when Adam realized he was naked and had sinned before God. He hid himself and tried to make himself a religion. But it didn't work. God killed some sheep and took the skins and showed that something had to die to cover sin. And joining church will never cover sin. No dryeyed confession will ever cover sin. It takes sorrow and repentance and the grace of God to cover sin. Can I hear an amen? For the blood of Jesus Christ, the one that God killed at Calvary to cover sin. He says, "There in the garden that morning when sin was so black, Jehovah come in, there stood his couple standing condemned and there would be no human race. They had to die. death on the human race and give the world back to the wild beast. There would be no human race. But in the darkest of hour, in that time when all hopes was gone, grace come pouring through and said, "I'll give you a savior, a Messiah." Amen. It's a wonder how God could ever do it. God's amazing grace in the Garden of Eden. Amen. That gave them the promise of a just one who would come through the woman. The woman's siege shall bruise the serpent's head, the guilty one and his head shall bruise her heel to show that there would be an affliction to the church. But he promised triumph. He promised a savior. He promised grace. Can you say amen? Amen. Oh yes. How could they show h how could they show to to merit grace? How could what could they show to do it? He met the old army expression. Excuse it. He says, uh, passing the buck, Adam said, the woman give it to me and did it. And and and the woman said, the serpent beguiled me. One laded to the other. Amen. To another. There was no hopes for them. But God provided grace. And it come breaking through. And he said, "I'll make a way somehow. I'm going to save you regardless. You've done wrong. You've trespassed my laws, and my laws will have to be, but judgment from my laws will have to be executed. Therefore, there will have to be death because I said death." Can you say amen? But grace would find a way. And you know, I I I just want to say once again, grace. Amen. Grace. A everyone just say it with me. Unlimited. Unmmerited. Unhampered. Boundless. God's grace is sufficient. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. The Apostle Paul, Amen. as as he was struggling there in and and and fighting and at and and a thorn in the flesh and and he was asking God, I I need help. And God answered him and says, "My grace is sufficient for you." Amen. When God says, "My grace is sufficient," he's talking about the boundless grace, the unmarited grace, the grace beyond human ability to where his anointing up you will bring forth his presence, his promise to you. Can you say amen? Amen. To comprehend with all the saints. Amen. To comprehend. Well, glory to God. Amen. I'm so thankful for that grace would find a way. Amen. Would it be right for God to make an angel to die in man's place? No. Would it be right? Amen. Could Could Eve die in man's place? No. She caused the sin. Amen. Was there anyone else that could die that could pay the price? Amen. That God's great law demanded. No. There was no one could do it. But God himself took on a body of flesh. Amen. He didn't just do it for Adam, but he knew there was going to be a Patrick Wade that needed. He knew there was going to be a Wendell Martin that needed. He knew there was going to be a Joe Green that needed it. He knew there was going to be an Alustin Stout that needed. God's grace stepped up. Amen. when you couldn't provide it, when you couldn't do it, it was God's grace that came down to you and said, "I am unlimited in what I can do. I'm unlimited." Amen. So, the great invisible God, he didn't send He didn't send a second person or the Godhead and say, "Hey, you got to die. Somebody's got to stay up here and keep things running." Amen. And God himself, God himself came down in a body of flesh and died the human death. Amen. And paid your price. Can you say amen? Amen. It never was what you deserve. It was grace. It never will be what you deserve. It is grace. Brother Bradom would say, let me say this, my sinner friend. You may be here this morning a prostitute. You may be here this morning a woman chaser. You may be here a drunker or a gambler or a murderer. You might be here as an impure husband, an impure wife. You might be the vilest of sinners. You say, "I'm past the stage of redemption." No, you're not or you wouldn't be at this church this morning. Grace will make a way for you in the darkest hour if you'll just accept it. Adam had to be willing to accept it. And so do you. So accept it. Amen. So grace in itself extended is not everything there is to it. There has got to be an accepting of that grace. Can you say amen? This brings us to our text. Amen. For we have access into this grace by faith. This this faith. There's got to be somebody that will appropriate the grace in your life. Grace has come and it's called and it's provided. But the door to access it is faith. Amen. Faith to do it. Amen. Remember what we had just said. Being justified, Romans 5:1. Being therefore justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. by whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. Can you say amen? Amen. So what is faith? Faith is the access into the realm of the supernatural world of God. Amen. You want into this. Do you want in access into the supernatural unlimited bountless amen power of God? you. Faith gives you that access into it. Faith is convinced that God is right. Faith is convinced that grace is for me. Faith is convinced that God would never call me if he could not keep me. Grace says you started me. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Faith says God's grace that has started me out is going to finish me and complete me because his grace is boundless. Amen. Oh, in this day of rapture, in this day of rapture where God is commanding the church to be perfect, when God is commanding and he's saying, "I'm taking a church into the rapture." Hallelujah. As the headstone is coming down, the capstone is coming. Glory be to the lamb of God. God's not crying works, work, work, work. God is crying grace, grace, grace. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, can you say amen? Amen. It's never been your ability. It'll never be your ability. It'll be by by by faith in the access of God. Amen. the the the grace of God there in Ephesians 1:18 the eyes of your understanding being enlightened that you may know somebody say that you may know what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen amen I'm standing ing here this morning and faith is reaching out. Amen. Into that rim of grace, into that rim of impossibility, into that rim where all things are possible. And faith is saying, "It is mine." Faith is saying, "I believe it." Faith is saying, "I'll access it." Faith is saying, "Lord, whatever you've for me, I will take it." Can you say, "Amen." Amen. Brother Random would say that your faith is the door and you open. Now, you know, you open the door to go in into a room. In order to get into this room, you had to open the door to come in. Amen. But those doors are also used to lock people out. Amen. So, a door can lock out and a Lord a door can open up. Amen. And ironically, it's in this last church age that Christ is on the outside and the door is locked and he's knocking. Grace is knocking. Power is knocking. Unlimited. The unlimited world of God is knocking, but the door is locked. Now could you imagine coming to church where the unlimited God is and we have locked it. Well, how do you lock it? Faith and love go hand in hand. And so when love when love is is is has has been jeopardized, faith can no longer work. Faith can no longer work. You love God, therefore you believe. How can you say you love God when you can't love your brother? So faith, Amen, will either be that door will either be locked or that door will be opened. We will either walk in the walk with God or the grace of God or we will just be church members. And church members at best can only do works. Show up and it is hard. They don't want to come to church. They don't want to participate. They don't want to be. It's works. Amen. And at best, it's works to look good among among your friends. But God's not wanting us to look good here this morning. God's not wanting us to see what kind of clothes we're wearing here this morning. God's wanting us to open the door of faith to go into a world of an unlimited God, an unlimited resource. We praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham talked about India. He says India in India has some of the greatest of the world's resources. It is some of the greatest. They're untapped. Amen. But he says because they don't have the ability or they don't have the faith. They can't see the potential that they have. He says they're sitting on top of unlimited resources and dying and starving and or a third world country. He says if they could put their faith into action, they would get those resources and become a wealthy nation. He says that's the way it is in the church. Amen. We'll sit there and say I wish, I want, I hope. Amen. Oh, we'll get our faith out and say, "God's got the resources. God's given us the grace. He's given us the ability. I'm going to stand." Well, can you say amen? I'm going to rise to the occasion because the grace of God has been extended to me. Power within you came by grace. Can you say amen? So you can either open God's grace to you or close it. Faith is the access. What is the access? It's a means of approaching. Access is a means of approaching or entering a place. It's the entrance or the way in. Amen. And brother Brandon would tell us the only way that you can access me is through humility and believing there in the message of grace. Brother Brandham would say, "But because Noah feared God, he believed God." You can't fear God without believing. How can you fear something you don't believe? You got to fear God. Solomon said, "The fear of God is the beginning of wisdom." Now, just to fear God, you're beginning to have wisdom. The fear of God, Noah feared the Lord and he believed the Lord. And that's what God honors is your faith in him. That's right. Then when the fear of God come upon Noah, God called him by grace, saved him in his house because it was grace that did that. Well, praise the Lord. Can I just put it this way? The more humble that you become, the greater the access into that realm with God. The more humble you become, the greater the access is to this grace. You say, "Brother Wendon, I don't see that in the scripture." Well, sure you do. We've we've looked over it many of times, but there in in James 4 and6, I believe it is, he says he giveth more grace unto Amen. He He giveth more grace wherein he uh he saith God resisteth the proud, but he giveth grace unto the humble. Let's just read a couple of verses there. Amen. Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. Draw nigh to God and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners. Purify your hearts, you double-minded, and be afflicted and mourn and weep and let your laughter be turned to mourning and your joy to heaviness. Amen. Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord and he will give you grace. Hallelujah. lifting you up is grace. Amen. Approaching God through humility. Approaching God in the in the form, Amen. of not not not uh you know, when he's talking about brokenness and being afflicted and mourning, he's not saying, "Amen. Woe is me and and a and having a pity party." It means that Lord, I my ways are not your ways. My thoughts are not your thoughts. Amen. God, I just can't quite make it. I I just can't quite meet uh Amen. your approval. I just at your word, it just seems I fall short. But God, if you'll give me grace, God, if you'll give me power. God, if you'll raise me up. Oh, can you say amen? God, I'm struggling with my brother. God, I'm struggling with my mama. God, I'm struggling. But if you'll give me grace, Lord, here I am. I'm take I want you to take all pride. I want you to take off uh anger. I want you to take all malice. I want you to take everything from me as I fall before you in humility. I need access to your grace. Can you say amen? What does God think about my attitude or my approach to his grace? What does God think about your attitude and approach? Because grace has been given. We got a whole We got a whole bunch of Bible talking about predestination and election and what Christ has done for you. We got a whole Bible talking about there's going to be an elect that would be called out of Babylon. Amen. By this seventh angel messenger. Oh, we got a whole lot of Bible. Right. But what's my attitude toward that grace? Amen. You see, your approach is very important. Your attitude. What What is What is my attitude? What is my attitude? toward this unlimited, bountiful, unfailing grace. Would you think that a woe is me attitude would be the approach? Would you think a bitter heart would be the right approach when God has come and said specifically that you are mine elect and I've loved you before the foundation of the world and and he's expressed what his grace is. What what what what attitude would be the right attitude? I I know I know when I if I've offered something to my sons or my daughters, grandchildren, and I and I and I offer and then and then I and then I hear as I as they as they come back and you know they they they've not they've not taken me up on the deal and well, we just don't. No, no, I I just won't do it. I just hallelujah. When I get up and give my chair to one of my girls, they better take my chair because that is grace. I am giving. I am getting up out of my chair because I want one of my girls to sit in it. Right now, now they're being gracious back to me, saying, "Well, but you're back and you're this and no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And when we come to God and God has extended his grace. Oh, glory to God. When the golden scepter has been has been put before you and said, "I'll give you up to half the kingdom." And you ask for a Twinkie. I'll give you half the kingdom. Amen. and and you're saying, "Ah, well, I I'm just not worthy. I just don't know." Your stinking attitude is a stench in the nostrils of God. It is grace and not your merit. It is grace. If you think you being good is going to make God love you more, you don't know salvation yet. But it's the humble that says, "I'm not using my merits." Oh, but I go to church and so I don't care. I I do this. I got I and and you're justifying the things in your life that grace has come to give you power over and you are and you're using your works. Well, well, but I but I but I it stinks. But the one that has nothing to offer than the one that says thank you. If you've got the golden scepter in your hand. Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. You remember the story that Brother Bradom talks about the messenger that had to take the message. He talks about it was it was a story back in the in the old days and the king needed needed to run take the messenger take take a message uh uh out to a general. Amen. And he and he hands him he hands him the message but then he stops. He says, "Hey, come back here. Take my golden scepter. And if anyone stops you, just show them the scepter." Any anyone says, "I don't just show them the scepter." I I I say here today, if God's given you this message, he's given you the golden scepter. And the enemy wants to say, "Well, you're not worthy." Just Hallelujah. Amen. Well, well, but you you don't belong. Just show them the scepter. Amen. When when when it looks like everything is against you, just show them that scepter. Don't you stop. You've got the king's message. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, but you're too young. Just show them the scepter. Oh, you're too old. Just show them the scepter. Oh, you've sinned too much. Just show them the golden scepter. It is God's word given to you by divine grace in this day. Attitudes. Attitudes mean everything because attitudes are a reflection of your faith. As brother Brandham was saying, you can't you can't have fear to God and not have faith. And you can't say you have faith that you have faith and you don't fear God. Faith sees what God has, shows the unlimited resources he has, and it really shines a light on your inabilities. Well, praise the Lord. Brother Brandham says it's your attitude of reproach, how you approach anything. If you come like on the gift here, you've got to approach the gift in the right way. Another place he says, I wish you'd be reverent while I'm praying. It's not an excitable matter. It's reverent. We must approach God with a true sincere heart. Just as reverent as we can be. Well, praise the Lord. How? Well, hallelujah. Faith is the access to bountiful grace. Amen. Now, Brother Brenamman says, "What what is it?" God catches us and we tried to lead him. Let him lead. He knows the way. He has traveled the road. He made the road. We don't know the road. So why do we try to reason these things out? Let us submit ourselves to him and say, "Lord, you lead me and I'll follow." It's your grace. It's your grace that's put me on the road. I don't know the road. You know the road. You made the road. You know how You know where my destiny is. You know what you've got. You know how to get me there. Well, somebody shout hallelujah. I said, God knows your road. God knows where you're going to end. Amen. God, let me lead. Let me follow you. He says, "How about your Lord? Oh, you want to be saved. You don't want to go to the devil's hell, but you don't want to receive him as your Lord. Lord is ruler. Lord takes over all you. You want to have your own little private life. You want to live the Christian life the way you want to. You don't want to live it the way he wants you to. Let him come into your heart and say, "Oh, I I I've let you in my heart, Jesus, as as my savior." Yes, but but I I I I've never let you take control cuz I wanted to act a little this way. I want to be modern. Oh, he ain't your Lord yet. Help us, Presley. And Godfrey spirit has still got a hold of you. The devil. Sure. Won't you come where Christ is moving? See his spirit. There is where the grace is. Oh, glory to God. Access. Access. The door that shuts, the door that opens. Can you say amen? Amen. The prophet of God would also say, he says, "The thrill, the blessedness of knowing the risen Lord Jesus stands in our midst should send every soul into the heights beyond anything in this world could thrill. It should do something to you. It should take your faith to you would open up every door of faith, everything else, and say, "Lord, take full possession of me now. Take me into your caring here. Come into my heart. Take my selfishness away. Take my misunderstandings away. Take my doubts away. Open my eyes, Lord, and let me see. Take all of me and be my Lord. Until the church does that, we are walking in blindness. And Jesus is knocking at the door and we're leaving him outside. Grace knocking. Can you say amen? He says, "Many professed Christians don't want to open that door of faith. Now you say, 'Lord, you come in. That's right, but I don't believe that all the Bible is right. I will take my church, what my church says, but I won't take the rest of it, how is your Lord ever going to bless you then? How can he be your Lord and healer if he can't get your door of faith open? If he can if if he can come in and you'll welcome him, he'll open that door and he'll walk in to that faith of yours. He will suck with you in that door of faith. Someone shout hallelujah. Amen. Another place. If I've got the faith, the works is finished. If he can open that door and come in and give me the faith in my heart, it's finished. When I can really believe him. Amen. Another place. Oh, blessed be his name. You don't have let him come in. Open that door of faith. When he come, when he says anything, it's the truth. Amen. When his promise is to you, that's the substance. When the faith anchors to know that God cannot lie, it is settled. Santa, can I hear an amen? Yes. That faith, faith is the access to that supernatural grace. Grace has been extended. Oh, glory to God. I'm here this morning because of grace. You're here this morning because of grace. Now, Lord, let me open the door. Let me open that door of faith, brother. There is there is no telling what where I'm going and how I'm getting there because grace faith is going to give me access. Faith isn't going to be shut up. You say, "Amen. I need another scripture." The Bible says, Amen. There in Romans, faith where Galatians, faith was once shut up. Amen. We were shut up unto faith. Amen. Kept underneath the law of the dos and don'ts. Amen. But when faith came, when faith came, grace was exhibited to us. Can you say amen? Through faith. Through faith. Amen. The patriarchs seen the provisions of grace. It had to be. Amen. It was able. It was by faith that Abel could see God's provided grace. It was by faith Abel could see that grace had provided a lamb. Therefore, Abel could walk by faith and offer a lamb even though he was never taught it. Even though he never learned it in school. Amen. He knew there was coming a Oh, glory to God. By faith, he was ushered. Amen. He was given access into that grace. [Music] Can you say amen? Amen. Noah was given the knowhow to escape the coming judgments. Amen. This is when the fear of God come upon Noah, God called him by grace and saved him and his house because he it was grace that did it. But not because Noah was a big handsome man than all the rest of them. Not because Noah went to the best church there is in the country. Not because he belonged to the best organization. Not because he could dress better. Not because he had more money. Not because he was a special person. But because of the grace of God. It was because of the grace of God that God saved Noah. Grace saved Noah. Not his works, but his grace and also his family. Well, praise the name of the Lord. Oh my. Noah didn't have all He didn't have all of the the the the ins and outs. He didn't have all the answers. He didn't have all of these things. That is very true. Amen. But he was just walking in the grace. Amen. God, thank you for the grace. I'm going to believe you for the grace. I'm going to get out. The Bible says he moved with fear. Amen. He built an ark. He done those things. Why? Because faith says God is going to keep his word. Faith, amen, open it up and give me access into that grace. Do you realize that only eight people out of billions were saved, amen, on that boat? It was because God took, Amen, a little farmer by the name of Noah and says, "I'm going to give you access. I'm going to give you grace. I'm going to show you mercy. I'm going Well, not because he's good. Not because he's bad, but because God favored him. You see, it's it's the heart. It's not how often you get it right and how often you get it wrong. It's the cry that is saying, "Lord, I want access to that power to live an overcoming life." The one that says, "I'm fine." has shut the door. The one who says, "Well, ain't going to be no one tell me I can't smoke cigarettes, or no one going to tell me to watch my attitude, or no one's going to tell me that. Hallelujah. You've shut the door. King Saul shut the door. He sinned. And when the prophet came up and says, "What is the loing and what is the bleeding of the sheep? What what do you have here?" He goes, "H, well, I know the Lord said, but I was thinking this would make wonderful sacrifice." And God says, "Because you have disobeyed, I'm taking the kingdom from you." Instead of him falling on his face, grabbing the foot of the prophet and begging for access into grace, He said, "Really? I'm asking you to do one thing with me, prophet Samuel, go with me before the people to worship and honor me there before them." Samuel says, "My honor will do nothing to you." He was demanding the preacher to honor him, the prophet to honor him despite his wrong. There was nothing saying I have sinned. I am wrong. He lost the kingdom. The next kingdom or the next king was king David and grace was given to David. Grace brought him from the sheepfold. Grace gave him favor. Grace Grace was all around him. He wasn't head and shoulders tall. He was a little fella. He was ruddy. David was the least of his brethren. His father seen no honor in him. Oh, glory. As he was out there in the shepherd or out there in the field, there he was all alone. But grace had brought him into a into a realm with God. He didn't have friends. He didn't have anything. But grace, Amen. Faith had brought him into this grace. And he would come and write songs and sing songs to God. The grace was upon him. power, the anointing. Oh, you don't have to have you don't have to belong in the who's who. You don't have to Amen. to have great friends in high places. You don't have to have your name on marquees. All you need is grace. All it takes is a humble heart. Oh, come on. If a proud heart took the kingdom away, a humble heart will usher you in. If a proud spirit, amen, will keep the the heart of God and the power of God away, then the anointing of a sweet and humble and contrite heart will bring the kingdom near you. David very humbled. He would sing songs to him, living in grace. Oh my lion would come. He's already there. He didn't have to go pray. He didn't have to get prayed through. He just walked right. He took off after him because he was living in that world with God. He wouldn't live in infurity complexes. He he he although he had plenty of them there, but he had to choose. He had to choose. His faith had to be anchored in that divine one who had called him and placed that anointing upon his life. He had to make that choice. Yes, he was despised of his brethren. Yes, his daddy just put him out there to take care of the sheep. But God seen something within him and gave him the unmmerited favor. David slew the lion. Another time he slew the bear. Another time he slew the Goliath. His brother saying, "Oh, don't be the naughty boy you are. Go on back to those sheep." He says, "Listen, that's an uncircumcised Philistine that's making fun of my God." Hallelujah. I can fight him. I can fight him. Grace. Living in grace. The Bible says that David was a man after God's very own heart. But David was also one that knew what it was to blow it big. David was also one that knew what it was to look out the roof off the roof and see it a woman bathing and I can't remember the the man he was a proelite of Israel man he loved David. He had been expelled from the kingdom of D of Saul. He was living off in another country because of Saul's tyranny to the indebted one. Uriah. Yeah, I think it was Uriah. What was it? I can't remember what what he what nationality he was. But when he had heard that David when he had heard that David was living in the grace and the power of God was with David, he was one of those guys. Uriah was one of those guys that fled to the cave with David. He knew that David was going to come into power. Uriah was with David. David, he loved David. But that was his wife that David had committed adultery with and and then when David couldn't come he took him off the battlefield and he and he says go go home and spend some time with your wife and he wouldn't do it. He he slept out there on the palace in front of the palace and wouldn't even go home to his wife and said I've got men out there. I've got my brethren out there fighting for the king. I I can't go in. David couldn't get him to do it. He was that kind of a man. He was a good man. Then David says, "All right." Writes a letter telling Joab to take him out there. Put him right out there in the front of the right right out there in on the front lines. And in the thick of the battle, everybody retrieve. Everyone go back. Don't give him Don't Don't Don't let Uriah know. Uriah was killed by David when the prophet comes up and tells him there's David. What do you think about the man who had many use or many many sheep? He had many sheep but his neighbor only had one little ulam. He loved the little ulam. The ulam even slept in the house with him. He He He only had one, but he loved it. Indignation. David says, "The man shall die and he shall repay. This shall be done." The judgment was pronounced. And when when the prophet looked at him and said, "David, you're the man. Immediately David ripped off his clothes and said, "My Lord, I have sinned against [Music] God." What did God do? God says, "You shall not die, but you will pay for your sin. in his approach into this grace. Are you hearing me? Another time when when when when he had had had numbered Israel instead of the doing it the and went against the the the decree of God and judgment struck and they come up and and and and the prophet comes up to him again and he says, "You're going to have a choice. either either. Amen. You're you're you're you're going to pay the penalty. Amen. And he and he says you're Amen. You you're you know you're you're going to be subject to this king or you could have this or or you could have Amen. or you could have this. And David says, "I don't know how to answer. Just let me fall into the hands of the Almighty God. Let him deal with me. Men will not be merciful." But he says, "But God will be merciful unto me." Are you hearing me? It was grace. It was grace. He knew what that grace was. Oh church of the living God, I know what grace is. I know what it is to fail. I know what it is to falter. I know what it is to beg for mercy. But I also know what it is to find grace. to find that unlimited supply of God's divine favor in my life. Says, "All right, all right." And a plague started and tens of thousands are dying. He's coming before God. He tells the prophet, "Don't let these people die for my sin." What can I do? What can I do to appease God? You see, his heart was in humility. His heart was in it was brokenness. And God, the prophet told him, he says, "Go amen. uh to to to the to to the uh uh uh hallelujah the threshing floor of of of Uranus I think is what his name was. Amen. He says go and buy the place and offer a sacrifice unto God. Amen. Or he says just go up there to to offer sacrifice. David G takes up his lambs. Amen. He's in a hurry. People are dying. They're dying by the thousands and he's running up there to that place. Amen. And he says, he gets to Uranus and he says, "Amen. Let me buy this place to offer." And the man said, "Oh no." Amen. I'll give it to my king. You don't have to buy it. He says, "I will not offer anything unto my God." Amen. That I have not purchased. I will give God my all. Can you say amen? He says, "If I don't give it, if I don't give everything I've got," Amen. What did he do? He bought the place and there he offered the sacrifice and God accepted that sacrifice and the plan was stayed. God says I will never forget David. I will never take my mercies from David. That's my grace. I've called David without merit. I've called David without ability. I've raised him up. And though he fail, I will not surely leave David. Our approach under grace, our approach, our approach is everything. Are are you hearing me? Oh, we could go through we could go through time after time. Amen. David David God time after time have to go back and and bring and and oh how it was. But when God looks at David, you know what? God says Jesus is going to sit on the throne of David. Jesus is go well praise the name of the Lord. Can you see? Amen. Amen. When you think of Abraham, he brother Brandon says we could Amen. He says he says here's another character where God's grace was extended. Many of them, but we'll just speak of a few. Abraham, Abraham, no special man, come down from the tower of Babel, perhaps come out of an adulter bunch, idolatr bunch, his father, come down to the land of Shinar down there to dwell in the city of U. And while he was there, God spoke to him by grace, not because he was different, not because he was a better man, but by grace, God called him. God clearly makes that known. Oh, Abraham, how Abraham tested God's patience and told him, Abraham, stay in this land and don't you go out of it. But as soon as the famine hit, Abraham ran. Abraham spoke of us. God took Abram by grace and saved him. And that's how he takes you is by grace. How how do you Oh, how you do test his patience. He We test his patience. Today we're up and tomorrow we're down. One day we believe, the next day we're wandering. Today we're a Methodist. Tomorrow we're a Baptist. Today we we believe in divine healing. Tomorrow the tummy ache comes. And we don't know whether we believe it or not. Amen. Yet in the midst of it all, God wants to wants us to stay put. But he saves us anyhow. If if it wasn't the grace of God, we'd all be gone. Sure, God gives us gives us by his saves us by his grace. Abraham was supposed to stay in that land. He went down in the Chaldanss, not not to the Philistines and went went down there to sojourn to get out of the famine and things uh was a little hard up in his country. So he went down there to sojourn down there with them. Done exactly what God told him not to do. But yet the grace appeared to him and kept Pharaoh the king from taking his wife. It was the grace of God when Abraham said as my sister and lied about it. But yet the grace of God held him because he repented. He was willing to repent. And anybody that is willing to repent, the grace of God still goes for you. The grace of God is searching for you. Amen. That goes for you backsliders this morning. The grace of God is still looking for you. If you'll just repent, God's grace is sufficient. How he he how he took good old Abraham and brought him back. Remember, Abraham was not saved by his works. He was saved by grace. Abraham was saved by faith. Amen. which is grace. And God saved Abraham because of his grace, not because of his behavior. He saved him because of his grace. Oh, how good. He was saved by grace. Well, we could go through Well, we could go through Old Testament, New Testament, how we could go through our life or approach, help my approach. How am I to approach this grace? Am I to become a stuff shirt and get satisfied with what I am after I've served the Lord for five years? Oh, I wouldn't that way. I wouldn't I I I I was I was willing to do anything when I first came to the Lord. But today, got my own way. Bastardborn sons have no resolve for their father. But a son of the kingdom has one desire and that is the father's will. It is the bastardborn sons that'll go to works. I do this and this and this and this. I've got this on my resume. I've got that on my resume. But it is sons who wants the heart of God to be their everything. It's the sons that are bleeding, bleeding to please the will of God. It's the sons of God who do nothing except the father. And when they fail, it's a heart of humility. And Lord, never take your grace from Let your grace help me. Oh, but I but I'm the song leader. Has nothing to do with you and God. I'm the musician. Can't put that on your me resume. I'm the pastor. equals a big zero. God says, the apostle Paul says, after you have done done the will of God, then consider yourselves as unworth. After you've done it, consider yourself a big zero. for it is grace. I don't want God to start putting measurements on me. I don't want I don't want to come up to God and say I can sing and I can preach and I can do this and I there [Music] ain't I'm still I I'm still in the subzero. I'm still in the negatives. I have nothing I could offer. Are are y'all understanding what I'm saying? But access to this grace comes by faith. And brother Bradam says that faith is a fear. It's a reverence. It's a it's a it's an honor. I have stepped into a realm with God. I'm in this realm. God's invited me into it. Oh, how I love it. Can you say amen? Now, as I get ready to close this incredible, vast, as brother Brandon would say, arcade that you've been invited into. He says it's like he called it an arcade. I don't know if you'd call it an arcade today. Um, but it's it's a great he called it a great arcade. It may still be called that. I just I'm I'm just living pony. Amen. But where where you've been given this access, you've been the doors been opened up and you've been given this access into this arcade and everything I think of arcades as games, but everything of God's blessings is in it. Everything that God owns is in that supply house. He says, "For you to walk in through the door and say, "Oh, I don't know. I don't know if I belong here. I don't know. I don't know if I should ask for healing." Brother Brandham says, "If you've been given access into it," he says, "I would get a ladder. I would start climbing. I would see what all is on those shelves because whatever he has is mine because I've been given access." Well, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. After your ups, downs, ins outs, if the grace of God's been extended to you, it's the same thing. It's the same thing as the golden sector. Everything God's owns is in this storehouse. And he says it's yours. Healing is yours. Miracles are yours. Salvation is yours. Victory is yours. God's even got wives out there for you single ones. Got boy or got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h out there. He's got he's got all of that all taken care of. God's got everything in his will. Well, pray. I don't want to do Amen, Austin. Amen. I don't want to I I don't I don't want to just go I don't want to just go uh uh just just part way. I don't want to just to accept except just a a little bit. I I just want to have confidence. I know my daddy I was raised poor and I know my daddy was in the ministry and he chose he chose the ministry. My dad was talented. He could he could lay rock. He could My dad's a carpenter. He could do anything. But he chose to work there at the church on a free will offering basis. He chose. Amen. We lived without electricity. A lot of times we lived without we we did. We we live we we live pretty poor. That's the way he chose. He taught us boys to give it all to God. And I don't regret it. I don't regret any of I don't regret any of my raising. Not at all. It was a great heritage that God gave me through my mom and dad. But my mama and daddy being poor in the natural and because of that despised by some in the church and just sort of you know you have that everywhere and though they had that that you know just just fighting the critical spirit from different ones. Hey, we worked in the church. We labored. You know, they could say what they want to about dad and dad's family. Well, anyone else could have jumped in and worked too if they wanted to. When given the opportunity, they wouldn't. So, it all came back upon us. So, the you know, I dad and mom, they they had their hands in everything. Dad, dad was principal, associate pastor, he was the he was he was he was the head of the music. He was the uh mom was school teacher. I mean he we I mean what dad done the counseling you know but what I found in my raising is dad didn't allow that complex or to build a comp being poor did he he did not allow being poor to to build a complex around him being poor, he just felt that was the will of the Lord for him to do and whatever. But being poor and despised by a few did not hamper his relationship with the Lord. Our family saw miracle after miracle. We We would get into prayer. Mom and dad when they prayed, they they didn't pray this little lay me down to sleep prayers like we prayed with our children. Hallelujah. We'd Amen. We'd about fall we'd about fall asleep on the side of the bed. Well, we did fall asleep on the side of bed many of times waiting on mom and dad to get out of our room so we could go to sleep. Amen. And uh uh but we we we'd be there. They'd be a praying and and you know our car was open. Then dad rises up. Dad just praying and then all of a sudden he says, "There'll come a time where I'll never have to buy another car." That woke us up. We're Wow. Did you know that every car that dad's got all the way up till to the day has been bought, has been paid for, 40 years. They might not be fancy, but they brought my mus out now, but they were cars. Are y'all catching what I'm trying to say? This earthly rim does not hinder. Where you live does not hinder merit of God's grace to you. So, we access it through faith. We believe through faith. Can you say amen? How many wants to say, "Lord, I'm just going to I'm just going to get my faith out. I'm going to open that door. I'm going to go into those heavenly realms, and I'm going to take everything that you have promised. If the musicians would come, I've experienced grace. I've experienced it. Well, glory to God. You say, "I I need it." Well, this morning, if if the Lord has has given you a stimulation in your heart called faith, then you can take that substance, you can take that buying power. Brother Brandon talked about the bread. Amen. He says if you need bread and then someone comes up, now back then it was he says gives you 25 cents, but today it would be $2.50 or whatever. Amen. gives you gives you $3 and says, "Here, go buy you some bread." You don't have the bread, but you have the buying power. So, you don't have to ask, "I I I don't know if I can get bread." You know, you're going to get the bread because you've got the buying power. Get your $3 bill out. Amen. And take off to God's storehouse. You've got the buying power. Can you say amen? Talking about that, Brother Brandham would say, "When faith takes its hold in a heart, there's nothing can shake it. The work is finished. God has settled it. It's forever done. I go down the street. I cross over the river. I go through the brier patch. I get hungrier all the time. I haven't got the bread yet, but all the time I'm going, I'm rejoicing because I got the purchase power and the assurance that the bread belongs to me. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord or bless his holy name. Before I get there, I may have cramps. I'm so hungry. I may get delirious till I'm fighting my way through the bushes like a madman. But as long as I'm holding that 25 cents, the bread has got to come. There you are. As long as you your that faith is anchored, doctors may turn me down all everything. But I'll be there. I'll be healed. God said so. I'll let him into the door of my heart. My faith was given to him. He gave me the promise and nothing will interfere with it. It's there. It's faith. Can I hear a hallelujah? Oh, come on. Hallelujah. Somebody shout yes. Somebody shout, "It's mine. Healing is mine. Deliverance is mine. My children are mine. Salvation is mine. Victory is mine. A sound mind is mine. Glory to the lamb of God. Glory to the lamb of God. Hallelujah. Well, I don't know if you feel good, but I feel good. I think I might have just passed through that door this morning. Access into that grace. Access into all things possible. Father, we thank you. Thank you for never failing. Thank you for causing every promise to be ours through the access of faith. Who am I? Who am I to be given this grace? Who am I? Who am I? Lord, you're great love in your favor, your unmmerited favor, your divine favor. I say thank you. I thank you. I thank you. When I look across this [Music] congregation, how you've good you've been. You've reached way down. [Music] You've picked us up, Lord, in our lowliest state. Thank you. We see it. We see it with faith. We We see what you've done for us. And it causes our heart to be so humble. Thank you for what you've done for those around us. The brother, the sister sitting on the opposite pew, the one next to us, right side, left side. Thank you. Thank you for making us a citizen. Thank you. Our hearts are humbled this morning. We need excess, Lord. Some of us need an excess in your grace for a job. Some of us need access for healing in our minds. Maybe there's someone that needs access. The healing of a wounded spirit, bruised spirit. May maybe there's someone who's just needing access for the baptism of the Holy [Music] Ghost. We're coming Lord with a approach of faith, love to you. We're coming with a heart of thanksgiving and worship. We love you, Lord, with all of our heart. Those that are sick, Lord, see sister Angie, Father, access, Lord, cause cause that faith to open the door. for miracles in her life and body. Steve Martin, Lord, our buddy, Lord, request him for prayer. Give him access this morning. Extend your golden sector up to him. Let him find your grace to be sufficient and plentiful. Brother Mitch, Lord, you see where he's at. Ask that your grace would be there in Alaska. Let it be planted. All of the needs that are here this morning, we're coming in, Lord, through that access. We see ourselves there. We believe it. We're not looking at our merits. We don't want to even give us what we're worth. If you gave us what we were worth, it'd be instant death and hell. We're not asking for our worth. We're asking for your grace. And your grace is bountiful, plentiful, endless, eternal. Lord, you see every need that is here this morning. We're not coming as beggars. We're coming as recipients of grace. You chose us. And we're coming with a heart of humility. And we're putting taking off the old garments of heaviness and unbelief and bitterness, the old garments of malice and sin. We're putting on those [Music] royal. We're going to put on the spirit of praise. Thanksgiving as we enter in to your courts. We love you in the name of Jesus. I thank you for Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. Oh, saints of the living God. He's here. I feel that rim. As brother Brandham would say, heaven is just a few feet away. I can feel it. He's near you this morning. Oh, access it. Oh, remove all the binders. Remove all of the limitations. Let your faith soar in the heavens. Thank you for it, Lord. Thank you for it, Father. We bless your name. We bless your name. Oh, thank you [Music] for We're just coming. We're coming with a heart. [Music] softness, humility, [Music] up our church this morning. [Music] every individual thought right now Lord as we open the doorl [Music] [Music] Oh, well you [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you, [Music] Jesus. Their hearts are open. They're open. We don't want to format, Lord. We we we're not using past experience, past words, past. We need you now. Right now in our situation right now in my heart right now and I want to praise you and I want to love you. I don't want it to be put on. I want it to be real. Your prophet told us the dryeyed confessions have got to have got to turn into real heart. Oh Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus. Let your grace come. Forgive. Forgive me of my wrongs. Forgive all my sins. Forgive. Here I am. I love you. I love you, Jesus. I love you, Lord. Oh, glory God. Oh Jesus. [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Lord. I really need you, Jesus. Jesus, Lord. [Music] All things possible. All things possible. You got it. Reliable. Hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Thank you. Praise. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you for this access. Thank you for this [Music] access. Thank you. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Oh, thank you, Jesus. I know I'm in your presence, Lord. [Music] I come with a heart of humility and thanks to you Jesus. Oh, thank you. Thank you. You are Oh, you are You are worthy. You are worth. You are. You're worthy, Lord. [Music] Blessed Jesus. [Music] You [Music] are you are thank you Jesus again. Oh thank you Jesus. Thank you for my answer. Thank you for this access. Thank you for this grace. Thank you for your convicting power in my life. [Music] Youus thank you. Oh yes. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Oh, think all things are possible now. Just reach out to him. Yield yourself to him now. Hallelujah. Oh, the access of all things possible. [Music] Oh, you don't have eyes to heal. In this grace, God will just give you new eyes. In this grace, brother Brandham says that limbs will be spoken into existence. This is the grace that we have access to. [Music] It's wonderful grace a job God can create one. Oh, God can do the unlimited. It's just all contingent to that door. You want to open that door. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He can put you on the straight and narrow. He can take every desire of sin, every habit away. He can make you wide as snow. His grace is unlimited. It's bountiful. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, bless the [Music] name. Thank you, [Music] Lord. Oh, you are worthy. [Music] Oh, you worth you are [Music] worthy. You are worthy. You are worthy. [Music] Hallelujah. It's his grace. You've been invited into and it's [Music] unlimited. Grace, grace to this capstone. Grace. I love [Music] you. I love you. I love [Music] you. I love you, Jesus. [Music] I love you. Oh [Music] Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, I love you Jesus. Yes. I love you, [Music] Jesus. I love [Music] you. I'm going to rise above Rise above it all. Want to spread my wings fly. Oh. Hallelujah. I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above it all. Going to rise. Going to rise. Rise [Music] above. Going to spread my wings and fly. Going to rise above. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Rise. Jesus Christ. Going to rise. Rise [Music] above. Going to spread my wings and fly away. Oh Jesus. Oh, one more time. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Hallelujah. Opening the door of faith. I'm going to rise. Driving into your presence. Going to spread my wings. Oh. Oh, I'm going to rise. Going to rise. [Music] [Music] Oh, I'm going to spread my wings. Oh, yeah. Hallelujah. Glory. What an excess. What a grace. What an unlimited God. What an unlimited God. Oh God. You may limit him in your life, but he's unlimited. Your neighbor may be limiting in his life, but that don't mean you got to limit it in your life. Church down the road, they they they don't even know what we're talking about, but I've been given access. Faith has been restored in this day. [Music] Oh, glory, glory to heaven. Oh, I'm going to rise. [Music] Yeah. Jesus, [Music] rise. Rise. Rise above. I'm going to spread my wings. Going to rise. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Rise. Going to [Music] rise. Nothing to hinder me now. I've opened the door. Going to spread my wings and fly away. It [Music] all I'm one of them. I'm one of them. [Music] Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. One of [Music] them. I'm one of [Music] them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Well, there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say. Oh, hallelu. I'm one of them. Yes. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Although these people may not learn and be or boast of worldly faith, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus name and are telling now both far and wide. His power is still the same. I'm so glad. Yes, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one. Oh, hallelujah. One of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Well, they were gathered in the upper room, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. When powerful service [Music] came with them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad. rec glor. Won't you step out in your aisle, shake one another's hands, let them know that I'm glad to be associated with you. [Music] Hallelujah. Well, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad I can say no. I'm one of them. Love you. Press the [Music] battle. Amen. One of them. Hallelujah. Oh, one of them. One of them. Well, I'm so glad. God bless you. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord this morning. One of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad. [Music]
