################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - 2025-08-31 Bro Miguel Gonzalez The Believers Identification - Miguel Gonzalez.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-31
Title:   2025-08-31 Bro Miguel Gonzalez "The Believers Identification"
Speaker: Miguel Gonzalez
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m70wTNZOKtI
========================================

[Music] And thank you for piercing. You wash me in your cleaning flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace the worthy is the lamb who seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. [Music] You're high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God. The maker of heaven was crucified. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the [Music] Thank you for the price you paid. All my sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for the love Lord and thank you for the nail [Music] hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace. Oh worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. Oh, we crown you now with many ground. You laid victorious. Low, high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God. The maker of heaven was crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Before [Music] I spoke a word, you were singing it over me. [Music] You have been so so good to me [Music] before I took a breath. You breathe your life in me. You have been so so kind to me. Oh, the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Oh, it chases me down, fights till I'm found, leaves the night. I could earn it. I don't deserve it. Till you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. When I was your foe, still your love fought for me. You have been so so good to me. Has he been good to you? Yes, he has. When I felt no worth, you paid it all for me. [Music] Thank you, Lord. You have been so so good to me. Oh, the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Oh, it chases me down, fights till I'm found, leaves the night. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Till you give yourself away of the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Can we try that next part? There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. lie you won't tear down. Oh my. There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. [Music] There's no wall you won't kick down. Thank you, Lord. Sing that again now. There's no shadow. There's no shadow. You won't light up mountain. you won't climb up. Coming after me. No war you won't keep down. Lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. Oh the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Oh it chases me down. fight till I'm found. Leaves the night denied. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. I'm so glad for his love here tonight. Amen. Like to go to prayer if we may. And I'm going to ask brother Steve Cochran if you mind coming and leading us in prayer. We do have some written needs from sister Carol. Says Amaya is sick with fever. So just remember her. Then Brian and Cynthia that the Lord will strengthen their marital marital bonds. And then um this sister Nupa, is that correct? So remember Sister Nupa and then Alice's children. And also I hear that Grandma is going to be having eye surgery Wednesday morning. So let's remember grandma that the Lord will be with her. Remember grandpa as well. You know, grandma's the one that always take is taking care of grandpa. Let's just pray the Lord strength strengthens them both and and heals them. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you. Now, let's pray. Lord, we come to you tonight, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We want you to know that we love you, Lord. We've come to worship you, Lord. The great one, Lord, that you gave yourself for us, Lord. just a piece of dirt, Lord, that you picked up out of the ground, Lord, and made us into your image. You wanted somebody to love you and to worship you. And that's why we're here tonight, Lord. You've heard each prayer request, Lord. You know each need before it's spoken. Lord, I ask you to just move down upon that need tonight, Lord. Might there be a praise come out of it, Lord, to glorify your name. Ask your blessings on this service, Lord. walk the aisles. Speak to our hearts. Quicken us Lord that we can give you the praise. Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; See your cloud like a man. Oh, I see a cloud like a man. him. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's head. And I know it's going to rain. Sing that again now. Well, now I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, and I know it's going to rain. Verse one now. Oh, at a time when it was dry, not a cloud in the sky, the children of God begin to reason why. So they went to God's men cuz they didn't understand. Go Lord, it's written in the sky. Well, now I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, and I know it's going to rain. So they opened up the door. The seventh time they looked once more. A tiny cloud was rising from the sea. Then they begin to understand that a heavy rain was at hand, just like God said it would be. Oh, and I see a cloud like a man's head. And I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's head and I know it's going to rain. I love this. So today we have no fear. We know a cloud did appear. The prophet scream, "My bride, go through that door." Oh, just have faith and just believe. God's spirit you'll receive. The rain is going to pour. Do you believe it tonight? Well, now I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, I see your cloud like a man's head. Oh, and I know it's going to rain. Now the bride is looking above for a chariot rain of love to heal their hearts with peace they've never known. And soon this bride shall be God's unfolded mystery. The promised word has already been so. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, and I see a clap like a man's head. Oh, and I know it's going to rain. Can we sing it again now? Well, now I see a cloud. Thank you, Lord. Oh, yes. Oh, and I see your cloud like a man's hand. [Applause] And I know it's going to rain. Are you expecting that tonight? &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Pour your spirit out. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Can we go to G and sing? Every promise in the book is mine. &gt;&gt; Every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse and every line. Oh, I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise. Why don't you turn around and greet somebody tonight? Will. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. [Applause] [Music] Trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the book. For Jesus said it. For Jesus said it, I believe it. For it is written in the Bible, I'll believe it till I die. Though the mountains be removed and cast into the sea, God's word will live forever throughout eternity. For Jesus said it, we believe it. His word cannot lie. It's written in the Bible. I believe it's heal and die. The mountains be removed and cast into the sea. God's word will live forever throughout eternity. Oh, every promise in the book, it is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusted in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the book. Sing that again. Every promise, oh, every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusted in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the book. For Jesus said it, for Jesus said it, I believe it. His word cannot lie. It's written in the Bible. I believe it's till I die. The mountain be removed. [Music] Sing it again now. [Music] in spirit. Sing it now with sister Cassidy. He comes to the sea. God's word will live forever throughout etern. Jesus said it. I believe it. Word cannot lie. It is written in the Bible. I'll believe it till I die. Go the mountains be removed and cast into the sea. God's word will live forever throughout eternity. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Sister Keys, can you put the words to I know the master of the wind. Amen. God bless you now. [Music] My boat of love on the troubled sea wind [Music] my boat of fly sails on the troubled sea &gt;&gt; whenever there's a wind in myself. But I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns again. I know the master of the wind [Music] and I know the maker of the rain. He can calm a storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. [Music] Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky among the peaks. My soul can be found. [Music] But an unexpected storm may drive me from the house. Bring me low but never bring me down. And I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm, make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. Among the peaks my soul can't be found. But an unexpected storm may drive me from the house. Bring me low and never bring me down. Cuz I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He can calm a storm and make the sun shine again. [Music] I know the master of the wind. I know the master of the wind [Music] and I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. [Music] Amen. So glad that we know who the master of the wind is. Amen. Dad, do you have a song tonight? Can we go to G? This world may press me down. and change my glad to sad. [Music] God didn't say my life would be easy always. [Music] [Applause] So when you knock me down, I am never going to wear a frown. Yes, Lord. I'll keep my head in the master's hands. Cuz one day it will all come to wedding. Oh, I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Oh, rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings to fly away to heaven. I'm going to rise above it all. This world is so full of evil. Yes, it is. And the enemy is all around. [Music] Satan has tried so very very hard. He's tried to hold he's tried to hold me down. I love this. But I've got something within me. Yes, I do. That will help me make it through the rain. [Music] And when it gets rough, and when it gets tough, oh, I don't have to worry at all. Why? Oh, I'm going to rise. Yes, I am. Oh, rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Oh, rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings, fly away to heaven. Going to rise above it all. Amen. God bless you now. Hallelujah. Amen. So glad we can rise above it all. Praise the Lord. Um I think it's in um [Music] trouble seems this my this still learning this song but I think it's in D. Trouble seems to like your style and you're feeling all alone. At your last resort, you had to had to leave for a while. Leave your name at the sound of the tone. It seems the world up and moved away. All that stayed was fear and doubt. They came looking for trouble and decided to stay. Now you're looking for a way check out. Take it to Jesus. Go that faster. He knows he feels he cares. No one does it better when your life's in need of repair. Take it to Jesus. What a comfort to know your friend is always there. Old memories in the middle of the night. Chase the sleep out of your eyes. The room is darkened as you fiddle with the light. You break down and start to cry. Some bitter, painful past mistake has been haunting you again and conjuring up the image of the fool that it takes to think that you could ever win. Take it to Jesus. He knows. He feels he cares. No one does it better when your life's in need of repair. Take it to Jesus. [Music] What a comfort to know your friend is always there. Take it to Jesus. [Music] [Applause] What a comfort to know your friend is always there. Oh Jesus is your friend. He's always there. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Do you enjoy that tonight? Amen. Can we stand to our feet and invite the man of God? Can we go to F? Oh, I left a baron land, searching for rest, something round and amia, bitterness and distress. often the kinsman redeemer who's called the mighty one. He took this old moabi from the field and brought me to his house. He said, "Fear not, my child, for you are part of me and I'll not rest. You are at my side. I will do all that you ask of me. You're a jewel in my eyes. Virtuous woman, you are my bride. Can we do that second verse? I responded to your call and you have covered me. Lord, with eyes of faith I see all the mysteries being revealed. And now I see who I am. I lay claim to all that's mine. I'm the lamb's wife. I was bought with a price. Peace and fear. [Music] Father, you are my [Music] virtuous woman. You are my God. Let's do that again. All my cares on me. [Applause] I know you love me. I know you love me. Redemption love the greatest love for me. [Music] for restoration. For redemption, that's what seven angels in a cloud. They testify my redeemer no longer dead. He rises and he's coming back for you and me. Amen. Are you grateful for that here this evening? &gt;&gt; Amen. That the Lord is coming back for you and me. Amen. We all want to be ready for that day. And we know that that time's approaching quickly and we know that the stage is being set up. Amen. For that. We just want to be ready, prepared for the Lord when he comes. And uh with you guys musicians uh want to thank the musicians for doing their part here this morning or this evening and and um you know uh you know we'd like to just go ahead and move off into our scriptures and and um we'd like to start here in John the 10th 10th chapter going to the start here 31st 31st verse and again it's just uh pleasure to be here here this evening and appreciate the uh invite to speak in front of you and and if we would we like to go ahead and start in our scripture there if you're there just say amen. John 10th chapter the 31st verse and the scripture reads like this. Then then the Jews took up stones again to stone him. Jesus Jesus answered them many good works have I shown you from my father. For which of the for which of those works do you ston me? Then Jesus answered him, saying, "Are then or the Jews answered him, saying, for a good work we stone thee not, but for blasphemy." &gt;&gt; And because that thou being a man makest thyself God. &gt;&gt; Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I say, Ye are gods? If he called them gods unto whom the word of God came the and or the scriptures cannot be broken. Say ye of him whom the father hath sanctified and sent unto the world. Thou blasphemeth because I say I am a son of God. And if I do not the works of my father, believe me not. But if I do, if I do, though ye believe me not, believe the works that ye may know and believe that the Father is in me and I am in him. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we just love you, Lord. We want to thank you, Lord, for Lord, everything that you do for us. And we would just ask that you would just be with us in service, Lord. I would just pray the father that you would just take away any nervousness lord or lord anything that's from us that we could just speak your l speak your word lord and we would just ask father that you would just give us the word to speak lord to be able to help your people. We thank you for these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You could be seated here this evening. And uh you know I was kind of thinking uh thinking about a few of these things kind of just combing through a little bit of um you know a little bit of the scriptures and some things I've been listening to and you know and um you know like I said just combing through these things I' uh I come up with a maybe a little something hopefully it's a benefit to you but it would be the uh believer's identification you know and um you know just thinking about the service this morning. How many of you all enjoyed the service this morning? Amen. Just uh fantastic service and believe we're right there in the vein and uh things are being said the way they're supposed to be said and and we're seeing the benefits of it. And so, uh, just wonderful service this morning. And, um, still kind of just recovering from the food. And, you know, I knew I had to speak tonight. And, you know, a lot of the ministers, you know, when they get out and they're like, man, you know, I can't eat. I'm nervous. I'm like, man, I I can't preach unless I eat. You know, I'm kind of the opposite. You know, I'm just like, I got to try to sneak in here and get as many plates of food as I can, you know, before I got to get out of here, you know. So, I sure appreciate all the sisters, you know, what they do after the service. You know, there's a there's a great ministry in feeding God's people. I promise you. And there is going to be a great reward. There's going to be a great reward for that, you know, and and um that uh you know, they just they do a lot. And you know, a lot of times, you know, I I do hear a lot of a lot of good things about the sermons that are preached, so we can't ask those out. But, you know, a lot of times I hear, you know, mainly from the brothers, but they're just like, man, you know, that's just wonderful food, you know, I'm just, you know, and so, but just uh just wonderful. And, you know, and as as I was kind as I was thinking about some of these things and I was kind of thinking about the topic of identity, you know, uh we kind of live in an age uh now where everything takes identity. everything that we do, everything that we, you know, you can't log onto your phone, you know, without facial recognition, you know, you can't really um you can't, you know, get into your email without there being some type of a password, you know, there's things that are also locked, you know, electronics that are locked, you know, by fingerprint, you know, and things like that. And all these things are are to do is to be able to try to identify who you are. So before that you go to records or before you start going in and moving into different things, you know, the the the computer or the piece of equipment or whatever that you're working on or operating in or whatever it is, they're just trying to make sure that it's the the rightful owner, it's the rightful user. So they use identification to be able to try to bridge that gap, you know. And um you know I don't know why I'm thinking about this now but I was you know I was kind of thinking about I believe it was one of Kobe's kids and you know and it just shows how smart this age is you know and and was one of Kobe's kids and and u I had heard that the they had locked their phone you know and kept they had the password locked on it so they'd figure out their password so they stopped from the password and they went to the they went to the fingerprint or they went to the facial recognition and and um you know they couldn't get into her phone So they get her phone and they would scan it across their face, you know, so they would try to get the facial recognition thing going, you know, and just how smart, you know, uh how smart the kids are nowadays, you know, and but those are the kinds of things, you know, that you're looking for and and u you know, just thinking about it, you know, everything's requiring identification, you know, because everybody wants to know who you are and what your intentions are, you know, in life. And you know and you know coming into this world when we first walked when we first came into this world you know uh we weren't born of a good nature you know our nature you know the scripture goes in it talks about our nature in some of these scriptures you know um if we go back and we can kind of look there in Psalms 51 is it says behold I was shapen in iniquity and in sinned and my mother conceived me &gt;&gt; you know and and thinking about this you know uh you know everybody's trying to identify with something especially In the world today, everybody's trying to, you know, like when you identify with a lot of people identify with a lot of different things, whether you're part of a book club, you know, there's there's there's characteristics inside of an individual that ties you to the book club, you know, or you might be part of a a football or a soccer club or something like that, you know, and there's a lot of things that might identify you back and forth with, you know, to be able like, oh, that guy's a soccer player, or oh yeah, that guy's a football player, you know, or or something like that or you might be part of, you know, you you you drive down the road and if anybody's been down the highways or anything like that, you know, you can identify, you know, those guys that are in biker, you know, that are into biking, you know, they they drive by and they got the loud motorcycles, you know, and they they got the patches and the leather jackets and and you know, all these different things and they're identifying that that that we're part of this club or we're part of this group or, you know, and a lot of times, you know, identification can be done simply by uh physical characteristics. You know, there's a lot of family traits and there's family uh resemblances that that go on even in our, you know, even right here where we at right now. You know, there's several families that you can identify by the characteristics, you know, that's there. who's with what family or or certain traits that begin to pass through. And a lot of those things you can kind of you can kind of pick and choose and you can pull things out, you know, and be like these people are identified with this or identify with that, you know, and and the world is all about identification and trying to place you or where you are and where you go, you know, but but you know, the world that we live in today, you know, we we realize, you know, coming into this coming into the world that we've we've all we've all face an identity crisis because we're all still looking and we're searching when we come into this world prior to Christ or searching for something that we can relate to that we can identify with something that we can be like oh you know this is something that I'm into or this is something that you know I would like to become or something like that you know and a lot of different people you know they identify with uh you know with their job they'll identify you know u you know being an electrician or they identify with being a plumber you know so they'll surround themselves with people with the same types of passions or they surround surround themselves with the people with the same types of ideas that help support their idea and you know and and a lot of times or or or there might be people that are like you know I'm going to identify you know I'd like to identify myself as you know a doctor you know I'd like to identify myself as a lawyer you know or or you know there's just certain things that people are they're reaching out to be able to try to find purpose or to be able to find some type of identification that that they can go into life and be be confident in who and what they are, you know, and we live in a society like that. We live in a society that there's a lot of young people who are trying to figure out who they are and and and they're trying to figure out, well, you know, uh is this what it takes to become a man or is this what it takes to become a woman, you know, and they're trying to identify. So, they're looking at peers or they're looking at people, you know, that that they're that they deem as as fit, you know, like a lot of those people are called cool people. You know, a lot of those people, you know, they're like, "Oh, this guy's cool. this girl's cool, you know, you know, these are the people that we're going to try to identify with, you know, but the but a lot of things that we find here on earth and and you know, young people and and a lot of the elders understand this that there's a lot of things that here on earth that won't last. And so, we're always as a as somebody that's older, we're looking at something that's going to be able, you know, not going to be just here today and gone tomorrow, you know, and you don't want to identify with something that doesn't have much of a foundation. You don't you know I wouldn't I wouldn't uh you know uh the world that we live in they try to identify themselves with stars or celebrities or they tried to or they try to become something that's just you know either it's Michael Jordan here or it's Kobe Bryant there you know or it's you know Joe Montana here you know or or or Jerry Rice here or it's this singer you know or it's this actor or it might be just something you know something like in a clothes like something that they whether it's glasses that they wear. It's the suits that they wear, the shoots, the shoes that they wear. And the next thing you know, you find all of society, all of society, you know, everybody is doing this, you know, because they're trying to identify with something that they think is cool as something that is something that that's just like up to up to the times and how everybody thinks or deems. But anybody that's been around or has seen anything or has experienced a time of of any great length or anything realize that a lot of these things are coming and going, you know, like there's not many people with afro now. You know, there's not not a whole lot of people going around sporting a fro with a comb, you know, a comb inside of the thing, you know. It's just something that, you know, you know, I I thought about if I could grow a fro, man, I would really like to grow a fro, you know, but that's just that's just not my time. It's just not not not what I'm supposed to be doing, you know. And but thinking about this, you know, the time is this world is fickle. You know, time is fickle. You know, that things just are coming and going. And you know, there's a lot of things that are that's going on in the world that, you know, it causes things to change. And, you know, we don't really want to be identified with something that doesn't have purpose in life. We don't want to be identified with something that that doesn't have a value or we don't want to be identified with something that doesn't have a doesn't have a sure footing or a foundation. You know, uh you could go back and you can look at a lot of these stars. You can look at uh, you know, whether they're whether they're sports stars or celebrities and you can see, you know, the the the tosses and or the turns and the different ways that they go and the routes that they take and and and and we don't necessarily we don't desire to be or we shouldn't have the desire to be become something like that because because anything that has to deal with man will fail, you know. I mean I mean we've got we got the story of the Titanic, you know, about how that we had thought that we built one of the greatest ships that there was and then and now it sits in the bottom of the ocean, you know, today, you know, I mean there's there's there's many great feats and there's different things that man has challenged, you know, has and has tried to become, but yet it'll never match the shity of God. And you know, a lot of the things that a lot of the stars and a lot of these a lot of these entertainers and a lot of the even the most successful people that may may have not reached that status can all look back and and they can all and they can all look back at religion first of all is because they look at religion. Religion has surrounded has surrounded Christ in such a way that you know it presents its image of it and and people want that they have that desire to have that sure footing. There's something that's within them, but yet there's nothing that really is able for them to be able to take that step and to be able to be able to walk into be able to walk on on that sure-footed uh foundation that Christ provides. And you know, and thinking about this, you know, that in this in this walk that we in in in in this walk that we have uh with the Lord, uh in our in our paths of life that we go down, you know, I begin to think about how that there's uh there's identity that we want to be able to take. You know, we come into this world and we realize that there's things about us that that we don't even like ourselves. Not only did did we not like it, but we realized that we need a change in our life. And that there's something that has to be done with it. And you know, there's a lot of programs that try to uh uh uh come in the way of that. And they it they try to help you to become a better person. But yet, but yet still at the end of the day, you realize that down deep inside that something needs to be different, that something needs to be changed. And and you could take a you could take all these people that we had talked about, famous people. You could take even even your peers, your your mom and dad and and and different people and and and realize that that they're they see something that we don't that it's not something that we could just walk into the middle of and and and all of a sudden we've arrived into a place of a total identification. But yet in this walk that we have with Jesus that we realize that we we don't have no ability within ourselves to be able to to you know forgive ourselves. I love how brother Window was talking this morning. He was talking about not being able to pull yourself up by your own bootstraps and not being able to uh come, but there had to be a slay lamb and to be able to come and and and give us the remission for our sins. But yet we need we come to a place where we realize that we don't have the ability that we don't have the equipment to be able to come into the in in the presence of God w uh w without condemnation being in our hearts without sin that had that had taken place you know in order for us to go further with God and that's why when we come to that place and we realize that you know what that all have come short and then all of us have come to a place in our lives where where sin was was abounding But yet there has to be a way that we can that we can take off of our old identity. Now there's a lot of there's an identity. You could call it a social a social standing. You could call it the pride of life. You could call it your your resume. There's a lot of things that there's a lot of things that we can we can look and we can name. You know, our reputation is another one that we could look at and you could say, "Well, you know, I have the reputation of this. You know, I'm a good person in the community. you know, you know, I helped this or I helped that. Or you might be on the exact opposite. And you might be sitting there thinking, well, I don't have a good reputation among the community. You know, I I, you know, I I I've been I've been caught for doing this and you know, I I you know, people know me as that or you know, you know, you you just take your pick and fill in the blank of where it's at, you know, or even in yourself. You know, a lot of people fight struggles within themselves because they they know they know what they should be, but yet they don't have the ability to get there. there. And let me tell you something that the only way that you're going to be able to get there is by the word of God. Amen. And Jesus Christ is the only one that'll be able to help you to to be able to get into that place, you know. And so, man has entered a place where where we need uh we we we need identification change. We need something that would that to be able to come into our lives to be able to change us from what we was to what God's word has for us and what he sees us how he sees us today. And so there's a lot of times that we come we come into this we come into the world and we're realizing that hey you know what I you know there's something that's within me that's crying out that tells me you know what I shouldn't be a liar or you know I shouldn't be I shouldn't steal you know or I shouldn't have thoughts like this or or you know I shouldn't be like this way towards my brother or I shouldn't be this way towards my sister. And you know, the only way that I can describe this is is that the fact that you know, a lot of these things that we identify with that there's that there's a status quo or there's a certain there's a certain regiment of rules or there's certain certifications that you got to have in order to be part of the book club or to be part of, you know, the soccer club or to be able to, you know, to be able to uh be part of the football club or to be able to be part of whatever it is that you're trying to identify with. And Christ has the same style as well. And she that yeah, you know that you must you must uh you must repent, be baptized, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And that's that's the way that God kind of looks at it, you know, and and thinking about this that, you know, we look at life and we realize where we are and we we there's something within us now. A lot of people in life don't have the same desire. You know, there's a there's plenty of seats that are right here in this church and that are not filled people that don't have the same desire, and that's okay. But you have the desire to be right. You have the desire to follow God's word. You have and those this is something that that should be a big old uh barometer to us that God is dealing with your soul or God is dealing with your heart and he's trying to find that avenue to to be able to take full control over your life. And and the thing is is we got to be able to want to be able to die out to our way of thinking and to be able to take on the identification of Christ and be be able to be identify with not only him but his characteristics and the word that he provides and and you know and that is the thing is because when we come into this world and we got our own idea way of thinking every man is right in his own eyes well you know this person did this to me so I'm going to do that to them or you know uh you know but uh I deserve this, so maybe I should be able to do that. Or, you know, a lot of us have our own different ways that we live our life and and and the way that we perceive ourselves, but yet when it comes down to the end of it, without Jesus Christ, nobody's raised from the dead, you know, and nobody's going to be able to take a rapture. And we know that when at the end of the day that when we lay our head down and we go to sleep that uh that we still have something that we need to take care of in our lives. And and that's where Jesus comes in. And that's where his word comes in. And he begins to be able to purge away the different things in our life that are contrary to his word. And and you know what that that when we begin to live our lives, our daytoday lives, you know, this right here that we see coming into this building and singing songs and listening to the preaching, this is only a small percentage of what the the life of Christ actually is. Because the life of Christ isn't just coming up and absorbing religion and walking out and being able to, you know, have a good suit or a good pair of shoes or be able to sing or play instruments, but it's the daytoday life that we live. And it's the day-to-day overcoming that we go through. Doesn't mean that we're going to be doesn't mean that we're going to be perfect in our walk. We should strive to be perfect, but yet but yet there's something that's within us to keep going. And and I look at this uh other scripture here, you know, because Satan, you know, as we begin to change our our our identity, you know, as we begin to come from that person that was, you know, that may have been a drunk or whether we come from that person that might have been a liar or whether we come from that person that might have, you know, just been sitting in church and not absorbing anything but just riding on your your parents' coattails and just being here just because you're told to. But yet there's something that's in that your desire is is to be closer to the L closer to the Lord to be able to experience healing or to be able to experience the power of God. Amen. You must go past your desires. You must go past what you what you think is right and come to the word. Now, now this walk doesn't come easy. You know, now being able, you know, there's a lot of different things. You know, you can identify with a lot of different places and a lot of different things and you might not receive persecution, &gt;&gt; you know, but unless you're in Oklahoma, you know, you're in Oklahoma, you know, there there's the OU fans and then there's the OSU fans, you know, if you're OU fan, you might take a little bit of persecution because you're always on the winning team, you know, and and and and losers don't like winners, you know, and that's just how it is, you know, and and you know, but thinking about this, you know, and I begin to think about how that, you know, when when you say that you want to come to church and you say that you want to change your life and how that you say that, you know, the life that you're living is is just below standard of what God's expectations are for you. You know, this isn't something that's going to come easy. There's not a lot of people that take a whole lot of persecution for being on a football club or a baseball club or a soccer club or being in the book club or being all the but for some reason when you decide to serve the Lord and when you decide to you decide to read God word and make that as your anchor there's a big target that begins to come upon your spiritual foreheads and that's where you know you you begin to become attacked and if you look at a lot of different things that you go through and you become attacked act in your mind whether it's you know financially whether it's by your by your siblings it could be your wife it could be to your husband it could be it could be anybody that you know the devil will use anybody that he can to try to deter you from identifying with Christ now thinking now thinking about you know thinking about that I I I went back and I I looked for a co I looked at a couple scriptures you know we're talking about his name's sake and I I began to kind of type a few of those up and you begin to look there in Luke 20 or 21 12-19 it says but before all these they shall lay their hands on you. Now look how good this is going to be. It says but before all these they shall lay their hands on you and persecute you and and deliver you up to c synagogues and into prisons being brought before kings and rulers for my name's sake. Now &gt;&gt; how many want to how many want to join a club like that? How many want to be identified with something like that that just right off the bat you're going to be persecuted? You're going to be brought before a bunch of people all for my name's sake. &gt;&gt; Then you go down in here and it shall turn to you for a testimony. Settle it therefore in your hearts not to uh meditate before what you shall answer. For I will give you a mouth I will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries shall not be able uh to gang say nor resist. And you shall be bet be bet or you shall be betrayed by both parents and brethren and kinfolks and friends. And some shall say, and some and and some of you shall they cause to be put to death. &gt;&gt; And you shall be hated of all men for my name's sake. Now think about this. Now thinking about this. We're getting past all the roses. We're getting past all the all the all the all the good all the all the good things that are being said. Now we're getting to the to to to the beans and the bullets of the situation. And and it it's for the names sake the one that you claim to want to identify right here right here in this church service that's right here. Amen. This is who I want to identify with. Now, isn't that interesting that there's something Amen. you decide to want to clean your life up or you decide to be able to like you know that you know I want to do something different for the Lord or I or just different for myself and I want to I want to be able to be able to walk those streets of gold and I want to be able to come to the Lord and serve him. But Jesus says that when you come to and when you come to me for my name's sake, you're going to suffer this persecution. There's sometimes identifying with something comes with its costs. &gt;&gt; That's right. At sometimes in life, there's sometimes there's some things that you're going to go at. You you can't walk into the you can't walk into the kingdom of God like a freeloader. Amen. You can't walk in because there's going to be a lot of things that are in your life that God's going to chisel off. There's going to be a lot of things that he's got to cut off in order for you to see the reflection of his word in your life. And and identifying with Christ, you're saying, "Well, brother Michael, I can't see him. I can't feel him. I I you know I can't touch him. If you stop looking at God carnally minded and you look at him through the fruits of the spirit, God's word has been God's word is his characteristics and that is proof enough for God's identification in this hour that we live in. Amen. To say that he's living and breathing amongst human pe amongst us to get again. Now, thinking about this, he says, and we're going to go on down. And he says, "And there shall not be uh and you shall be hated of all men for my name's sakes, but there shall there shall not a hair of your head perish, and your patience possess ye your souls." Now, going there to Acts 19:13 and 16. Now, this is dealing with this is dealing with Paul. Now, dealing with Paul here. And Ananas says,"Lord, I have heard by many of these or many of this man how much evil he had done to the saints at Jerusalem." And here he hath the authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on his name. But the Lord said unto him, "Go thy way, for he has a for he is a chosen vessel unto me to bear my name before the Gentiles and kings and the children of Israel. For I will show him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake. &gt;&gt; You must suffer. Sometimes identifying with Christ means you suffer. Whether it's at the hands whether it's at the hands of your family, whether it's at the hands of your friends, whether it's whether it's a it might be a co-orker, it might be a boss, it might be something. Amen. someone that you're close to that when you begin to identify with Christ that all of a sudden these things begin to begin to come as opposition to you and your life. Now, the only way to overcome opposition and the only way for us to be able to overcome Satan that's pressing against our life because that's our number one adversary. Amen. That's the one that has hated God's plan since the very beginning. That that he was going to put himself in the flesh that he himself had tripped up at the beginning. Amen. His his desire is to keep you from the will of God. Keep you from identifying yourself in the scriptures. Amen. Making the word to live. He hated it when Jesus was there because everything that the prophets had spoke of in old time was being manifested right there when Jesus was alive. Amen. As we know that in the scriptures where it talked about at the point of his death that hundreds of scriptures were being fulfilled. So again, we have the same problem that we have today for Satan is the fact that he doesn't want this word becoming flesh. He doesn't want amen that he doesn't want the power, the spirit, the the the real anointing coming down, amen, in our services. He don't want it coming down in our community, his desire is to be able to stop the work of God right dead in its tracks. So, in order to be able for in order for us to be able to come and to be able to to step into the plan of God, first there's there's only one way to do it. Yeah. There's only there's only one way to be able to step into the plan of God, and that's to be able to come under the word that he's provided for our day. &gt;&gt; And that's where you begin and that's where you begin to find God. There's a lot of there's a lot of uh if you want to look at it, we're going back to identification. There's a lot of there's a lot of uh uh uh uh uh there's I'm I'm looking for the word. There's a lot of people that try to pretend or try to steal an identity. Now, we live in an we live in an era. We live in a time of life where where identities are being stolen left and right. You know, I you know, not that I like it, but I mean when I when I see some of you guys, you put on the WhatsApp and they're like, "Oh, I've been hacked." You know, you know, we're getting if you're getting uh invitations from me, don't let it happen. It's because somebody has pretended to be who you are and they have and they have tried to get into your personal information. Amen. And Satan has tried to interpret to you who you are. And he's tried to interpret to you, amen, who you are. He says that no, he said there's no way that you're going to be able to overcome, amen, lust in your life because your dad's dealt with it. Your grandpa's dealt with it. And this is something that you're going to have to try to live with. He wants you to be he wants you to to to try and modify yourself to an identity that is non-existent, that God has not planned for you in your life. God has not planned for you to live subpar as a subpar Christian. Amen. In this life that we live in. But what God's idea is is for you to be an overcomer. And God doesn't or Satan's desire is to keep you below your standards. You what you got to remember is that he doesn't want you to succeed. But the only way that you're going to be able to overcome the devil is not by psychology. You're not going to be able to stand back and be able, you know what? if I if I'm just good for so many weeks, you know, I don't do this, I don't do that, I don't do this, I'm going to overcome that that or or you know, oh, I better be good to this brother right here because I really struggle with bitterness, you know, and and and this brother, he really makes me mad all the time, but if I put on a fake smile and I walk over and I shake his hand, you know, that's going to be pleasing to God. or or you know what, you know, I as long as I don't steal or or you know, if I steal or or if I cheat or if I do this or I do that, any way that you might be able to try to fashion, Amen. your form of religion that's acceptable to God, Amen. God says that these things stink and these things are is not is not these not is not acceptable. But the only way that you're going to be able to be sweet and the only way that you're going to be able to come before God in purity and righteousness is by his word. Amen. And the way that you identify Christ is by the word. And so when I'm thinking about these things, what is it that you need to be able to overcome the enemy? to be able to shake off the identification of of who I was and what I have what I what the the reputation that I have created of the past and what is it and the way to be able to to be able to shake that off and to be able to try and and or to be able to move on victoriously with Christ it is to be able to take on the identification of God's word now think about this now there's so much phony that's taking place and we're going to move we'll move back just to that for a But but there's so much phony and there's so much that's taking place here in the world today. Now now we can look at this and and we can realize we can realize okay you know what I'm not the person I desire to be Lord. And I you know what? I see a lot of things that are h that has happened in my life and a lot of things that are going on in my life and and and I see where where my mistakes are, Lord. And I and I and I really would love to overcome these things. And I would love for you, Lord, to be able to come into my life and amen and change my habits and change my ways and amen take away the desires of sin in my life. and and you know I God I I desire to be identified with you and and and I I I don't like I don't like it when they walk down the street and and I have to hang my head low because you know what I'm guilty for these things that I've done. I'm guilty for everything that I done. And you know what? We're all guilty of things that we've not done. Every one of us, it doesn't matter if you're outside the church this this evening or if you're inside the church. There's things that amen that we fall short daily on. Amen. In service to the Lord. Amen. things that would that we now we don't leave those things hang in condemnation but yet we step on it as conviction of Lord help me be more like you let my desires to be more like you and then all of a sudden you know that Satan he comes and he tries to impersonate religion to us and he comes out and he says you know what maybe just raise your hands a little bit or you know or maybe if maybe if you just sing a song or you know or or maybe you could just think of some scriptures or or all of a sudden he he tries to he tries to uh cover you amen with just a form of church and makes you making things okay to where Amen you know as long as I just come to church on Sunday Sunday night or Wednesday you know God's going to say that's okay know that you know you know as long as you know I dress right and I don't cuss and I don't do this and I don't do that you know maybe maybe that that that'll be okay that'll be acceptable that that acceptable unto the Lord but you know what God's not looking for a white shepherd replic God's not looking for God's not looking for something of that like that but he's looking for something that's spiritfilled and it follows the word of God and and I begin to think about how that you know that how there is an example and what I love about the Bible and I would I you know I I echo brother Windle's uh advice when he says to you know read your Bible you really really ought to read your Bible and let God you know some let God be able to kind of bring these things up during the services you know vindicate that's how he vindicates his word, you know, is is with the by is by uh the Bible and he vindicates his word and and you know and begin to think about how that even in the Bible, you know, it talks about how that there was Moab and how that there was Israel and about how that you know but you know I I I was interesting how brother Brandham he goes and he talks about this and and he says that you he talks about he goes now Moab was not no heathen nation by any means. He said by any means. He's like and he he said uh he said that you know that that when it come to when it come to a service and it come to a church you know they had seven altars just like Israel had seven altars you know and he said when it come to the rams you know or having the having the sacrifice they had the sacrifices as well and when it come to a prophet they had a prophet and Israel had a prophet you know and I began to think about this and I was just you know and that's where the world stands a lot today is that you know they look at religion and you know You could sit right here in a message church and you can look out the window and you could say, you know what, well these people uh you know they have they have a youth meetings or they have this and activities and you know they look out and and they say you know what well the over there they have the lights and they have the best of music and and you know out here every Wednesday you know instead of putting the young people you know all together inside the church to be able to listen to the church they have activities that go on out there and and they still speak some scriptures and they sp so what is it that that keeps the two that are separating now. We're talking about identification here. We're talking about Amen. separating yourself, amen, from the identification of who you are and accepting the identification of who he is. Now, thinking about this, I I go back and I look into the into the scriptures here because if you think about Moab and you think about Israel and the two both of them have prophets and Balum uh Balum had prophecies that were that had been that had been fulfilled even in scripture. So, you're sitting there and you're looking at what's the difference of this here. So, I begin to do a little bit of uh combing through and it says here uh in the message God identify him identifying himself by the characteristics. But you see Moses being the correct prophet of God not only had the fundamental parts. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Now the fundamental parts is what he's talking about the altars and the sacrifices and he's talking about this. Oh, not only the fundamental parts but he had the identification of God. See he was in the line of duty exactly what he was promised for that age. Not for the age of Noah but for the age of them. Now listen to this. Okay. So I will take you to the land that's flowing with milk and honey. There they were on their way and Israel was identified with the prophet Moses with the message of that age. God's characteristics identified in Moses. A pillar of fire was following him. He also had the anoint the anointment. Oh, sorry. My spit was in the way. He or he also had the atonement in action. Now, I want you to think of this. I want you to put your your your thinking caps on. And I want you to think about what he's talking about when he's identifying what is it that's making him what it is. What is it that's identifying Moses? Okay. He says, he says that the pillar of fire was following them. Also, the atonement was in action. Not speaking of it, but had it in action. He says, not what will be, but what is right now. So he's talking about present present tense. He's talking about all these things that are happening in present tense. He says notice he had the brass serpent that had been lifted up for the sicknesses and disease of the people. Therefore Moses was practicing divine healing. Okay, think about that. He was at that current time practicing divine healing. Okay. So now he says he had the atonement, the brass serpent symbolizing that God was in the camp. Okay. And and the people were looking on that brass serpent and being healed. He also had the smitten rock following him. And that was identifying God to keep the waters of life among them, joy and salvation. And they were not perished but have everlasting life. It was a type that the smitten rock was in the was or the smitten rock in the wilderness was a type of Christ being smitten. Then they were traveling. Look, now look at these characteristics. I love how he points these things out because if you're thinking about it, you can parallel a lot of this to today. Okay? He says, "Then they were traveling in the line of promise." &gt;&gt; What was their promise? Is that they were going to a land. &gt;&gt; Amen. that their promise was is that Moses was taking them into a land. Okay, so now we're we're speaking of we're trying to cut out the black and white. Okay, we're trying to cut out the the fake dollar and the silver dollar. So right now we're cutting out false religion and current religion that we can identify for today. And they were traveling in the line of promise that was another identification to showing God's characteristics. No matter how fundamental this other one was with the word, he had the fund fundamentalism plus the identification and the characteristics of God among them. God identified himself two prophets, both of them prophets, &gt;&gt; and both of them fundamentalists. He says, "But God identified him identified his characteristics in Moses because he had the characteristics of God in him." Amen. So that's what it is is the God you identifying yourself with current scripture for today. Current mana for today. And that's what you go to is you go to God's word. We don't want to identify. We don't want to sit here and identify ourselves with with the things of the past. And we don't want to identify ourselves with problems that we might have in the future. But yet we don't want to even identify oursel with our current circumstance. Whether we're sick in our body, whether we're we're po whether we whether we're all broke. You know what I'm saying? I mean I mean I mean whether we identify ourselves in finances or whether we identify ourselves as not having this or not having that. But you identify yourselves in the current promise for promises of today. Amen. And that is you will take a rapture. You are a child of God. You are going to overcome the enemy in your life. Amen. You just got to be able to set yourself, Amen. Set yourself with the identity of God. Amen. Don't sit there and live your life in a place, amen, that you can't look up and say, "God, amen, I want to be more like you." It's at that very moment that Satan's going to fight you in your life. It's at that very moment that he's going to come and he's going to try and take everything from you because he doesn't want word made flesh here today. &gt;&gt; He doesn't want it. Amen. Satan doesn't want the word being manifest here today. But you know what? Amen. We can identify ourselves with the scripture. Amen. Be able to say that you know what? We are part of him. Amen. We are the sons and daughters of God and we can overcome these things. Amen. Because we're being identified in him. But a lot of times God when he identifies himself, it's always through the word. &gt;&gt; That's God's footprint. That's God's footprint. That's how God does this. Now look, we look back, we look back into this, look back in in some of these scriptures here. He says John 5 and 38:40. Remember, he's going back and forth. John 538 and 40. He's going back and forth with the Sadducees and the the Pharisees. He's going back and forth amongst all these religious people. And he says, "And he and and ye have not his word abiding in you, for whom he hath sent him, ye believe not." Now think about this. At the very portion of the scripture, he says, "And ye have not the word abiding in you." Okay? So that that that plays a key element. The word abiding in you. &gt;&gt; Not just your pastor preaching it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not just your youth leader telling you that it's a good idea, but you yourself are abiding in the word. &gt;&gt; You yourself are reading the scriptures for yourself. &gt;&gt; You yourself are listening for the messages or yourself. Not because you're being told to. &gt;&gt; Amen. Nobody wants that kind of individual. Amen. always having to kind of tell them, you know, that you better do this, you better do that, you better do this, you better do that. God doesn't want that kind of a person. He wants somebody with a desire, &gt;&gt; somebody with a desire within them to realize that I don't have what it takes to be the man that God requires me to be. So, I want to identify myself with him. &gt;&gt; He says, he says, "And ye have not the word abiding in you." Abiding is living, its habitation, its place. He says, "For whom he hath sent him ye believe not." Now look at this. There's a lot of different places that he could have went because you're talking about God of heaven. He's But he goes back so he can he can go and he can bring the two together with his followers. Search the scriptures. He says the very scriptures that they're claiming to read, the very scriptures that they're saying, "Oh, that they're looking for this Messiah. They're looking for this coming. They're looking for this one. They're looking, they're looking, they're looking." And all of a sudden, he appears and and they're like, "Who are you?" &gt;&gt; And and Jesus is standing back and he's like, "Search the scriptures." &gt;&gt; He says, "Search the scriptures for in them you think you have eternal life." Now, there's where the letter kleth and the spirit brings life. They sat there and read the scripture. Read the scripture. Read the scripture. But the very manifested one that when he came, they missed him. &gt;&gt; Search the scriptures. For in them you think that you have eternal life. And they are they which testify of me. &gt;&gt; And ye will not come to me that ye may have life. &gt;&gt; He won't come to him. But yet it's the one that they've been looking for. is the one that they but yet when he stands right in front of them, amen, they don't even see who he is. Amen. Because he came unusual. &gt;&gt; He came in a way that he didn't realize. He didn't realize, oh, they were looking for an overcomer. They were looking for this king. They were looking for this, this, this. And God can care less what was happening on earth. &gt;&gt; He was wanting to make sure. Now, first thing he said, because the word is not in you, think about this. &gt;&gt; Because the word is not in you. There's a lot of people that the word is not in. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of people that doesn't matter what the word says. &gt;&gt; It doesn't prick their heart. &gt;&gt; It doesn't come into consciousness when they make decisions. The word doesn't come into play when they when they're met up at a tea in the road and all of a sudden then they could go left when they need to go right. A amen. But yet they're thinking, "Well, nobody's around." But when the word comes, it corrects them. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And all of a sudden, but what there is is there's something a responder that can come and it can contact back and forth &gt;&gt; is because they have an identification. Let me tell you something. You're not fighting to you're not you're not fighting to become a son of God. You are a son of God. &gt;&gt; You are a son of God. Amen. You're fighting the wicked one that's keeping you from from realizing, Amen. your potential that your identification is not a mere human. Amen. But you have the ability to change the atmosphere that's around you. Amen. That you have the ability by the spoken word. Amen. To walk into a midst of a situation and to be able to say and to be able to come and take the spirits under control. &gt;&gt; Why do you think when you know I I love it when Jesus was out there and he was crossing the he was crossing the the the I keep calling it the ocean, but it wasn't the ocean. You know, he's he's crossing the Red Sea. &gt;&gt; Sea of Galilee. &gt;&gt; The Sea of Galilee. That's right. He's crossing the Sea of Galilee and he goes out there and he stands over the boat and he's like, "Peace, be still." &gt;&gt; And the winds and the waves obey him and everybody's like, "Whoa, what manner of man is this? &gt;&gt; What manner of man is this?" What is it about an individual that can walk into a situation and speak peace to the situation? Whether you're a father, whether you're a mother, amen, whether you're a grandpa or grandma or or somebody that's well trained in the word because the word abides in you and you can identify with that word and that word identifies back with you. You could take control over the situation that you're in. &gt;&gt; It's because it's not you Satan's coming up against, but he's coming up against the word that is abiding within you. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's what God that was whole God's his whole desire was to be able to to identify himself with flesh again that when people see you, they see Christ. &gt;&gt; You know, going back when they're talking about my name, my name's sake, &gt;&gt; you go there in Acts 4:10 and 14. Now, in order to be identified with Christ, you must be bold. You must be bold. And I'm I'm not talking about the world's style of bold, but you must be bold within yourself. &gt;&gt; Because there's decisions that you make that you only make. There's decisions sometimes that you're in the world that you have to make that God puts you in. &gt;&gt; So that you can show the characteristics of God to this age that we live in. How many of you that have ever been in here have been in a situation and knew knew the decision that you made? If somebody else would have made a decision, it would have been the wrong decision. Whether it was something that was done in secret or whether it had to deal with money or whether it had to deal with amen speaking lies or doing something against somebody or doing something, but yet it was not your decision because by nature, Amen. But you take it back to the word and you're like, "No, I'm not a liar." You know, no, I'm not a thief. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. What you do is you're lining those charact your own characteristics up with the characteristics of God. Okay, people notice those things. If you go back and you look at Peter there in Acts 4:10, it says, "Be it known unto you all and to all the people of Israel that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole." Now, a miracle had just taken place. This is the stone which was set at not of you builders, which ye become the head of the corner. Neither is the salvation any in any other, for there is none other name under the heavens given among men, whereby you must be saved. Now when you saw the boldness of Peter and John, now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men &gt;&gt; now by their speech they're unlearned and they're ignorant. Okay? Both. Both of them. &gt;&gt; He says they marveled and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Now, think about that. Jesus hadn't even stepped on the scene yet or had wasn't even on the scene, but they could tell by the characteristics that were inside of the disciples that they had identified with Jesus Christ. They had put all their life aside and they had taken on the characteristics, the identification of Jesus. So when the time had come, amen, for a man to stand up and the word to be exhibited in front of a group of people, amen, he could stand up with the same speech. Remember, he said, "Don't give word to what you should speak or what you know what these things that he'd say, but he he'd say it because the word is the one that was is going to be the one that says it." And so Peter or Yeah. Yeah. Peter stands up. Amen. And he had did the exact same thing Jesus had done. And the people saw Jesus in Peter. Amen. And it's the exact same way that we come that that when that God comes here this evening is that the fact that we can open ourselves up and we can align ourselves not with our own ideas, not with our not with our own uh uh preconceived uh thinking of how things should be. But yet God can bring and he can he can bring us together and we can solely identify and we can exhibit Christ. Amen. by the manifested word that we live here here through the message of the hour. Now, think of it. There's a lot of false religion that's in the world. There's a lot of there's a lot of what he said or she said, but yet we have a vindicated message. Amen. We have a prophet that come not with just the fundamentals. He didn't come and he was just like, "Oh, you know, we need to have our all men's right and we need to have this and we need to have that." But yet his one of the focuses was the spirit and that was behind the life. Amen. exhibiting the word for today. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love him here this evening. &gt;&gt; The unusualness of God. God will come in not your expected way. &gt;&gt; You know here in time we always ex we expect to God for God to do things immediately. We expect God to do things in a way that we can understand him. You know, like Lord, if you're going to do something, it needs to be like this or it needs to be like that or you know what, it needs to be uh it needs to be in a way that I can see. But yet, he does things unusually. If you look at the birth of Christ, we just stand back and we look at the birth of Christ. And even the fact that the scriptures had already prophesied these things hundreds of years before Christ had ever come. I I go back and look God identify God identifying himself by his characteristics. I pulled a lot of this stuff from there, but it says, "But Joseph looking into her big pretty eyes and she would say, Joseph," of course, we're speaking of Mary. And if you go back up above this to kind of give a little note of it, brother Random goes off and he says that, you know, Mary was at a point of her life where she it looked as if she was hiding behind Moses or hiding behind Joseph. It looked as if she was hiding behind Joseph because she knew what she she had a you know she had this child and she was trying to you know get married and you know because we all know what happens &gt;&gt; you know in that time or that age that they go out and stone her you know that they go out so it appears going into the story it appears as if as if Mary's walking into the situation with the hidden motive says but he says but Joseph looking in her pretty eyes and she would say Joseph Gabriel said to me, "The Holy Spirit shall overshadow thee, and this thing, this thing that will be conceived in thee, in thee is of the Holy Spirit. It's God. It's what's going to be called the Son of God." And Joseph, he he wanted to believe that, but it was so unusual. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That that never happened before. And that's now this is the part where he gets he says and that's just the way today if we could only if we have some way of getting it to the people to see the unusualness of anything if it's identified by the word then its characteristics prove what it is it's God in action he says Joseph should have known think about this a lot of things that we go through in our life. A lot of times in the the thing a lot of the lot of p the the paths that a lot of us take, we should have known. We should have known, hey man, by the things that we're going through that God's working in our favor that he's in action. He says he says God or Joseph should have known that he or he should have known a virgin shall conceive. But he was honest about it. He didn't want to put her away privately. He was going to do so priv privately. He was thinking about doing it. But yet it comes so unusual. And the word sometimes it comes so unusual to us. Like you're in the middle of a situation in your life. you you about to get your lights turned off and and you've been working hard and and you're wondering what you're going to do and all of a sudden you get to the bottom of the barrel and and and you reach out and you step in and you identify not with the current circumstance of where you're at, but you identify with God's promises and God brings it to pass. It's the same way with healing. You can identify with the infirmity that's going on in your body or you can stand back and you can identify with by my stripes you are healed. Amen. And we know that we know we can identify that that scripture is alive and remaining because we have a prophet now. There's a lot of prophets that that are in the land today. &gt;&gt; We know that there's a lot of prophets that are in the land today and they have the fundamentals. They have the fundamentals and they could even go on to say that they have the moving of the spirit. But does their but does their life their characteristics line up with the word? Amen. That is being projected to us today because we're not in a we're not in a we're not in a Baptist gospel. We're not in a Methodist gospel. We're not in a time of times past. We're not in the shadows. But right now, we are we are at the positive. You know, we we we are at the positive of the picture and what God is God is expecting us to see a reflection for himself like that gold. Amen. That's been tried in the fire. And sometimes life throws unusual circumstances in our way. Amen. But yet you've not put on the you don't have the flesh of yourself to sit back and just get mad at the circumstance and get mad at God or get mad at this person or get mad at that person. But yet God's given you a way to overcome. And that's the identifying with the word. Amen. Right now for your day and your hour and watch God move. Now that's something that Satan can't get a hold of. That's something that Satan he's going to try to come at your life. You might be sitting at your home and having a bad day and he's putting bad thoughts in your mind about a brother or a sister or he's putting your or he's putting thoughts in your mind about the church or he's doing these different things. But you bring it right up and you line it right back up with the word of today and you and you bring it across a vindicated message for the hour and you watch God overcome in your situation. &gt;&gt; Watch him overcome. Amen. But it's putting away our identification. &gt;&gt; Now think about this. We don't like to intrude. Most of us. I don't mind it necessarily. My wife, she's always like, "Well, we haven't been invited. I might get my daughters." Now, now it goes for my wife. Now, my daughters, my wife don't say anything because my daughters will say, you know, you know, and they're like, "You haven't been invited." And I told him, I was like, "Girls," I was like, "There's not a house, there's not a celebration, there's not a car, there's not an airplane ride that I am not invited to." I was like, I I can, you know, I was like, I I'm I'm invited, you know, and you know, but but for some reason, we come to God &gt;&gt; as if we're not invited. &gt;&gt; We come to God as if we're we we're a lesser species. You know, we come to God because yes, we are fighting in our flesh. We are fighting things in our flesh. We're fighting either sicknesses or or complexes or we're fighting or we're fighting ill or ill thoughts against this person or we and we realize the gravity of our mistakes and we and we wonder how is it that we could come to a to a pure and holy uh God that has laid everything on the line for us. you know that he come from him. and we come for this and we and we wonder if we're invited and and we're hesitant to in the services to be able to lift up our hands or we're he hesitant to be able to come to an altar or we're hesitant to be able to compare ourselves with the scripture when the scripture says that ye are the sons of God and all of a sudden something in the back of your head says yeah but you remember this or oh do you remember that or or he might be talking to you know brother KBY because he's a son of God or he might be talking to you know to our to our brothers that are, you know, our our brothers that are brother Donald. I was trying to remember your name. Yeah, brother Donald. Or we or we you might be thinking about Brother Donald, you know, because Brother Donald, you know, he's he's he's so meek and he's and he's, you know, there's just a lot of good things about Brother Donald, you know, it's just a lot of good things about Brother Donald. Or or you might sit there and just think that, oh, because I'm not like this or I'm not like that that I'm not that I'm not invited. But yet, it's quite the contrary. But it's God walking through the aisles of the service and he's going back and forth and he's looking to see which heart that it is that's open and he's looking to see cuz he's not a gentleman. You know, if you want to be in service and you don't want anything to do with the service or you know, you're just here because your mom says you need to be here or your dad says you need to be here or or anything like that and you know, you don't you don't you know, there's no there's no interaction between you or the word. you know, God God's God God has a God has a way of just being like, you know, I'll get to that one a little later. You know, I got some things for him to go through. But yet, he's searching for that heart. And a lot of you elders know what I'm talking about. When you used to sit here on the front rows and your heart would be open, amen, to the things of God. But yet, but yet God's desire to communicate. God's desire to be able to work one-on-one with man is greater than than any theologian is, is greater than any psychologist, is any greater than anything. But his desire is for that one-on-one fellowship that you can that that the world won't be able to tell the difference between you and God. And and when they look at you, they see God. When they look at him, they're like, "You know what? If there's anybody that that would remind me of Jesus, that would be brother so and so. You know, he you know, I'm sure he fights his battles, but yet he just presses right along." And and thinking about this, I look at one of the a quote that I had come across and it says, "Now remember after Jesus doing this when nobody else could do it, we are invited." &gt;&gt; Now, you're invited now. You're invited right here at this very minute. Right at this very moment. I mean, it's not going to be something that's far off, but it's something that's calling out every service. That's something that's calling out every song service. something that's calling out every time the minister gets up here. He says that you are invited. Now, church, think of this just a minute. We are invited to shape our own character to his by grace. We are invited, think of it, to become characters like his. If we are ready to lay lay our character down and the molding that we had, high-minded, lovers of pleasure, more than lovers of God, false accusers, incontinent, despisers of those that are trying to do right, having the form of the God of godliness, but denying the power of the word, &gt;&gt; denying the sustained ability, not we're not talking about a form. We're not talking about, hey, brother so and so, nice suit or this or that, you know, but we're we're talking about that night that that night time that at the very end of the day when the chips or the rubber meets the road, the chips have all fallen, you know, where you stand with God and God says, "I'm inviting you at this critical moment in of life, right before the rapture takes place. I'm going to send a message your way that you can shape your character, that you could shape your life, that you could shape everything that you are." Amen. To my desire of the word. &gt;&gt; He says pleasure or he says and God trying to do that having a form of godliness and then designing or denying the power of the word. How God or how can God come into a place like that when they deny the word? &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, brother Michael, I'm not denying the word. What are you talking about? You know, I I I don't deny the word. I come to church. I do. We're not talking about attendance. We're not talking about, you know, I mean, because, you know, if you think about it, when Jesus's got church got too big, I was listening to the quote when brother Brandon was speaking. He was like, when the church got too big, he'd just throw something unusual out there. And he would look out there and he'd be like, "Church got too big. Unless you drink my blood and eat my flesh, you'll have no part of me." &gt;&gt; 200. See you. 200 of them just left like that. But there was something different inside the disciples. There was something different inside of Peter and James and John and some of these that were different that inside because when Jesus turned around to him and he was like, "Are you going to leave me also?" Peter's like, "Where could we go for thou hast of the words of eternal life?" Amen. They could identify Jesus with the words that the prophets were were preaching for the for in the times past. They could take back and they could look and they could say they could look back and say, "Now, wasn't it very interesting that the that the preachers and the priests couldn't even identify Jesus who she was, but a prostitute at the well could say could sit back and could look and say, "You know what? I've heard of these kinds of things. You know, I've heard that when the Messiah comes out, he would do these kinds of things." And all of a sudden he sits out there and he's like, "I'm he," you know, and but yet the priests would sit there and question of who he was and and question and and let me tell you something. We got to be careful to not sit in the place of the of the Sadducees and the Pharisees and sit here in church and sit here and try to decipher whether or not this is the word or that's not the word or or you know what that that that portion of scripture doesn't doesn't pertain to me. But yet we got to be able to sit back and be able to be like, you know what, amen, the the scripture says, amen, that that that that through Christ we can overcome. And the message that the pastor is preaching or the message, amen, that the evangelist preaches or or or the song that's being sung, it identifies itself with the word. And with that sword, with that sword of the word, you'll be able to cut down any adversary that comes into your life. Amen. You're go you're struggling with certain things in your life here this evening. You can take the sword of the word. Amen. You can identify it. You can identify it with the scripture and you can go and Satan has to bow. Amen. You could go and you could say, you know what, Lord, I I need the baptism of the Holy Ghost and and Lord, I'm cutting them down. You know what? You know what? You know, God doesn't want you to fall and we're not leaving a grace or a license for sin that takes place. But you would rather be trying. You would rather be sitting the sitting in the sitting in the back room somewhere and you're struggling or you're dealing with something that that's hereditary in your life and you're sitting back and you're grabbing hold. You're grabbing the hold of of God's word and you're sticking right there to it. Amen. You watch God as he moves on the scene. Yeah. The Hebrew boys, you know, they got thrown in the fire and we they had the scripture that they weren't to bow before the graven images. And when they'd come to that place that they had realized they because they could have bowed just like everybody else in the crowd. Sure. &gt;&gt; They're going to bow just like everybody and nobody would have noticed who they are. Amen. But they made they made Christ living for today because Christ ain't Christ ain't bowing to nobody and for and Amen. The scripture says that every knee shall bow before him. Every tongue will confess before him. Amen. So his people shouldn't be bowing before any graven images. And you shouldn't bow before sickness and you shouldn't bow before you shouldn't bow before depression. You shouldn't bow before those thoughts that are coming through your through your mind. Amen. About your family's health, about the different your job situation. You shouldn't bow before those things. Amen. But you stand right there. You know where God come from. You know where God's taken you. And you know what he's going to do with you when he's finished. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Finish my quote here. He says, "Do also that the life that I live shall live in you." Oh no. It says we've got to take the entire full gospel. Oh no, I'm still not there. And the word just pushes it out. He can't identify himself or how can he identify with himself with something like that? We've got to take the entire full gospel, we must and now being that we have identify ourselves as full gospel people, let's mold our character. We in we in in we're invited to be molded in his image that we might reflect his presence. &gt;&gt; And the works that I do shall you do also. The life that I live so shall you. We're invited by God to take him as an example. As an example and let our characteristics be molded like this. What what a thing. I then when when we let his characteristics be in us, then we have become sons by having the mind of Christ. Mind which is his character. Your mind makes your character. Let the mind Paul said of Christ, this mind that was in Christ be in you. Let the mind of Christ be in you. It molds the character of a son of God now or it molds the character of a son of God. So that mind of Christ that is in you when nobody else is around &gt;&gt; when you're not with your brother or you're not with your sister. Amen. And the enemy is fighting your mind. All of us are are fought. Doesn't matter if you're a young person, if you're an older or if you're an elder in the church, but you're being fought daily. But if you let this mind that is in Christ &gt;&gt; be in you. &gt;&gt; When Christ came and he overcome the devil, he overcome death. &gt;&gt; He overcome sickness. He overcome blindness. He overcome uh he overcome the the the the maniac of Gadie. He overcome he overcome the the physical elements of the air when he when when he when he when he stopped the storm when he was going over the deal. That same mind that's within you. You can overcome the enemy of your soul. &gt;&gt; You can overcome the enemy of your soul because it's not you that Satan's fighting, but it's Christ in you, the word. Amen. That he has to come against. &gt;&gt; He was defeated. &gt;&gt; He was defeated. He wasn't defeated. You know that the you know, brother Ram talks about all the powers that Jesus had, but yet he used the word All right. &gt;&gt; And it's the word that's within you that identifies &gt;&gt; your life to him. &gt;&gt; Sister Carol, when you're at work, they look at you and they see Christ in you. They realize that, you know what? There's something different about Sister Carol. You know, there's something that's within her life that when when when the rubber meets the road that that that that Amen. that that that she follows the scripture. She follows the word. &gt;&gt; The word is who? It's not brother Windle. It's not me. It's Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's Christ that's within them. &gt;&gt; Now the characteristics that we take, you can say my characteristics. Yes, we know Christ by his characteristics when he came. As we said, as we said before, the the the the the woman at the well, she ident was able to identify who Christ was when he came to the well. &gt;&gt; The lady with the issue of blood, she identified who that man was. Therefore, she had the faith to be able to fight past the crowd to be able to know that if I could just touch a hand garment that God is so powerful, &gt;&gt; that he is so powerful, that he is so magnificent, so that he is so great that just me touching the hymn of his garment. Now, what he has to do is he has to have that faith word to respond. There has to be something. I noticed that when Jesus was touched, he says, "Who touched me?" And Peter's like, you know, everybody's touching. He's like, but but when that touched me, it was the only thing that was comparable to Jesus. It was the only thing. You can't compare works. You can't compare anything but his word when his word touched him. When his word when the when those characteristics of the word that was inside of her touched Jesus, it drained him of his ability because it was the only thing because what it was, it was two omnipotent meeting. It was two major forces coming together and colliding to perform a miracle because it was a son of God. It was a daughter of God that was taking taking the word and it was bringing it back to the master and the master was having to and the master was digging into the spiritual piggy bank or spiritual bank of his word and giving receiving because she had written the check for healing. And we've got to have the same style of faith that when we come to God that Lord, this is what you said. Lord, this is what you promised. I'm a child and I'm in the I'm in the active service for your in of your army and this is what I need. And God will be obligated to meet your need. &gt;&gt; You know what? &gt;&gt; God likes to show off. &gt;&gt; God likes to show off. You know, I like to show off. I can't do a whole lot of showing off anymore, but I like, you know, when the kids come out and they're they're like, "Oh, build this and build that." And I'm always like, "I don't have the material for this or I would, you know, you know, or oh, you know, but God likes to show off." You know, sometimes we get in situations of our life where we where God puts himself in a position to where he's like, "You know what? I know what they're going to do. That's why I chose them." you know, and and they're fixing to hit this portion in their life, you know, where I'm working unusually. Why would why would I send a why would I send a child or why would I send, you know, a mother or why would I send a father or why would I send a young person through this situation, you know, to be able to go through this? And it seems like it's so bleak and it seems like it's the wrong time and it seems like it's it's not going to happen and it seems like these, you know, and they're going to be so discouraged and they're going to be such into a place to where to where they're going to call on my name and and I'm going to use this situation, you know, to be able to glorify God amongst the people, you know, and there's only one avenue that can happen and that's through you. You're the avenue that God can be made manifest in in the in the in the time that we live in. Now we want to go back and be identifying Christ by his characteristics here. Here here in the message here it says it says God has raised him up from the dead and today his characterist characteristics as it seem as or as it same as it was I'm going to get that right. It says God has raised him up from the dead and today his characteristics as it same as it was then and the returning of the days of Sodom as Jesus prophesied the same thing um the same thing is to take place when the son is being revealed to the prophet it's identification of his characteristics Hebrews 14 4:14 and 15 he is now our high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities just like he was then. Do you believe that our infirmities touch him? Well, if you would touch him, how would he act if he was the same yesterday, &gt;&gt; today, and forever? His characteristics would be the same. Then he'd act like he did when when the woman touched his garment. Do you believe that he ever lives? he has ever lives and his characteristics still identify him today as he was then. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that with all your heart? Now listen to the great part. Do you believe that with all your heart? God identified by his characteristics. It identifies it or it identifies him. Amen. One more thing. It says he says characteristics of the promise or sorry that was me. I said that. It said today Luther said when you believe you've got it. The Methodists say when you shout you got it. The Pentecostals say when you speak in tongues that you had it. We find all this wrong. Some of them say the fruit of the spirit got it. And that's wrong. The only evidence is when when the vindication when God himself identifies himself in the promised word of the hour. There it is. He says, "Who had any more fruits of the spirit than them kind old priests?" Think about this. Circumcised the children and blessed them and everything else. And here this guy Jesus was come over, kicked over the sacrifice blocks, looked upon them with anger, beat them, run them out. No identification of nothing. The scripture is his identification. He had no fellowship card. He belonged to no congregation. But God spoke of him. That that was that was his identification. That's the genuine identification of God in any hour. &gt;&gt; In any hour. Amen. That God spoke of him at any hour. It is his identification. That's what it is. The scriptures that's promised made identified by the characteristics of the promise which God is. And God is the word. and the characteristic of the promise being identified. There's a lot going on right here. Okay, it says and the characteristics of that promise being identified that makes the believer. &gt;&gt; Jesus said so and that settles it. &gt;&gt; Did y'all just hear that? Amen. He says he says and made identified by the characteristics of the promise which is God and God is the word and the characteristics of that promise being identified that makes the believer the characteristics that you portray of Jesus Christ in your life. Amen. Identifies the living Christ of this hour. Amen. Because you're meant to overcome. You're to fulfill the scriptures in its entirety through the characteristics of Jesus Christ being distributed in this generation. Amen. Identifies you as Christ living breathing among men. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. As as our musicians come, &gt;&gt; but he identifies himself by his characteristics. The word is his characteristics that's being brought in front of man to be displayed today. Today we live in a time where there's lot of identification that's going on in the world. There's a lot of there's a lot of people claiming to identify with Christ. Therefore, we've got millions of churches and we've got we've got different denominations that come but only one is identifying himself. God only came or Christ when he came he came and identified or God when he came he came and identified himself through one man and that was Jesus Christ at that present time and he came and when he identified himself it wasn't the oh the Sadducees said oh the Pharisees said oh I I'm God because just John said it was like no search the scriptures &gt;&gt; search the scriptures &gt;&gt; because the scriptures identify who I am Come on. &gt;&gt; Now, &gt;&gt; we look at that as if that's just God, if that's just Christ, if that's just, you know, something that when he was to come for fulfillment of this day. But no, you're to search the scriptures. &gt;&gt; You're to find your place in the age that you live in so you can you can follow the same characteristics and the footsteps that Jesus has. So you can be identified by this world that we lived in. Then we look back right here what we said right here at the day of Pentecost where they said that you know what he's they're ignorant and they're unlearned. But this one thing we know that they've been with Jesus. &gt;&gt; We're ignorant and unlearned. But let them be able to say, "But you know what? Those are some Christian people." &gt;&gt; They might not be able to sing or they might not be able to preach or they might not have this right. They might not, you know, the fundamentals might seem to be, but you know what? They live the they can identify themselves with Christ. And that's where we want to be at here this evening. We don't want to identify ourselves with our attitudes or with our way that we see life because as we could see that life has been going on from time after time after time life's been moving on and it's just just it's making this big circle. A lot of things are just coming around and we know that styles and fashions and we know that sings or presidents or celebrities or or anything or anybody that's that's that's in that realm is one day it's all going to pass away. But there's one thing that's remains and that's the solid rock of the gospel. And that's where we want to be at here this evening is we want to be able to say that I identify not with a church. I don't want to identify with just the church, but I want to identify myself with the one that saved me. I want to identify myself with with the one that that that is reaching out for me. The one that that the one that calls to me in the evenings and and desires fellowship in my life and desires to spend eternity with me. I want to identify myself with something that's everlasting. And you know what? A lot of times that a lot of times the identification comes because there's a desire that's there. God's called that desire to be there. It's just that we've been in a place of amnesia. We've been in a place where where we've lost our identification as believers. We've lost our identification as as sons and daughters of God. And therefore therefore we we run we run church as if it's a religion or we run church as if it's a basketball game or we or we run churches if it's just a place for us to come or it's just become common. But but really what church is is a place to for you to explore who you were in God before the world began. It's a place that you could come and you can identify yourself with. You know what? I'm tired of these things that I identify my life with. And I would my desire is to be part of God's characteristics. Let his life be in me. Let me be able to exhibit that life to the world. Amen. Do you love him? Let's stand to our feet here this evening. [Music] Amen. What are we saying in co, &gt;&gt; Lord? Make me more like you. &gt;&gt; Let the light of your love shine it through. Teach me, Lord, to do things you want me to. [Music] Even though they persecuted me and the world against me, it's my side to make me more like you. Make me more like you, baby. More like you. [Music] Let the light of your love shine it through. Teach me Lord to do the things you want me to. [Music] Even though he persecuted me and the world against me, it's my desire to make me more like [Music] you love him here this evening. Is that your desires to be more like him? to shake off the things of the world and to shake off the things that are to just keep us earthbound, if that's the way that you want to put it. Are there things that you're not identifying the way that God identifies it or the way that God sees you in his scripture as the overcomer or as healed or as, you know, taking his word and being able to bring it to reality in your life. Sometimes it's not necessarily an outward showing, but God's vindicating, revealing himself in your life as a healer, as a creator. Amen. As a need meter. But first, you got to be able to see yourself in scripture. First, you got to be able to be able to surrender your desires and your wills so that God can work within your life. And you do that here this evening. Amen. Let God identify himself within you. Let him be able to Let him be able to exhibit himself through you that the world can see. That's what makes you a Messiah and Messiah present tense in the world that we live in. Amen. As we get ready for our pastor to come, we'll just sing that song again. &gt;&gt; Make me more like you. Make me more like you. &gt;&gt; Let the light of your love come shining through. Teach me Lord to do things you want me to. Even though they persecuted me and the world turned against me, it's my desire to make me more like you. &gt;&gt; Make me more like you. &gt;&gt; Make me more like you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Let the light of your love come shining through. Teach me, Lord, to do things you want me to do. &gt;&gt; Even though they persecuted me and the world turned against me, it's my desire to make you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. while the presence of the Lord is here tonight examining our lives. Lord, I I want I want to be your characteristics. I want your grace in my life, mold me, make me. As long as you're fighting and resisting God, you'll never know God. But sometimes we've we've got to get fed up with ourselves, fed up with our situations, fed up and say, "Lord, I I I need you. I I I I'll yield myself to you. I'll I'll give myself to you if you'll live through me. If you'll identify yourself in my life. I need you, Lord. Need your presence. Need your spirit. There's nothing about me that's good. There's nothing about me that's worth fighting for. [Music] Nothing about me that Let me just yield to you, Lord. You may mold me. You make me. Create in me what you want to create in me. Is there someone here tonight that the Holy Spirit has has been dealing with in your in your life tonight through this message? I believe the Lord spoke to us tonight. Mode me. [Music] I don't want to be resistant of it. that the characteristics. I believe this flesh can be made word. And when God sends his light to us and that great eternal logos who wrote the book in the first place is identified in our day and said, "Listen, if you'll just open up, I'll live this Bible through you. I'll declare my glory. Identify yourself in me, Lord. Take bitterness out. Take selfishness out. Take whatever out of me, Lord, but I want to be your body. If you've grown stagnant in your walk with God, say, "Lord, I'm sorry because this is not your characteristics. You're You're a burning fire. I want to be on fire. I want my I want my life. I I want a zeal to please you. Help me, Jesus. You know these this just just that just that earnest cry in our heart to reflect it. You've saved me. You've called me. I know you have. Now Lord, let your reflection as we sing that song again, why don't you just make that commitment to God? Here I am, Lord. If there's some that's resisted, well, I you know, this is me and I'm going to be me and you know, I don't care what God and his word says. Is that the way you really want it to be? Do you really want that in your life? Don't you want God to come in and mold you and make you something great for him? Isn't that what we want? Oh, God. That's my desire. I want to be just like you. Oh, make me more like you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, let your love &gt;&gt; of your love. &gt;&gt; Come in me, Lord. [Music] teach me [Music] &gt;&gt; even though they persuade me &gt;&gt; and the world may turn against me. It's my desire to make me more. &gt;&gt; Oh, one more time. Make me more like you. Make me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let the light of your love come shine through. &gt;&gt; Teach me Lord to do. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus. Though they persecute me and the world may turn against me, it's my desire. Live this life through me. Live this life. Make me more like you. &gt;&gt; I want to be your word. &gt;&gt; I want to be what you want me to be. &gt;&gt; Living through me, Lord. I'm surrendering everything to you. [Music] &gt;&gt; The things you want me to even though they persecuted me and the world may turn against me. It's my desire to make me more like you. Make me more like you. [Music] Hallelujah. Let the light of your love come shining through. Teach me Lord to do things. Even though the curse in a world, &gt;&gt; it's my desire. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. I love you, Lord. I love you, Father. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [Music] &gt;&gt; I I want more of you to make me more like you. I want more. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus, [Music] &gt;&gt; that's the way. &gt;&gt; Oh, I need more. &gt;&gt; Grant it Jesus. Grant it Jesus. Till there's no room left in me. [Music] &gt;&gt; All those wasted hours and told Jesus, &gt;&gt; they're yours now. &gt;&gt; Oh, I need more of you. [Music] Oh Jesus, I need more. &gt;&gt; Forgive me, Lord. Forgive me, Father. &gt;&gt; That's the way. [Music] &gt;&gt; I recognize my need for you, Father. Till there's no room left. [Music] &gt;&gt; All those wasted hours and minutes. Yes, they're yours now. &gt;&gt; Oh, I need more. I need more of you in &gt;&gt; one more time. I need more. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. That's the way. &gt;&gt; Oh, I need more. [Music] of you, of you, of you. Till there's no room. &gt;&gt; Oh, all those wasted. [Music] &gt;&gt; They're yours now, my Lord. I feel &gt;&gt; I need more of you. [Music] &gt;&gt; I just want to please the Lord. &gt;&gt; I just want to please the Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Be at his will in heaven. to be lost in his presence, &gt;&gt; found in his likeness to hear him say, "Welcome." Oh, I just want to please [Music] be at his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, &gt;&gt; found in his light. To hear him say, [Music] Oh, I just want to please. &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. My Lord, be in his will in every way to be lost in your presence. [Music] to hear you say, "Well done." &gt;&gt; To be lost in your presence. &gt;&gt; Hear you say, "Well done." &gt;&gt; Someday. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, I want to love you more [Music] than I ever have before. [Music] You're so easy to adore. [Music] Lord, I want to love you more. &gt;&gt; Want to love you more [Music] &gt;&gt; than I ever have before. &gt;&gt; You're so sweet to adore. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to love you. &gt;&gt; Sisters, won't you all sing it? That's brothers will follow after you'all. Sing it good. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to love you more. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to love you more &gt;&gt; than I ever have before. &gt;&gt; than I ever have before. Lord, you're so easy to adore. &gt;&gt; You're so easy to adore. &gt;&gt; Brothers, why don't we start it now? The sisters can follow us. Sounds beautiful. [Music] &gt;&gt; I want to love you more. &gt;&gt; I want to &gt;&gt; I ever have before. than I ever have before. &gt;&gt; You're so easy to do. &gt;&gt; You're so easy to adore. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want &gt;&gt; all together now. Let's all sing you and listen together. Yes. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to love you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. than I ever had before. &gt;&gt; You're so easy to adore. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to love you more. &gt;&gt; Sister, sing it again, shall we? &gt;&gt; Oh, I know he loves it. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to love you more. Lord, I want to love you more &gt;&gt; than I ever have before. &gt;&gt; I ever have before. &gt;&gt; You're so easy to adore. &gt;&gt; You're so easy. [Music] Lord, I want to &gt;&gt; brothers, let's start it now. Hallelujah. Oh Lord Lord, I want to love you more. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to love you more than I ever have before than I ever have before. &gt;&gt; You're so easy to adore. &gt;&gt; You're so easy to adore. Lord, I want to adore. &gt;&gt; You're so easy. &gt;&gt; You're so easy to adore. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to know. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Bless the Lord. We have identified ourselves with his characteristics today. [Music] I'm glad we're not bowing to an image of Christ, but we're bowing to a living Christ. We worship a living Christ. And again, his word is not just letters that make up words that have put been put on a printed page. This is a living God. And it requires a real surrender of our heart for that living word to come upon us. brothers, if there's ever a time for consecration, sisters as well, consecration and dedication to the Lord, Lord, I want to surrender myself to you in a greater way. I want to I want that word to be imprinted on my heart, my mind, that it becomes a part of who I am. I think that's the desire of every one of us. Amen. We love him here tonight. We appreciated the word of the Lord. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? [Applause] And um we're just so thankful for the goodness of the Lord. And um wasn't it wonderful to see Stacia baptized this morning or not Stacia uh Shayla baptized this morning and uh [Applause] I walked into the to the room there and and uh where her where she and sister Denise was waiting and she She had great big tears coming down her face. [Music] So thankful for what God is doing in her life. And it just isn't that just wonderful. Say someone say, "Lord, here I am." [Applause] And you know, I've been serving the Lord a long time now, but I still have that desire. And I I sometimes I get a little crusty, get get a little You just get used to things, don't you? But I tell you what, God is still living and sometimes we just need to go and fall in love with him all over again. And u so we have been blessed. I I look there at of course just so blessed to see that. I I I see what God's doing in Patrick and Stacia and um and to see the beautiful work that that he is doing and and I believe the more that that that they surrender to the Lord, the the greater they're going to know him. And I think that's the way it is with us all. Remember, every every stage of brother Brandham's life, every when the when the second pool was coming, Brother Brandham says, "You've got to be more sinc" or the angel said, "You've got to be more sincere." The third pull was coming, you've got to be more sincere. And I I I think that rings true for every one of us. God says, "If you want to come up higher, if you want to come closer, if you want me to be more real in your life, then you've got to be more sincere, you've got you've got to pull pull off to your alone with you and God, and then God will reveal himself to you in a greater way." Listen, you cannot set aside that special time with the Lord and him not come. Now, you might not feel him at first because your mind is so wrapped up in the in the realities or the the craziness of this world. But if you'll just if you'll sit there long enough, you'll stop long enough. Let the let your mind and whatever else know that I'm going to sit here until I can I can know that his presence is here. He'll meet with you. And I'm so glad for that because he is very very much real and alive. God bless you tonight. We have got our uh meeting coming up and and so um we're we're sure looking forward to what God is is uh has got in store for us. I've got great expectation. I just know something special is in the air. And um and so we're just believing the Lord. We want to uh continue praying for sister uh Angie Bendabout or not not Bendabout. Well, keep praying for her too. Amen. But sister Angie McDougall and um that uh uh the Lord will help her with that sickness. Just got that pneumonia's turning to ear infections and and uh just fighting fevers and and so we want to continue to pray uh for our sister Angie. We miss her today and um just continue praying for one another and uh let's just let's just pray. Amen. I I know I know brother Bryce and the and the congregation there in Claremore's just had a lot of sickness and and uh so we want to really be praying for brother Bryce uh the whole the whole congregation there. I I tell you um those people over there are the cream of the crop. And uh brother brother Bryce is a very personal friend of mine with a lot of character and uh I I love him and have high respect for him and and so we want to be praying for them. we uh uh and that this sickness here in Oklahoma just dies down. We got a meeting coming up and so we we don't want people coming and going home sick. Lord's been good to us here. We've uh we're just Amen. We're all relatively healthy and so we say thank the Lord and it's going to stay that way. Devil, you just go to go back to hell. Amen. And uh that's that's his place of abode. Brother Michael, so good to have you and Sister Cassie with us. Sister Cassie, that was a beautiful song. &gt;&gt; Wonderful. And um and so uh we we're we're thankful uh to for for you all to be here and so glad to see that baby growing up. And Amen. here before long she'll be driving y'all down here. Amen. Got to love them while they're while they're with you. Boy, don't they grow up fast, brother Merl? They just grow up so fast. And so, um, all right. There was something else that I was supposed to say and I can't I can't remember what it was. And um mom is going to be having her surgery on Wednesday, her um eye surgery. And I'd like for mom to just come up if you don't mind, mom, and just let us all pray with you as um that that it'll be a uh she's going to have some uh a cataract from one of her eyes removed and and um and we we we wanted to heal up especially quickly because we got a meeting coming up and we want her to be able to enjoy it and um and so uh let's let's just pray for mama. Amen. And uh I'm I'm I love my mama. I've got the best mama in all the world. And uh and so I just know that God's going to do something special for her. Father, [Music] she's going to be going into this surgery on Wednesday. Father, I just ask that your angels would be all around her. Lord, that your angels would be upon the doctor and the equipment. Lord, that there would be a complete recovery, a speedy recovery. Let there not be any complications at all. We're thankful, Lord, that you have you have made provisions in these days where doctors can remove these cataracts, Lord, to where they can see better. And I'm just thanking you for that. I'm just believing that she's going to be well in no time, Lord, is she not suffering that she would enjoy what you're doing in her life. We just want to thank you, Lord. Bless her, Lord. strengthen her in her body. Lord, I know Lord, Lord, at her age and Lord, sometimes she gets a little bit weary in her in her body. Lord, you've been so good to her. We thank you. And I'm just asking that you would just Lord, continue to to to Lord, take that tiredness away. Give her strength, Lord. Oh God, just give her those spiritual vitamins, Father. I just bless her and [Music] praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. In your arms. In your arms. I feel protected in your arms. Never did. Oh, in your arms. &gt;&gt; In your arms. &gt;&gt; I feel protected. There's no place. God bless you now. &gt;&gt; Oh, falling in love. &gt;&gt; Falling in love. God richly bless you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Press the battle. Amen. Love every one of you. check on the those that aren't uh aren't here today. Just call them and check up on them. We miss brother Bosco and and uh we we really we miss Sister uh Liz and and u and even those of you that would have have uh Brother Ronnie and Sister Linda's number, give give them a call and say we haven't seen him in a while. And just just sometimes reaching out to them like that just it means a lot. And um uh I I believe God I believe we're in the middle of something really special. And I don't know what it is, but I'm here to tell you I believe it's God. I believe God's doing something. Amen. So uh so we want to we just want to be if there's ever a time for the characteristics of Christ to be real in us, this is the time. Amen. Praise the Lord. God richly bless you. Amen. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. You can dismiss yourselves. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Falling falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. Thank you, Lord. His arms. I feel protected &gt;&gt; in your arms. &gt;&gt; It is ours. &gt;&gt; Never disconnected. [Music] In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather me.
