################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-28 - 2025-03-28E Bro Andrew Glover An Unlimited Generation Full Of Spiritual Expectation - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-28
Title:   2025-03-28E Bro Andrew Glover "An Unlimited Generation Full Of Spiritual Expectation"
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQ2w05m26EE
========================================

[Music] In my weakness, you are merciful, redeemer of my past and present wrong. You're the holder of my future days to come. Your present is heaven to me. Oh Lord, your [Music] presence to me. [Music] So all my days on earth I will await that moment that I see you face to [Music] face. Cuz nothing in this world can sisfy. Oh Jesus, you're the cup that warm up your eyes. Your presence is heaven to me. Oh Lord, your presence is heaven to me. treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness, you are mercer of my past and present wrong. You're the holder of my future days to come. And your presence is [Music] heaven to me. Your presence is heaven to me. [Music] So all my days on earth I will wait that moment that I see you face to face. Cuz nothing in this world could satisfy. When Jesus, you're the cup that won't dry. Your presence is heaven. [Music] Oh, your presence [Music] it's your [Applause] presence is heaven to me. [Music] I saw the harsh and sweet of one who gave only for me. I saw the suffering of his death. and the forgiveness of his final breath. And now I can never be the same. My heart has been forever changed. I want to live in love and give the way he [Music] gave. So now I'm giving my life away. I'm bringing it down at the older while I'm getting my life away. That's the very least I can offer is my own. Here I stand. You're giving my life [Music] away. Weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper. Can you stand and help me sing it now? When the darkness falls, it won't breathe in. Cuz the God I serve knows only how to triumph. And my God will never fail. And my God will never fail. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a [Music] victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle. There's power. There's power in the mighty name. G. How many can say amen to that tonight? Oh, every war he wages. He will win. I'm not backing down from any giant. No, I'm not. Cuz I know how this story ends. [Music] Yes, I know how this story ends. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a [Music] victory for the battle. Yes, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. for the battle. Oh, sing that again now. Oh, I'm going to see a [Music] victory. Do you believe what you're singing tonight? Thank you, Lord. It's to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to [Music] see for the battle ros to you, Lord. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this [Music] place. I worship you. I work. Can we sing that again now? You are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. Yes, Lord. Yes Lord, you are here. You are here. I believe it tonight. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker. Promise keeper. He's a light in my darkness. My God. That is who you are. And you are here. You're touching every heart. Oh, I worship you. I worship you and you are [Music] here. Yes, he is. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker. Do you believe it tonight? Thank you, Lord, my God. Thank you Lord for you are way maker miracle worker promise keeper not in my darkness my God that is who you wipe away all tears you wipe away all tears you build the broken heart you're the answer to it all Jesus us. Oh, you are the land of tears. You build the broken heart. You're the answer to it all. Jesus, I love this next part. Even when I don't see it now. Even when I don't see it. How many can say that here tonight? He's working. Never stop. He never stops. Even when I don't see it, even when I don't see it, he's working tonight. Thank you, Lord. Oh, never stop. You never stop work. Sing that again now. Even when I don't feel it tonight, I'm expecting him to move tonight. Just one more never stop when you are here turning lives around. Oh, I worship you. I worship you and you are here. You're in every heart. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you without music. Now, way maker, you are miracle. He's light, my God. Oh, you are promise keeper, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. Do you believe it tonight? Is that more than just the song? You've experienced it. Hallelujah. I love it. Even when I don't see it. It's why we don't base our walk off emotions. Amen. Even when I don't feel it in the good times and the bad, he never stops working. And I believe it here tonight that he's going to be working. Do you believe it? How many is under expectation saying, "God, I need you tonight. I believe he's going to move." Amen. I believe it tonight because he never stops working. He never stops working. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you here tonight. Before we go to prayer, like to say we have a set of glasses. I don't know if anyone is missing glasses, but we have glasses here. And also some keys that says I love grandma. Sister Carol, we thought it might be yours. Okay, so they are up here. We'll get those to you after the service. But I'd like to go to prayer here tonight. We got one from brother Marco Jr. says, "Please pray uh for my uncle. His leg needs amputated and the doctor hasn't arrived yet, but we are hoping for a miracle. So, let's bind together for that tonight. Also, Sister Charity Cinti, I believe that's what it says, landed on her peaky today while playing volleyball and possibly located it. Is she in here in the building? Sister Charity. Amen. Okay. So, let's remember our sister and our prayers tonight. And also I had a request from brother Shawn for Eli Emanuel Britain. Uh he was a young man that went to brother Barry Coffey's church passed away yesterday in a car crash. He was only 21 years old. So let's let's remember the family here tonight of of the ones that are mourning. I I know God can give peace and comfort. Amen. I'm going to ask brother Micaiah if he would mind coming and and leading us in your prayer. And if you have a need upon your heart, can you just make it known by the lifting of your hand here tonight? And I'm so glad that God sees the needs. Amen. God bless you now. Let's bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord. Just thank you, Father, for just such a great atmosphere in this building, Lord, this this evening. Father, as we feel your presence just coming down, Lord, it's overwhelming, Father. We ask you, Father God, that you would move, Lord Jesus, on these knees, Lord. One that hurt their hurt a pinky, Father, just touch it, Lord. Heal them completely, Lord. Lord, Lord, those that lost their family member, Lord Jesus. We ask you, Father God, to go down there and comfort them, Lord Jesus. We ask you, Father God, to bless the rest of needs, Lord. Just thank you for all you've done in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Amen. Amen. While we sing this, just turn around and and greet somebody here tonight. Step out in the aisle and let them know you're happy to see them. Amen. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cry until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be tonight. Oh no, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be tonight as Jacob in the days of old I the Lord and in I c I stood upon Love would not be. That's your attitude tonight. Yeah. Would not be denied until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be. Oh, Satan can say my Lord, he's gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The works already done. And Christ the Lord, he is here. Oh, I [Music] would. No, I would not be denied until my Jesus came and [Music] remained. I would never do that third verse again. out. Oh, Satan said our Lord was gone and would. Oh my, but praise the Lord. But praise the Lord. Oh my, the works already done. And Christ the Lord, he is here. Oh, I would No, I should not be denied until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not. Our brother Andrew take it away. [Applause] [Music] Oh, in pain of death she's to my soul unto my cry. Happy. I will not be denied. Oh, I would. No, I could not be denied until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I will churn up drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm when the enemy comes in like a flood. I will raise up my standard and oh verse one now. Oh, Satan, can you hear me? This fight is for you. You have no power for what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus. Jesus lives in me, too. I will turn up my praise. Show you what faith can do. I will turn up my praise. drowned out. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no when the enemy comes in like the blood I will raise up my stand. I'm going to do that verse again now. Oh Satan, can you hear me? This line is for you and you have no power over what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus, but Jesus lives in me, too. I will turn up my praise. Show you what they can do. Oh, I will turn up my praise. ground out the doubt holding my shield of faith and I feel no long when the enemy comes in and like I will raise up my standard overcome with the go. Hallelujah. Is that what you've come to do tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As brother Peter and John Keading come, can we sing this? I'm expecting anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I'm expecting [Music] anticipating God. A move of [Music] God power of God. Oh, move in this place. Tear down the walls that surround us. this week. Can we go up a key now? Sing it now. I'm expecting I'm expecting anticipating. Yes, Lord. A new [Applause] God. I'm expecting, anticipating a move. Guess what? A move of God power. If that's your prayer tonight, could you lift a hand and sing it? Move in this [Music] place. Oh, tear down the walls that surround us. Yes, Lord, we give you [Music] praise. Sing that now. Oh power grant it Lord. Oh move move in this place. Tear down the walls that surround us as we give you [Music] praise. Yes Lord. Grant it tonight. Hallelujah. God bless. You may be seated. And right after they're done, if if Brother Carter Morris would come with his special [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Did you enjoy that? Amen. As brother Carter comes, can you hit G for me? Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the book is for Jesus said it. For Jesus said it, I believe. His word cannot lie. It's written in the Bible. I believe till I die. The mountains be removed and cast into the sea. God's word will live forever throughout eternity. [Music] Amen. God bless you now. Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? I want to introduce to you here in this corner of the good and the right. There stands a champion rob in light. His light exceeds the heavens and his weight outweighs the world. His reach reach is everywhere. And his reach is everywhere. [Applause] Take his way. He's more mighty than the mightest. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] He left his hometown to enter this arena and he raised his hands in victory for you and me. There was an angry crowd cloud and they gladly washed my champ. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] He walked to Calvary, paid my debt, and took stripes for me. And he rose again, proclaiming my victory. So don't sit there defeated. All you have to do is believe to surrender everything and be set free. All the demons there are dreaming now. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. All time undisputed. Undefeated champion. The all time undisputed. Undefeated champion [Music] above. So glad he's our champion here tonight. Amen. Can we hit D? No, you're good. And Sister Gabby Scott comes and sings this. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Do you think we go up to sing that again [Applause] now? You mean from the heart. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh Jesus. I love [Music] you. He calls He. Can we just do without music? Can you sing it now? Oh now. [Music] Oh how I love you. Oh my. Yes. Oh how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus because he first love me. If you love him, can you give him a hand clap of praise tonight? Oh my. God bless you now. [Music] [Applause] And I had my sins and I've been stray away. I was lost to the point that I thought I could never change. But he had a purpose and he had a plan. Since he called me by name, I've never been the same. Amen. I got a testimony. I got a song to sing. I got good news to tell you. The king who rescued me. I put my hope in Jesus. I got a brand new lease on my hand raised high. I want the whole world to see. I got a test for me. I've been washed and I've been cleansed. The old me is buried and never coming back again. [Music] [Applause] Oh, praise him. Thank him for what he's done. I got a testimony. I got a song to sing. I got good news to tell you. The king who rescued me. I put my hope in Jesus. I got a brand new lease on life. My hands high. I want the whole world to see. I got a [Music] testimony. Oh, I can't say it enough. No, I can't praise him enough. No, I never thank him enough for what he's done. Oh, I can't thank him enough. I can't praise him with [Music] enough. I got a testimony. I got a song to sing. I got good news to tell you. The king will resue me. I put my hope in Jesus. So I got a brand new lease on life. My hand every time I want the whole world to see. I got a [Music] testimony. I got a [Music] testimony. I got a testimony. [Applause] Amen. How many got some testimony tonight? Amen. Of what the Lord has done for you. Amen. Can't we stand to our feet? Can we do this? I know we did it last night, but we will see miracles. See, I believe. Amen. So, we get ready to invite the man of God. Can we sing this now? You said that when we ask we will receive. We take you at your words. So Lord, we're asking you said your people will do gater things. We believe. We believe. We will see miracles. We will see giants fall. We'll walk on water. This is your kingom come. This is the battle one. This is [Music] revival. We will see miracles. We will see miracles. Verse two. You said you said that nothing. Yes, Lord. We won't back down. We know that you are able. You said your people will do greater things. We believe. We believe. We will see miracle. How about it tonight? Hallelujah. Yes. On water. This is your kingom come. This is the battle one. This is revival. When we see miracles, we will see miracles. The whole earth, oh the whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord ohm. Sing it again now. The whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waters cover the sea. Once again, oh the whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waters cover the sea. One more time. The whole earth, oh the whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waters cover the sea. We will see your glory and we will see your glory. We will see your glory. We will see your glory here. And we will see your glory. We will see your glory. We will see your glory here. [Music] We will see miracles. [Music] We will see mirales. We will see miracles. Amen. How many believes that tonight? How many believes we we will see miracles? We are seeing miracles. Amen. To think tonight that the Lord has has sent a word in this age. And a prophet of God told us, I heard him say it just before coming to church. He said, "Now you believe that word." And he said, "The miracles will take place on the word." And you know tonight, we're not here believing our feelings or our emotions, but we're believing vindicated word. And brother Ben, there's a direct promise tonight that a miracle will take place. Somebody say, "Well, I'm looking for a miracle." And Amen. How many combed your hair and brushed your teeth and got ready for church tonight? Anybody do that? Three of you? Four of you. You realize when you were doing that and looking in the mirror, you was looking at a miracle in an age of unbelief and infidels and atheists and agnostics. You're a young person and you got a desire in your heart to serve the Lord and to believe his word. And I tell you tonight, you're more of a miracle than you realize. Amen. Amen. How many loves him here tonight? Amen. We want to say God bless you all. My wasn't that a powerful word this morning. Amen. Thank you, brother Timothy, for delivering your heart. That was a very uh needful message in this hour. As our brother said, amen. An age of selfies, an age of self. But God would send us a message this morning and to tell us to rent the veil of self off of our hearts and self-will and let God have his way. Amen. We we sure enjoyed that. It is an honor to say to be here with you tonight and we thank you again, Brother Wendell at New Life Outreach for the opportunity to be here and the the vision for these meetings. I I know there's a lot of workers and a lot of uh helps that goes uh behind a meeting like this, but I want to say this. Amen. Without a pastor, this would not be possible. And brother Wendle, we thank you for the vision and allowing this to happen. Your burden, we support you and we thank you for it. Amen. How many appreciates the man of God for putting these meetings on this weekend? Amen. We we appreciate it. And to all the help, we sure appreciate you all. And Amen. How many preachers do we have in the building tonight? Could you just slip your hand up wherever you are? Amen. I know there's pastors and evangelists and Amen. all over this building, taking time away from their schedules to come and be in these meetings. We thank you. How many young people would just give the Lord a hand clap of praise for these men of God, amen, that have come to show you they're behind you and they're supporting you and they're pulling for you. Amen. God bless you, brothers. We sure appreciate you. And Amen. It is a a real special to be here tonight with brother, of course, Brother Wendell and brother Shawn. They've been huge supports of ours and the ministry and their friendships and Amen. And I was just thinking as just a young minister, amen, these these brothers uh give us an open door to come and speak and amen to minister in the meetings and we sure love and appreciate them and their stand for this message. And it's just good to be here tonight. We do want to bring you greetings from our church there and pastor brother Matt Morris and the saints there at Grace Tabernacle. We have several here with us and a few of them singing tonight. And amen. Brother Matt said to greet you all and amen. Unfortunately, they were unable to be here due to a scheduling conflict, but amen. And it's good to know there's people praying for these meetings. It's not even here. Amen. Miracles are happening. Amen. Before we open the word tonight, let's just bow our hearts together for a word of prayer. I know I know it's already been said. There's many needs among us. But I believe right here tonight with this many this many powerful men of God in this building and this many believers. I believe we can join together and bind the forces of hail. And I believe tonight can be a night of transformation for hearts and lives. Let's just join together. Maybe you would just lay your hand on someone next to you, brother to brother, sister to sister, husband to wife in godly order. And let's just join together and let's just invite him to come tonight. And the foundation has been laid for these meetings. The vision has been given. The work has gone forth. Now it's time. It's time to move into the things of God. Heavenly Father, Lord, as these believers have gathered here this evening on this second evening service of these meetings, Lord, we're not gathered here out of form or fashion, out of ritual or tradition. But Lord, we're gathered here tonight because your prophet said, Lord, that wherever the carcass is, the eagles will be gathered together. And Lord, as I heard him say this morning, he said, many men have tried to stop this word from going forth. He said, "They even give thumbs down on these type of meetings and these type of atmospheres." He said, "But wherever the carcass is, the eagles will come anyhow." And Lord, we know there's many spirits that's battled against these meetings and battled against this church and against the pastor and against the workers and trying to hinder them in the things of these meetings to stop this from happening. But Lord, as we gather our faith together tonight under this great banner of Jehovah, Lord, we want to gladly and proudly tell that devil tonight. Amen. Satan, you did not have enough to stop these meetings. You did not have enough to stop us from being here. And now, Lord, as we gather here tonight, we're not gathering here for entertainment, Lord, but we're gathering here for war. We're gathering here to do battle against the enemies of hell. Lord, we're praying that you would that you would open the windows of heaven tonight, oh God. Lord, as these believers have laid their hands upon one another, I know that wherever there is division, there is no power. But where there is unity, oh God, there is power, there is power to do the impossible. So Lord, as these young people gather together in one mind and one accord tonight, laying aside the cares of life, laying aside the things of the day, putting our shoulder, Amen, and our our vision together to press forward and take the promises of God. I'm asking you tonight, oh Lord, open the windows of heaven. Flood this place with your glory, oh God. Lord, may your anointing reign supremely among our our young people tonight. Lord, may this be a night of transformation, oh God. Lord, may this be a night that we would break out of one dimension, oh God, and we would step into another dimension. For Lord, these meetings are not just to be in this earthly dimension, but they're to break out into another dimension, Lord, where these young people can fellowship with you unhindered, Lord, un unrestricted, oh God. Now, Father, we ask you, help us to get ourselves out of the way tonight. And if there be any sick among us, Lord, as your word goes forth, may there come great healings and deliverances, oh God, Lord, for those that are wrestling, Lord, in the presence of God, and they know it's the time to surrender. They know it's the time to give in, but the devil is piling everything he can upon them to hinder them from giving in. Satan, in the name of Jesus, I charge thee by the power of the living God, I condemn you in the name of the Lord. Take your spirits of resistance back to the hell you brought them out of and let liberty reign in the hearts of believers tonight to fully surrender unto the things of God. Lord, your prophet said when we fully surrender, Amen. then you will come in fully. And Lord, tonight we want to fully surrender and we want you to come into these meetings fully, Lord, into our hearts fully. Oh God, we love you tonight, Lord. Forgive us of our failures and shortcomings. A Lord, draw us together tonight by the bond of love. And we'll be sure to stand back and give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory for you're the mighty God. You're the everlasting father. And Lord, you're worthy of all of our praise here tonight. Now Lord, as we commit this service into thy faithful hands, have your way among us in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. And all the believers says, "Amen." And amen. God bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles while you're standing, Amen. I believe he's in the room, don't you? Amen. The book of Job, the fifth chapter. The book of Job, the fifth chapter. I want to look in Job. And then we're going to go to Mark 9. In Job chapter 5, I want to read here in the eth verse of Job 5. Job here writing, he says, "Now I would seek unto God and unto God would I commit my cause, which doeth great things and unsearchable, marvelous things without number." Somebody say, "Great things." Great. Marvelous things without number. who giveth rain upon the earth, and sendeth water upon the fields. Now, I love this. To set up on high those that be low, and those which mourn may be exalted to safety. Look at verse 12. He disappointeth the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise. God gave you a promise, young people, that he would bind the hand of your enemy, that he could not bring to pass his desire for your life. Now, in the book of St. Mark, chapter 9, St. Mark chapter 9 and verse number 23, St. Mark 9 and verse 23, you love the Lord tonight. Mark 9 and 23. Jesus here speaking. and he's just healed the the the son of the epileptic and the demonic spirits have been have been raging in his life and Jesus has just healed him. And in the 23rd verse, Jesus said unto him, "If thou canst believe, some things are possible to him that believeth. A few things are possible." No. If thou canst believe, all things. Can I say all things are great things? They are marvelous things and they cannot be numbered. All things are possible to him that believeth. We ask the Lord this evening to add the blessing to the reading of his word as you can have your seats here this afternoon. I want to by the help of the Lord if I would take a title tonight to speak to you here. Uh the spirit of the Lord's drawn my heart and attention to some things here tonight. And if I would title this, I want to speak to you on this. An unlimited generation full of spiritual expectations. An unlimited generation full of spiritual expectations. I love what Jesus said when he said, "If thou can't believe." Now, Brother Brandon tells us very beautiful. He says, "Now you don't have to feel anything." He said, "You don't have to see anything." He said, "But you do have to believe something." Amen. Amen. You may not feel it. You may not see it. But you must believe something. Amen. Because all things are not possible to them that feel something or see something, but it is possible to them that believe something. And brother Brandham would say it like that. And when I look here at this word believe, it is used in the New Testament of the conviction and the trust to which a man, amen, is impaled by a certain inner and higher prerogative, amen, and law of soul. It is to trust in God, amen, as able to aid either in obtaining or in doing something. It is the mere acknowledgment, amen, of some fact or some event. So when you begin to believe, it is actually going beyond the realms of your flesh and it's going beyond the realms of your spirit, but actually it's moving into the realms of your soul. Amen. Where there is a law of your soul that allows you to believe things, amen, that your flesh will not allow you to believe. Amen. Your soul will allow you to believe things. Amen. That your spirit will not allow you to believe. I love that word. All things are possible. Amen. To him that believeth. When you look at that word possible, amen, it is strong in soul. Amen. It is strong in influence. Now, when I look at you tonight, I want to just tell you, Amen. As a prophet would say, Amen. Here is my estimation of you. Amen. You are a generation of the uncarchable riches. You are a generation that is partaking. Amen. Or you are drinking from an inexhaustible fountain. You are a generation that has been prophesied over. Amen. By the prophet of God who said, "Amen, that there are untapped resources." Amen. Amen. There are promises that are untapped. Amen. There are there are miracles. There are there are things that God has promised in this age. Let me just say this. You are not the church of tomorrow. You're not the church of next year or the church of two years from now. Amen. But you are the church of today. Amen. Because tomorrow is not promised. I love what a prophet said. He said, "I believe that his church, amen, is his representative on the earth." Now, when you look here in the message, redemption by power, he said, I am positive of this one thing, amen, that God will have a church without spot, without wrinkle or blemish. Another place he said, I am positive, sure this morning, that if men and women could only get into the position of where their soul, their thinking, and their attitudes, Amen, would be perfect in the sight of God. He said that would be one of the most powerful churches, amen, that ever existed. Amen. When you get your thinking, your soul, and your attitude, Amen, in line with the word of God, Amen, in the sight of God, then that is going to release you, Amen, to be the most powerful church on the face of the earth. He said if the church of the living God which is the pillar of truth, he said God intended, amen, that this church to be a powerful church, amen, a glorious church, a church, amen, that the whole world could look upon, Amen, as a bride of Christ, well expected and espoused. Now listen young people. Amen. To live in such an atmosphere. Amen. Not visit that atmosphere. Amen. but to live in such an atmosphere and to conduct itself in such a way that God would be proud of this church. Amen. To present it to Christ at the coming of the Lord. I say to you tonight, the message of the hour, amen, came by the Malachi for Elijah. It came for one purpose that is to move you into the atmosphere, amen, of expectation. This message come, amen, to grip you. It come to move you. It come to elect you. It come to capture you. It come to apprehend you. It come to select you. Amen. To be a participant, amen, in the rapture and in the resurrection. Listen, the message of the hour came, amen, to set you an expectation for what God has promised in his word to be fulfilled in your life. I want to tell that devil tonight, amen, there is a church of the living God that is on the face of the earth tonight. And we're not a powerless church. We're not a formal church. We're not a lukewarm, watered down, sour church. We are a powerful church because God has revealed, amen, his mind to this age. Hey, when I think about this church, how can I speak of you and not speak of Jesus's forecast in the book of Luke 24 when he said, "Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you." Amen. But tear ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued, amen, with power from on high. Listen to what he said in the Amplified Bible. I am sending the promise of my father. Amen. The Holy Spirit upon you, but you are to remain in the city of Jerusalem. Now listen, until you are clothed or you are fully equipped, amen, with power from on high. In the emphatic dagot, he said, "Behold, I send forth the promise of my father upon you." Amen. But remain you in the city. Amen. until you are invested, amen, with power from on high. So the promise of the father, amen, was the coming of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now listen, it was going to do more than just make you speak in tongues. It was going to do more than just make you shout. It was going to do more than just make you dance. But the Holy Ghost was prophesied, amen, to be your equipment, amen, to whip the devil in the age you're living in. The Holy Ghost was prophesied, amen, to be the investment of God. Listen. Amen. Listen. I'll just say this. Amen. God has invested in you, young people. Amen. He has invested in you. He has invested you his word. He has invested in you his power. He has invested in you his ability. You say, "What is that power?" Amen. That power, amen, is the power for performing miracles. It is inherent power. It is power residing in a thing. Amen. By virtue of its nature. Amen. Let me say this. This power, amen, is not just resting upon you. This power is living in you. This is more than just the Holy Ghost on your flesh. It is more than just the Holy Ghost on your spirit. Hey, this is the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, which Paul said, Amen, would seal a man until the day of his redemption. Brother Sean, I am a firm believer if the Holy Ghost ever seals a person, they're not just sealed from one service to the next. They're not just sealed from one camp to the next, but they are sealed until the day of their redemption. Listen, if you ever get the Holy Ghost on your soul, it'll seal the devil out, and it'll seal the power of God in. It'll seal the world out. It'll seal leoty out and it'll seal the things of God into your soul. Yes, sir. You're more than just a bunch of young people gathered here this weekend. You are an army that Joel prophesied when he said there would be a restoration. And he said there would be a great army. I believe that's this army here tonight. See what God said was I will send the Holy Spirit. Amen. To fulfill the promise of the father. Jesus said you shall receive power. Amen. After that the Holy Ghost has come upon you. If we know what the Holy Ghost is, then we know what the Holy Ghost is not. Can I say this? And the Holy Ghost is the spirit of Jesus Christ in you. The Holy Ghost is the power of God that has been sent into your heart. Thank you, buddy. As a witness of the spirit, you are born again. Your life is cleaned up. The world is dead and all the stink of it is like the garlic in Egypt. You are far away from it. You are a new creature in Christ Jesus. Old things has passed away and you become new altogether. You are a new creation and you are born of the spirit. Listen, your whole members of your body is submissive to his spirit and you're moving in the Holy Ghost and you're not listening to the sound of the world. Amen. Your eyes are on heavenly things. Let me say this. It's time to get your eyes, amen, off of what this preacher's doing and what this church is doing and what this person's doing. It's time to look away at Jesus. It's time to get your eyes on the heavenly things. Listen, can I say something to you? It's time to get your eyes off your mistakes. It's time to get your eyes off your humanity. It's time to get your eyes, Amen, off of who hurt you and who disappointed you and who let you down and who It's time to get your eyes off of all of that. And it's time to turn ye northward. We have compass this mountain long enough. It's time to go to victory. It's time to go to joy unspeakable. Listen, it's time to quit looking at what has been and start looking at what will be. It's time to quit looking at what happened and start looking at what God said would happen when he poured his spirit out and people received the Holy Ghost. I know you got mistakes. I got mistakes. Brother Wendle stood here today and said since he got the Holy Ghost, made mistakes, fallen short. Amen. Any preacher tell you they ain't made a mistake, I'll go help you tell you what they are. They're a liar. Amen. Cuz they're humans. But can I say this? We have a sacrifice. Hey, we have an atonement. We have an advocate with the father. And I tell you what it's time to do. It's time to quit looking at your mistakes and start looking at your sacrifice. Brother Bram said, "As long as we look back, amen, to what we was." Somebody say, "What we was." As long as we look back to what we was, he said the sacrifice means nothing to us. Well, we might as well preach on that point. As long as you're looking back, Amen. to when you was this and you was that and you was doing this and and maybe some of you young people right now say, "Well, I don't have all that to look back at." But I'll say this. Amen. Our young people face things, amen, in this age that generations never faced. Amen. But let me say this. If you can get your eyes, amen, off of your past and get it on your atonement, then you'll begin to see your future. Brother Ram said, "See, look what that day on Calvary did for you." So the Holy Ghost then is not power, amen, from the church. It's not power from the bishop. Amen. The Holy Ghost, Amen, is power from on high. Let me say this. The Holy Ghost is not a handshake. Hey, the Holy Ghost is not a church letter. Amen. The Holy Ghost is not putting your name on a church book or or going to a certain church. Amen. The Holy Ghost, Amen, is the literal life of Jesus Christ. Amen. tabernacling on the inside of you and demonstrating to the world that our God is not in a grave in Jerusalem. Neither is he in a tomb in Jeffersonville. But the same Lord Jesus that walked the shores of Galilee. Brother Judah is right here tonight. And he's here and he's not here on his way to Calvary. He's already been to Calvary. He's not here on his way to deliver you. He's already delivered you. He's not here on his way to die for you. He's already died for you. It's time to open your eyes and accept the revelation. It's a finished work. And there ain't no devil coming. Ain't no devil here. And there ain't no devil that's been here that can defeat a son and daughter of God on their way to meet a promise of God. Yeah, I believe it. I believe the Holy Spirit is an experience of being filled and endued with power for service. Brother said it very beautiful. His spirit is in you. And I'll say this. You say, "Well, I've been baptized and amen. I I've been I've been seeking the Holy Ghost." Let me tell you this. God is under obligation, amen, to give every believer the Holy Ghost. And you say, "Well, I don't know if he wants to." Thank God for a prophet. He said he's more willing to give it to you than you are to receive it. He said, "For God is under obligation." Amen. To fulfill his word. Can I say this to you? In the book of Acts, the second and third chapter, you will find a little word that is very much overlooked today. It's called repentance. Amen. It's something hardly nobody wants to do anymore cuz everybody's right. Everybody's motive is right. Ain't nobody wrong no more. Amen. But let me tell you what the Bible said. The Bible said, "You shall repent of your sins and you shall be baptized and you shall receive the Holy Ghost." So that tells me there was a repentance that was preceding a receiving of the Holy Ghost. In Acts chapter 3, the Bible said that Jesus would be preached unto you. Amen. And the same Jesus that was here before would be preached again, but this time it would be, Amen. a refreshing from the presence of the Lord. But I love what he says. He said, "But repent that your sins would be blotted out, that when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord, then ye shall be refreshed." Oh, I say this. Amen. It's time to repent of the thing and it's time to go on. It's time to quit walling in it and laying around in it and trying to figure out how you got in it. Hey, there is a blood and there is an atonement and there is a sea of forgetfulness. You know what the sea of forgetfulness is? It's the blood of Jesus Christ. And if your sins are in the sea of God's forgetfulness, it's time to turn your shoes, amen, from sad shoes, amen, to shouting shoes, it's time to turn your sorrow into joy. You have been repented of. You have been forgiven. Now it's time to receive a refreshing from the presence of God. Yes, sir. Amen. There is a reason why Satan wants to stop that repentance because he knows the next thing after a repentance is power. The next thing after a repentance is power. The devil knows if you thoroughly repent and believe on the Lord and you don't receive the Holy Ghost, then you make God a liar. What a prophet said. But I love what my Bible said. God is not a man that he should lie and neither is he the son of man that he should repent. Can I say this to you? You don't have to wait five minutes after repentance to receive that power. You don't have to wait 5 seconds after a repentance to receive that power. Come on man by the gate of beautiful. You've been laying there for years. But the minute God healed him, he didn't have to wait five more minutes in that condition. Immediately he received strength and he stood up on his feet. Well, I'll say this. There is a young person here tonight that's been sitting there in a repented condition long enough. It's time to get up and put your shoes on. Put your clothes on, Peter. It's time to walk out of the prison house of condemnation. It's time to walk out of the prison house of guilt. You are an eagle. And you were not born for that prison house. You were born for the heavenlies. Stay down there and cluck around if you want to, but there's some eagles here tonight that were born for heavenly places. They were born to soar in the unknowns with Almighty God. I ain't staying down there any longer. I was born for heavenly places. I was born to experience the power of God. I was born to shout. I was born to dance. I was born to run around the sanctuary. I was born to march the walls of Jericho down. I know who I am. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You say, "What are you talking about?" I'll say, "This power belongs to God." Do you know the Bible says he divided the seas by his power? Do you know the Bible said that, brother, he holds the mountains in place by his power. Now, come on, church. There ain't no rebar out there holding Mount Everest. There ain't there ain't no There ain't no walls holding the Atlantic Sea and the and the Pacific Ocean in their place. The power of God is doing it. Can I say what a prophet said? He said, "Who's got more power than God?" He said, "So what kind of power have you got over you to take care of you? The whole powers that created the universe." My goodness. You say, "Brother Andrew, there's no way I can live this." Well, go tell the mountains there's no way they can stay in their position. You know why they're in their position? Because they're not holding themselves. They were in gold. They were girded. They were equipped by the power of God to stay in their position. I want to tell every long tongue devil tonight. There is a power of God that has returned to the church of God. Satan, you might have moved other generations, but this is a Caleb and Joshua generation. And you could better move the mountains than you can move one of these young people. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You say, "Why are you saying this?" I'll say what a prophet said. He said, "There I was in my room and he said, the power of God swept in there." You know what it said? Pick up your pen and write. He said, "I pick up my pen and begin to write and this is what I wrote. The virgin, the members of the virgin bride, they will love him." Are you ready for this? And they will have his potentials for he is their head and all power belongs to him. They are subject to him as the members of our body. Amen. Are subject to our heads. Let me say this. The potentials of God is on the inside of every believer. And let me just say it very plainly. It's one thing if there's just two or three here, but if there's a hundred or 200 or 300 or 500. Amen. Can I say this? Amen. What power is in this building tonight? I'll tell you what kind of power is in this building is the same power that stepped out on the invisible platform and said, "Let there be a sun. Let there be a moon. Let there be creation." Hey, that same power of deity has dropped down into every Holy Ghost healed believer. It's time to step up on the invisible platform and look that devil in the face and say, "Enough is enough. You have held me as long as you're going to hold me. Bitterness has controlled me as long as it's going to control me. Hatred and unforgiveness has controlled me as long as it's going to control me. I am a part of an unlimited generation. Hallelujah. The power of God is upholding all things by the word of his power. Now, I just got to say it the way I believe it. We are not partially equipped. We are not halfway equipped. Let me say this. God don't call the equipped. Oh, but he sure equips the called. You say, "Brother Andrew, there ain't no way God could ever use me." You're exactly right. If you're equipped, but if you're not equipped, come on up on the invisible platform and stand there as a son of God. You say, "Brother Andrew, there's no way that God can use me to sing." Amen. There's no way. I know the devil says this. He said, "Well, you got the potentials of God, but your mistakes are hindering those potentials." But there is a blood, folks. There is a repentance. There is a forgiveness. We're not a bunch of Catholics. Amen. going from one camp to another. Listen, I'll just say it. Our youth camps are not purgatory. It's not where you come and and try to pay for what you've done. It's a place of transformation. It's a place of liberty. It's a place for rejoicing. It's a place for praise. It's a place for worship. I say, God, forsake the day that we ever get to a place that we lose the liberty to praise. Amen. The God of the impossible. That we lose the liberty. Amen. To worship in the liberty wherewith we have been called. I'm going to go ahead and say it or I'm going to bust. I am sick and tired of that devil trying to balance praise, trying to balance worship, trying to balance the Holy Ghost. Somebody say, "Well, we got church order." You're exactly right. But church order did not come to put the Holy Ghost in order. Church order did not come, amen, to restrict the movement of the Holy Ghost. Church order come to bind the devil that tries to bring anything in the church, amen, contrary to the message of the hour. God don't call the eclipt. Oh, but he sure eclipse the called. What are you saying? I'm saying there's only two powers. There's only two kingdoms in the universe. Now, regardless of all the differences, the prophet of God said there's God's power and there's Satan's power. He said every war, every disorder, everything that comes along is either controlled, amen, by God's power or by Satan's power. He said, now there's the power of life. Amen. And then there is the power of death. He said, "Now Satan, his power that he's got is the perverted power of God." I love to read this quote to him. He says, "It isn't no real power." The devil's power isn't no real power. It's a perversion of God's power. See, everything Satan has is a perversion. So, we are sitting here today. Amen. and one or the other powers is going to control us. Now, let me say this, this message is a message of restoration. So, all the way back in the beginning, brother Carter, God promised to restore the original power. But here's what he said. I will restore, sayeth the Lord, amen, all the years. Jehovah Gyrus 64. Now, let me show you what a prophet said. He said, I will send back another church. Did I read that right? I will send back another church in the last days. I will restore that original power again. In the evening time it shall be light. Listen folks, this power was going to be restored. Amen. Not in just book form, not in just paid form. It was going to be restored in flesh form, which is the church of the living God. Let me say this. Original power is real power. He said there's been so much mockery in every phase of religion, but there is a real power of the Holy Spirit that delivers the human being from the bondage of sin. There is a real power of the Holy Spirit that delivers the sufferer from his suffering. Hey, I love how Brother says stuff. He said, "I'm so sick and tired of human philosophy. I want to see the real power of God demonstrate and move among his people that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Proving himself. You said, "Brother Andrew, what is the real power?" The real power of the resurrected Christ. Amen. Is the real Pentecostal blessing. Listen, saints, it is the confirmation of the resurrection. When you receive the Holy Ghost, you are receiving a confirmation of the resurrection. See, now now I want to slow down and say this. The world has the wrong understanding of what power is. Remember said, how could Satan take that man and could be a god and how he could say that man could take the challenge of a priest and let a drunken soldier spit in his face? He said, "Today we got the wrong conception of power." He said, "Power is overcoming." Listen, it's returning good for evil. So power is overcoming returning good for evil. He said that's real power. He said they can love your enemy and can do good to those that do evil to you. Amen. That's real power. Amen. That's God's power. Amen. So here it is. The real power of God. Amen. Is with the mechanics and the dynamics. Now I want to say this to you. Amen. The devil, amen, has a perverted power. Amen. But God has, Amen, a real power. As a matter of fact, he is the real power. Can I say it like this? Amen. Satan's power is limited. The power of Satan is limited, but the power of God is unlimited. What are you saying? Can I show you something? The prophet God said way back before the foundation of the world when Satan perverted to evil. But God being infinite, he looked down to the stream of time and he saw the end. He saw fornowledge. If he don't know all things, then you have a limited God. You've made him finite like you and I. But let's just shout it aloud. Okay? But God is unlimited. Hey, hallelujah. God is unlimited. He said God's power, God's knowledge, everything. He is the omnipotent God. Do you believe that? You say, "Brother Drew, Amen. Satan's power is not limited." Oh, yes it is. And I want to say something else. It limits you. The power of Satan is a limited power. But it also limits you. Y'all ever been in a service, Amen. And the power of God's moving and the Holy Ghost is falling and all of a sudden the anointing breaks out. Amen. And the service reaches a certain height. Amen. And the preacher keeps preaching and then it's like it never goes any higher for you. Amen. Can I say something to you? Amen. There are things in our lives that can limit us from going to the next level. Oh my. There are things in our heart that can limit us from going to the next level. But let me say this. Amen. God is unlimited. When you look at this word limited, it is restricted in size. It is restricted in amount or extent. It is few. It is small. It is short. It is of a person that is not great in ability or talents. I love the word unlimited. Amen. It's having an infinite number of solutions. Amen. So when something is limited, it can only go so far. When something is limited, it can only perform so far. But when something is unlimited, there is no restrictions on how far it can go. When something is unlimited, you cannot drown them in the Red Sea. You cannot block them behind the walls of Jericho. You cannot kill him in the lion's den. You cannot burn him in the fiery furnace. You cannot destroy him in the bulling grease on the aisle of Patmas. There is nothing you can do. Amen. To a God who is unlimited. Wherever you put him, he will be the unlimited God in your life. Now I know what we say. We say our God is unlimited. And we shout hallelujah. Our God is unlimited. Hallelujah. Well, let me say what a prophet said. He said if you can limit God, then you can limit Christ. And if you limit the church today in its possibilities, listen, you are limiting Christ. When you limit God, you're limiting Christ. And when you limit Christ, you are limiting the church. Because all that was in God, he poured into Christ. And all that is in Christ, he has poured into the church. Now, can I just say it? If God is in you, oh God, if God is in you by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that tells me you are an unlimited generation. If God is in you by the power of God, you are unlimited. Can I say this? There is no restriction on the places you can go in God. There is no time limits. There is no Oh, hallelujah. Are you hearing me? Amen. The devil right now is trying to keep it down cuz he's told you your mistakes won't let you go and your family history won't let you go. But I want to say this, that devil is a liar. And I will not back up. I will not lay down. I will not let that devil tell you one more second that you're limited because of the things of your past. You're limited because of your family tree. I want to tell you about another tree. It was on Mount Calvary. And when our Lord hung on that tree, he removed the limits, amen, off of your life by the blood that he shed. Well, you're unlimited. Well, glory to God. You're unlimited. You say, "But brother Andrew, this is the time of the Gentiles." Well, I know it is. And the Bible said until the time of the Gentiles be fulfilled. Brother said, "Shocking, isn't it?" Amen. To know that we have, Amen, a limited time. Can I say this? The Gentile, how many knows your Gentiles? I I know it's a day and time where everybody does their family history and they find 2.2% of a decimal of Jewish blood and all of a sudden they're Moses and Elijah in Revelations 11. But let's just bring it back down to earth. Okay, we're Gentiles and the only reason we're here is because of the blood of Calvary. Can I say it to you very plainly? Even though we're Gentiles and we have a limited time, that does not restrict an unlimited God. The Gentiles limited time does not restrict a unlimited God. Reb said this. He said, "You try to limit God to your theology and you try to limit God," I love how he says this. He says, "To your my way of thinking." So, he wasn't just putting it on the people. He said, "But sometimes the way I think, Amen, will limit God." But let me say what the Bible said. The Bible said, "My thoughts are not your thoughts, and neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord." Amen. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, Amen. So are my ways higher than yours. I love this. And my thoughts, Amen, are higher than your thoughts. I want to say it as plain as I know how. An unlimited God sent an unlimited message to reveal an unlimited power. The church is always looking back. He said, "But let's look up for their powers are limited. But we have unlimited power. For all things are possible to them that believe in God." What are you saying, preacher? An unlimited God with unlimited power revealed by an unlimited message has produced an unlimited revival. I'm going to say it or I'm going to bust. Brother Wendle, this revival ain't over when we go home. This revival ain't over until Louisiana and then it starts again at True Word and then it picks up at Bethl. No, this is an unlimited revival. It burns at camp. It burns at home. Listen, because it's not a man, which is a finite restricted being on the inside of you. It is the unlimited God on the inside of you. Let me say this. I was preaching the other day on this thought and I've been praying about it and I've been studying and I've been seeking the Lord and I was just riding down the road listening to a tape and the spirit of the Lord just spoke in my heart and said tell them young people this message is the only thing that they're unlimited in. I said, "Lord, where am I going to find that?" Then I got to looking. Do you realize if you get in sports and I'm just going to go ahead and take a I'm going to take a sword to that devil. Amen. Because when in God's name did we start promoting sports so much that we ain't even got time to read the Bible cuz we're trying to keep up with some sports bracket or we're trying to see who out beats who. Hey, you're looking at one preacher that will not lay down and say it's okay to put our kids at the altar of sports. If you want to play it, that's between you and God. But I'll say this, you better be careful cuz there's a spirit behind that thing and it'll drive you into a nervous condition. Oh, I might as well pre have some liberty, brother Wendle. Amen. We made influences out of out of out of ball players that lived with three and four women and married four and five times and got more money than they got since and got babies by more women they know. And we've raised these people up in our kids' eyes. I say, God, it may get quiet, but I'll preach through it. I say, God, forgive us for the day that we raised up Hollywood sports stars as influences over the lives of our young people. I say in the name of the Lord, tear them down. Tear every sports star down. Tear every singer down and lift up the rock. Lift up the message of the hour. Let Christ come into your soul. He'll make you unlimited. The only place you're unlimited is in this message. You want me prove it to you? You want me to prove it to you? Okay. Start your career in baseball. You'll start out at a tea bowl and you'll stand there and you won't you'll hit the tee and the ball will drop three inches and mom will say, "Woo, look at my boy." And then you'll move up to pitching machine and you'll miss it 10 times and still get a trophy. Look at Oh god, I'm getting in trouble. Sure as a world, brother Sean. Amen. Then you go from pitching machine, amen, up to up to minor leagues, amen, and you play in that little league rather, and man, you're just the allstar. And then you might get good enough to make a traveling team and then that runs out. And then you make a minor league as you get an adult and then that runs out. And then one day everything you've been striving for is when Major League Baseball calls you and says, "We've selected you." Amen. To play on our team. And guys go out there, hey, that devil don't like it, but I don't care. Guys go out there and they blow their knees, break their backs, break their necks. Amen. Bump their heads. And they play in this for so many years. And then one day they say, "You're too old to play. Amen. Here's your check. Go home. Do you see? You finally made it, but you're still limited. But there is a message that you can be born into as a child. You can climb up into the powers of God. You can climb up into the wisdom of God. You can climb up into the revelation of God. And when you get old, it ain't over. Because one of these mornings, the power that saves you and the power that redeems you is going to change your body. And the gray hairs are going to turn back black again. And the stoop shoulders are going to straighten up. Hear me tonight, young people. This message has made you an unlimited generation. There is no limits on you. There is no limits on you. Now, I know what you're saying. You're saying, "Brother Andrew, I don't know about that." Can I tell you what you're bouncing against right now? You're bouncing against the sound barrier. But that sound barrier knows if you can just break it. The reason the devil tries to cause you to fall apart is he knows if you just break the sound barrier, he can't do nothing with you. He knows if you just get beyond all the youth camp gossip and all the he said, she said, they like me, he did, if you get past all of that and you finally get over against that sound barrier and you begin to believe the word of God, you will begin to break the sound barrier. How many's ever been in an airplane? You get in that airplane. I've been I've I've flown many times and and you know you get an airplane and you ride to the airport and you go about 55 65 or 95 if you're running late. No, I'm just kidding. You go about 45 55 60 and you just kind of ride along, you know, and then you get in the airplane and you get seated down and you put your your seat belt buckle on and you get all comfortable and all of a sudden the pilot gets out there and he says, "We're going to go out here and we're going to take off." and you ride out on the tarmac about the same speed that you rode the the the airport in. You just kind of coast along and bump around and and then all of a sudden, brother Ronnie, that pilot pulls the propeller. And when he begins to pull the propeller, you begin to speed up and all of a sudden you start going 100 miles an hour and then you start going 150 and then you go 200. You know what? I have never I've never been on an airplane, Brother Sam. and you're climbing up and and the things start shaking and lights start flashing and seat belt buckles start coming on and all these bo uh noises are dinging. Brother Timothy, I have never got up and walked up to my out of my seat to the cockpit and said, "Mr. Pilot, would you slow this thing down? Would you slow it back down to about 45 or 50? If I wanted to go 50 miles an hour, I'd have stayed in the Baptist church. If I just wanted to go a 100 miles an hour, I would have stayed in the Pentecostal church. But I knew I was born to go fast. I knew I was born to be unlimited. Listen, folks. If I wanted to go 10 miles an hour, I'd still be riding a horse and buggy. If I wanted to go 50, I would still be in a car. If I wanted to go 200, I would still be in an airplane. But because I am an astronaut, I have broke out of time space. There ain't no restrictions on how high this revival of the word can go in the church of the living God. If you can see it, you can go to it. Now, Brother Ram said it very beautiful. He said, "You get up there and you break through. You've been struggling and struggling and struggling and struggling and I don't know I can't. I think I can. No, I can't." He said, "I could. She said I can't. And you're just struggling." But until you break through and the Holy Ghost comes upon you, he said there's about 50 miles of elbow room. I'm sorry, brother Jonah. I'm the guy. I've got to know what elbow room means. So, I took time to look it up. Elbow room is space that is adequate. Amen. To move, to operate, and to work in. I said, "Well, I can find that in the message." When you get some elbow room, he said the Holy Ghost will operate in the church the same way it did on the day of Pentecost. When I heard him say move, he said, "Thus sayaith the Lord, the move is home for the bride." When I heard him say work, I've done read John 14:12. And he said, "Greater works than this shall I do." But I might as well say it. If anybody needs a campground this size, is the bride of Jesus Christ. If anybody needs a sanctuary, amen, this size, a bunch of young people is the bride of Jesus Christ. We ain't under some denominational, amen, restriction of some idea. We are freeborn, free sworn. Hey, sons and daughters of God. I say, give me some elbow room or get out of my way. I didn't come to play church. I come to have church. I'm going to break through the struggles. I'm going to break through the depression. I'm going to break through the nervousness. I'm going to break through the anxiety. I'm going to break through the complexes. I'm going to break through the fear. I have been born to be an unlimited generation. Slow down. No, I got a hold of the propeller and I'm not letting off. Slow down. I refuse. I know the potentials of God is in you to go there. Slow down. I refuse. I've done called a vision of the unlimited God. And I heard a prophet say upon the authority of God's word, there is no limit to the faith of God that he left for his church because he said all things are possible to them that believe. Now, I just got to say it. We're speaking of the true church, right? We're speaking of an unlimited generation. Brother Brim said it like this. He said the seventh church age messenger was to restore the faith of the children back to the fathers. In other words, he would rebuild the church again under the power of the spirit. What is spiritual revelation? It is that the message sent to you is the person of Jesus Christ. I want to say this. God sent this message of the hour to enlighten the eyes of your understanding. Now I'll say it like the Bible said, "And you must receive it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually workketh also in you that believe." Did not Jesus say, "All things are possible to them that believe?" And here Paul says, "If you can believe the word as the word of God and not the word of man, that word will begin to work in you." Can I say this to you? That word is the message of the hour. And I want to say it very plainly. This is a fiery message. It don't work good around icicles. It's a fiery message. And I know I know I've heard it. People say, Grammax actually said it in 1963, he said, "Well, the people might say our church, our brethren, they say the cooling off of the message and so forth." Now, I just love a good theological Amen. philosopher answer to that and answer that statement. The message is cooling off. It ain't cooled off. The message is cooled off. It ain't cooled off. You know why? The church is cooling off, but the message ain't cooled off. Now, I'm just going to go ahead and get it out there in the open, young people, because people say some pretty dumb things. They I'm sorry that probably wasn't politically correct. They say things like, "Let's get people to Christ and then let's get them to the message." That is the greatest insult I think I have ever heard laid upon this message. You mean to tell me you're saying this message is something different from Christ? I rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus Christ. This message ain't different from Christ. This message is Christ. And I tell you why they say that is because they haven't seen the opening of the word for their hour. Oh, but if you ever see the word is open, if you ever hear the eagle scream, if you ever start chewing on the heavenly man, you'll start hearing from your theophony and you'll start climbing up out of depression. You'll start climbing up out of teenage pressures. You'll climb up on into the realms where God is and all things are possible. I'll say this very plainly. We're not following the ideas of a man. We're following the vindicated word of God. And the message of the hour, amen, has revealed an unlimited God in an unlimited generation. And it has lit an expectation in us that what we read in the word can be fulfilled in our lives. Now I just want to say what this word lit means. It means ignited. It means set on fire. And it means burning. Ho ho ho. When you have been lit, you have been ignited. You have been set on fire and you're burning. When you've been lit with an expectation, that means you have a strong belief. Now, Brother said it very beautiful. He said, "Wherever you go, whatever you do, what you expect brings your faith." If you come saying, "Well, there's nothing to it, that's just the way you'll go back home with nothing to it." If you come tonight saying, "Well, if I don't get prayed for, I'll go home and won't be healed." That's just the way you'll come. But if you come here tonight saying, "I come for one sole purpose, that is to contact Christ for my body and my soul, you will go home just as happy as you can be for you'll contact him." Can I say it? No matter what the opposition looks like, Christ is the answer. Faith brings Christ. He said, "Faith knows no defeat. Faith is perfect. Faith brings things when there's no things to be brought. Faith creates. Faith takes doubt away. It takes negative and makes it positive. Oh, faith is not a mythical something that is mentally worked up. It's an absolutely fundamental result. Amen. That happens in a person's heart. He said, "But faith must have a foundation." You cannot just lay faith on feelings. Feelings are shifting sands. You cannot just lay faith on emotions. They're shifting sands. So the foundation of our faith, it must be a revelation. And when the foundation of our faith is a I'm feeling good, is a revelation, then we can expect the impossible. Well, I don't know about you young people, but I come here this weekend expecting the impossible. I come expecting the impossible. You say, "Brother Andrew, it can't happen." It's already happening. Brother Andrew, it can't happen. Can I just say this to you? Think up in your mind the most wildest, craziest thing that can happen. And I tell you this, God will do it 10 times better because my Bible says with God nothing shall be impossible. He said, "If thou cast believe, all things are possible." Let me say what he said here. You say, "Well, brother Andrew, brother, I bring myself in. All things are possible with God." Let me say what he said. All things are possible to you, to them that believe. Do you believe that? I say this. God's power to perform the impossible is not coming. God's power to perform the impossible is here. When I say that, what I mean is this. The leadership of God has come to this age. He said, I believe in leadership, but it's not leadership of men. I believe in the leadership of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Coming through the word. I believe also that God has set men in the church who are gifted by the spirit and they will keep the church in order. But here it is. By one spirit are they all baptized into one body. Listen. And everyone is to be moved upon by the Holy Ghost. Are you ready for this? And everyone is to participate in the worship of God. Everyone is to be moved upon by the Holy Ghost. And everyone is to participate in the worship of God. You say, "Well, Brother Andrew," Amen. I don't shout or I don't cry or I don't run or I stand up and scream. Amen. I'll just I'll just get it out there and say it and I'm going I'm I probably probably hurt some feelings, but what's new? Amen. Somebody say, "Well, we should shout. We shouldn't. We should dance. We shouldn't. We should sing. We shouldn't. We should preach. We should play a tape. We should do this." And all these things. And before long, you're like a robot. You don't know what to do. Should I sit? Should I? Should I run? Should I cry? Can I just go ahead and say it? Let the church be the church. And let God be God. If you feel like shouting, shout. If you feel like running, run. I say, "Let the shouters shout." I say, "Let the dancers dance." I say, "Let the tongue talkers talk. Let the preachers preach. Let the singers sing. Let the musicians play. Let the church have church again." I say, "Take off the restrictions and praise God till the Holy Ghost calls and lives are changed." Oh, I rebuke that ungodly, cold, formal devil that's trying to grip this meeting tonight. I rebuke it in the name of Jesus. I say, Satan, take your hands off of the young people. You are ex You are a liar and we dismiss you. We were born to enjoy the house of God. Can I Can I say it? Can I say it? The spirit of God makes a difference, church. The spirit of God makes the difference. You say, "What are you saying?" I'm going to say what Paul said. He said, "Quench not the spirit." Quench not the spirit. In other words, don't you quench the fire of God. Don't you stifle the divine influence. Now, I'll just say this. Amen. What is influencing you? I'm going to make it real simple, okay? You feel the Holy Ghost on you and you're ready to praise and something comes by and says, "Don't do it." Can I make it very plain? That's the [Music] devil. You hear the word of God and something speaks in your heart and something begins to pulsate and said, "That's me. It's my night for a healing. It's my night for deliverance." And that word says, "Get up on your feet and receive it." And that devil comes by and says, "No, sit down." I'm going to tell you who that is. That's the devil. But if you're a son of God, you're an unlimited child of God. And if God begins to move on your heart, it ain't the time to pull back. It's the time to go forward. It's the time to push. It's the time to praise. I know sometimes things get on us. But I'll tell you, there ain't nothing like praising the devil off. There ain't nothing like stomping on the devil's head. Sometimes you just got to start shouting all by yourself. Sometimes you got to say, "Devil, you rode on my back as long as you're going to ride. You've condemned me as long as you're going to condemn me. I am a son of God. I am a daughter of God and God is in me and I refuse to be restricted any longer by your finite limited ideas. I say this, what's leading you now? I'll tell you what's leading this bride. Amen. Is the pillar of fire. I said it before, I'll say it again, brother Sean. It ain't the pillar of ice. It's the pillar of fire. And I'll tell you this much. Amen. If you want fire in your church, preach this message. If you want fire in your church, preach this message. Brother said, "The pillar of fire returning back." He said, "See, if God's going to lead the church or man's going to lead it," he said, "If man leads it, God pulls his church out and the pillar of fire moves on." I'll say this as plain as the prophet said it. He said, "The church, the great Pentecostal revival is now ceasing. We see it everywhere. The last great move. The message has went forth. Everything's ready now. The church is sealed away. The wicked are doing more wicked. The churches are becoming more churchy. Listen. And the saints are coming closer to God. Somebody say, "Well, we need to get some worship." Y'all, there's a song they sing and they I'm going to get in trouble. Sure as well. People get so proud. Well, I'm a Pentecostal. I'm a Pentecostal. I'm a Pentecostal. Well, I listen to a prophet and I heard him say today, he said, "People are so staked down. They say, "I'm a Pentecostal." He said, "Well, that's good. They say there ain't nothing more coming." He said, "I'm sorry you got such low ambitions." He said, "I've got high ambitions. I've got high anticipations. I'm not going back to restricted revival where there's got to be a specific preacher in the pull pit before God can do something. I'm not going back to some man trying to discern my future and tell me who I should marry and where I should go to church and who I should follow. I refuse. I have been liberated by the unlimited God. I have climbed up out of the Pentecostal age. I'm standing on Mount Zion where there's an unlimited revival, where there's an innumerable amount of angels. Come on, young people. Can I say this? Can I say this? The ministry is not a talent show. And I Oh, God. Listen, if you're a young man and God's calling you to preach, I say God bless you. I say, "But God never, amen, let you become so puffed up that you think everybody's got to hear you and everybody's got to see you and because somebody rejects you, I'm getting a little loose here." Amen. I'll say this. We need some men of God. We don't Can I say it? We got enough preachers. We need some ministers. Anybody can preach a sermon. Anybody can put some notes and quotes together. But it takes a burden of the Holy Ghost. And I say if you're a young man here and God has called you to preach, I pray he lays such a burden on your heart for souls. If you preach the fire, well, I might as well, Brother Sean, get on the dozer and doze through it. Are you hearing me? Amen. This ain't about who can outreach who and who can get who on their feet and who can get who running. It's about preaching the word until somebody recognizes that their humanity can no longer limit them in the message of the hour. I better move on. I'll get in trouble. This ain't about a talent show. It's about taking the message and helping people. And you ain't ready to preach to five. You ain't ready to preach to 500. Well, glory to God. Somebody shout aloud. Hey, I'm talking about an unlimited generation. I'm talking about wherever God put you. If he put Okay, Brother Wendle, can I preach? If he puts you in a church of five, be faithful. If he puts you in a church of 50, be faithful. If he puts you in a church of a thousand, be faithful. Come on. I refuse to lay down this message and let Pentecostalism invade our churches. It is of the devil and it don't belong in a message church. We have come to the word and the word alone. Well, I tell you, if my pastor preached like so and so, I'd get behind him. I say shame on you. If your pastor is preaching this message, I pray God take you from the floor to the back door and cause you to get behind the man of God and say amen to the word of God. Well, I got my sword out. I might as well cut that devil's head off. Well, my church ain't like so and so's church. This ain't a bunch of copycats. We ain't trying to all be like the same church. This is a mystical body of Jesus Christ. Listen, wherever God put you, you are unlimited. If you're in Paul knee, you're unlimited. If you're in Blackburg, you're unlimited. If you're in Ohio or Arkansas or Tennessee or Canada or Africa or India, this is an unlimited revival. I say, let it burn. Let it burn. Let it burn our churches. Let it burn our homes. It's more than emotion, folks. It's revelation. Well, somebody praise God. Somebody shout that old devil of personalities out of the building. I hate that devil with everything within me. You say, "Hate's a strong word." It ain't strong enough for the way I feel about that devil that limits visions and limits God and limits his I just tell you something. If you preach this message, God will send somebody to listen to it. I've used it around the world, Brother Son. I'm going to use it here tonight. I remember when you started those tent meetings. Amen. I remember when it didn't, it looked impossible. Amen. But the first year, Amen. God sent about 700 folks, amen, over there to hear the word and watch it grow. You say, "What are you saying?" Can I say this? Amen. I'll say this as plain as I know how. This is not about personalities in the message. This is not about who's who and who can outreach who and who can have a bigger meeting. I say this, if you're willing to do something for God's kingdom and fake tabernacles stepped down and they were willing to do something for the kingdom of God in the middle of a pandemic and God has put his hand on that. Brother Wendle, we didn't get here because one day you woke up and decided to have a youth camp, but somewhere you thought it out, somewhere you prayed through. And here we're standing tonight on an unlimited platform. I know you may think I'm crazy. I'm going to say it or I'm going to bust. Devil, you've lost. Devil, you've lost. This is a new generation. We don't care about who's who. We just care about one thing. We want to preach the message until the power of God falls and the anointing destroys the yoke of the enemy and somebody realizes there is a place I can go in God. Well, brother Andrew, I'm this little old singer and I sing in my church and and I don't know how in the world I got on this, but here I here we go. And I just, you know, I get up there and sing. And when I sing, ain't nobody hardly claps and ain't nobody hardly rejoices. And but Sister So and So gets up and singing. They ask her to sing, "What's up with all this nonsense? What's up with all of it? This ain't about who can out sing who." Listen, I don't care how great you perfect your pitch. I don't care how good you get your tones. If the anointing aid in your singing, it ain't going to help nobody. I'd rather you be so far off key you wouldn't know it if you met it in a 10acre field. But let the anointing of God accompany the gift of God in your life. Unlimited. And the only thing that took us there was the message. Want me prove it to you? Go to a denominational church. You'll be limited. How much money you got, what family you come out of, how big is your education, what size house you live in, what kind of standing do you have in society. But over here in this message, there's a bunch of nobodies get together, but we have a good time. Brother Nathaniel, we have a good time cuz we're all the same. We ain't got the same bank account. We ain't got the same car. We don't live in the same kind of house, but we got the same kind of God. And we've all been saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I say come on over here where there's an unlimited revival and it's burning in the hearts of the young people. I'm just going to I'm just going to cut right to it and say it. I'm just going to say it. Okay. If you can follow this message, you're unlimited. You say, "Brother Andrew, how much power can I have my life?" As much as you can say amen to what a prophet said. How far can I go in the kingdom of God? As much as you can believe this message is as far as you can go. Some people only believe in Malachi 4. Some only believe to Revelations 5. I'm sorry. I believe all the way to the millennium because I am a child of the generation that is expecting great things. Can you believe it? Can you believe it? You say, "Brother Andrew, what are you talking about?" I'm talking about getting your eyes off of men and getting your eyes back on the message. I'm sorry, Brother Wendell. Get your eyes off of men and get your eyes back on the message. Because if you're following a man, you can only go as far as that man goes. But if you're following Christ, then you are unlimited. Now, I'll say this. You are the generation of the upright. Amen. Can I say this? You're like Israel of old. We are back underneath original headship. Brother Andrew, what is original headship? Well, here it is. It is a prophet under the pillar of fire, vindicated by the word. Let me read that again. It's a prophet under the pillar of fire, vindicated by the word. Uh, we got a picture of that. It's a prophet under the pillar of Oh, there it is. It's a prophet under the pillar of fire, vindicated by the word. So, can I say what a prophet said? He said, "All things are possible to them that can believe that." All things are possible to them that can believe that. And if you can believe it, if you can believe it, then whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Hallelujah. Whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. If you can believe that, you're going to see great things. If you can believe that, you're going to see marvelous things. If you can believe that, God is going to whip your enemies and destroy his devices. When you're underneath a pillar of fire, you're unlimited. There ain't nohere the pillar of fire can't go. There ain't nobody the pit of fire cake. I'm sorry. I've got free and I'm soaring and I ain't slowing down. I'm free. I see it. I believe it. God led my soul to it and I'm unlimited in it. If you can believe that, you can believe God can restore your fallen brother. If you can believe that, you can believe God can bring your weward sister home. If you can believe that, you can believe God will heal your body. If you can believe that, if you can believe that, you can believe you never done it in the first place. If you can believe that, you can believe what a prophet said about you. I'm tired of believing what man thinks. I'm tired of hearing what man thinks. I've done broke out. I'm an unlimited child of God. I believe, he says, as I am led to believe. That that is the picture of the angel of the Lord who comes and does a discerning. If you can believe that. See, I know that devil right now is a little intimidated because of where we're at and what's going on. I ain't ashamed of that picture. I ain't ashamed of it, saints. It made me unlimited. Now, I'm sorry. I'm going over. Give me a few minutes. We've been led to believe what we believe. Can I tell you that? You've not been talked into believing what you believe. You have been led to believe what you believe. Led to believe is a phrase which means you've been influenced to a certain belief because of something you've seen, something you've heard, or something you've read. Oh, brother Joseph, I read that. I said, 'Oh, that's who I am. I have seen the pictures. I have read the books and I have heard the tapes and it ripped off the restrictions on my life. I just going to say it. Led to believe is usually because of a conversation. Listen, Reb said this. He said, "Don't try to push yourself. just simply believe. And what he tells me, I'll tell you. So when you're led to believe something, somebody's had a conversation. And they come and brother Joel, they tell you that conversation and you say, "I was led to believe." I'm closing, but I'm having fun. I'm done preaching. They said, "I've been led to believe by what I was told." Well, can I tell you something? Let me tell you about a vindicated conversation. Can you give me the next picture? There was a prophet on the Ohigh River and he was baptizing the 17th person. And right before he took that 17th person down, there was a pillar of fire, the same one you've seen in the previous picture, come down over the Ohio River and a voice spoke out of it and said, "As John the Baptist was sent to forrun the first coming of Christ, your message is going to forrun the second coming of Christ." You know what he did? He went around the world telling that. He went around the world saying, "I met an angel and he told me, if I'll just get the people to believe, not even cancer, not even cancer will stand in your way." I'm sorry, folks. I'm beyond hope. I believe the conversation. I believe what the pillar of fire is saying. I believe the message. Therefore, I am unlimited. I am unrestricted. Can I say it? I'm going in the rapture. I have been restricted for years, but by the message of the hour, the restrictions have been taken off. I have been cleared to go in the message. I'm not going to shout my way in the message. I'm not going to dance my way into the rapture. I'm not going to feel my way in the rapture. I'm going to believe the conversation all the way into the change. of my body. Can you give me that next picture? Brother Andrew, all we hear on these tapes is just a man saying stuff. Oh, you better be careful. You better be careful. Well, them tapes, they're just And I know I'm going over, Brother Wind. I'm sorry. them tapes, they're just they're just background noise and they're just there's some weird things on there. Some you can believe, some you can't. And and you know, we got all these tapes and it's just a man talking. He's just standing there and brother Timothy, he's just pulling stuff out of midair and whatever thought comes by, he says. And can you give me the next picture? Can you give me the previous picture? Can you give me the next picture? So what he was saying was coming from the pillar of fire. He was telling you what him and the pillar of fire talked about. Can I say it? Can I say it? You know right now there's thoughts going through this room. You know what they're looking for? They're looking for somebody to believe them. There's negative thoughts going through this room looking for somebody to believe them. There's thoughts of depression and thoughts of suicide and thoughts of condemnation and they're roaming through this building and they're looking for some feeble mind, amen, to become a transmitter for those thoughts. But I want to say, thank God, the same pillar of fire that stood between the prophet and the thought world is right here in this building tonight. And the only thing we can pick up is the mind of Christ. And he says you're free. He says you're healed. He says you're delivered. Can you believe it? If you can believe it, you become unlimited. Can you give me that last picture? Oh, they hate that one. They've done everything they can Joel to dismiss that as just a pillar of a or just some smoke from an astronaut ship. But there was a Bible I got to quit but it's it's free sword now. There there was a Bible that people had been carrying for years and didn't have a clue what they was carrying. They had been reading it for years and didn't have a clue what they was reading. But in 1962 in Sabino Canyon, there was a cloud come down and spoke to a prophet and said, "Go back east and break those seven seals." Oh, I'm feeling good. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And he went in a little room. He went into a little room and he met an angel. And the angel said, "Go tell him that the Antichrist is the white horse rider." And he went to a pull pit and said, "Here's the first seal." He went back in the room and the angel said, "Tell him what that horse rider is." And he for seven days he had a conversation about the most sacred book that you'll ever hold in your hands. On the sixth day, he went in there and he said, "There's a there's a tribulation seal." And I love this. He come out and he said, "Listen, it's tribulation, but little bride, you're not in it. But then there was a seventh conversation. I'll call it the seventh seal. It was when the mighty angel for the first time descended from the heavens to break the seven seals. And he said, "You go tell them that your message is rapturing faith. And if they can believe it, they can possess the rapture. If they can believe it, they will see their loved ones some morning between 6 and 9. I'm sorry. Stand on your feet. I'm not a crazy man. I'm an unlimited believer. The chains of restriction has been tore off. I heard a prophet. This ain't just pictures. These ain't just books. These aren't just tapes. It's a vindicated conversation. And somebody tell you they met an angel and they try to tell you what that angel told them to influence the way you believe. Be very leery. We ain't believing every angel that comes by. We got a vindicated one and he's leading you to the rapture. The devil hates this. He hates it. He hates it. But I'm going to say it. when you begin to believe. Now, I know people say, "Well, there's more to it." Well, let's just get back to saying what a prophet said. He said, "The evidence of the Holy Ghost is receiving and believing your word for that age." I'm sorry. I can't help what anybody else says. That's what a province is. Brother Bson said, "It's about time we get the people to a place where they're beginning to believe. And things are being done. Can I tell you right here tonight, as you believe this message, things are happening. As you begin to believe, right here in this building, things begin to change. You say, "Brother Andrew, I don't feel nothing. Brother Andrew, I don't see nothing." I say it all the time. I'll say it here tonight. Brother, brother Sean helped me the most in this point as a young preacher. The angel of the Lord accompanies this message always. If you'll just preach it, God will back it up. It's time to start believing. Brother Andrew, I don't feel nothing. Brother Andrew, I don't see anything. Can I tell you something? You don't have to. But a prophet said, "You better believe something." You better believe something. You better believe something stronger than your emotions. You better believe something stronger than your senses. Can I say this? The pro of God stands there. He says, "Now look, lady, do you believe with all your heart? Do you believe me to be his prophet, his servant, rather? with all your heart you believe it. Now just a moment here it is again. That's the way to believe audience. That's the way to get something from God. Now it's coming from many different places. Look here sister. You have stomach trouble. All you with stomach trouble stand to your feet right now. See there what I told you. There they are. He says let's bow our heads. Oh Lord Jesus, these demons are screaming. These demons are screaming. If you could hear in another realm right now, God, if you could hear in another realm, them demons are screaming right now. He said they're pulling. They know their time has come. They know their time has come. Are you ready for this? They know they can't get by with these things. Can I say it? They know their end is here. They know they can't get by any longer. They know their end is here. Listen what he says. Are you ready for this? Because people is now beginning to believe. Can I say it to you very plainly? When you begin to believe, the devil begins to lose. [Music] When you begin to believe the devil begins to lose, well, why don't you give him a defeat tonight? Why don't you begin to believe God is bigger and God is greater and God is [Music] stronger? When you begin to believe, the devils begin to [Music] lose. You have believed the devil's lie long [Music] enough. You've seen these pictures. You've heard these quotes. You've listened to these [Music] tapes. Can I say it tonight, young people? Can I say it right here on this Friday night? It's time to bring the devil to his end. [Music] It's time right here tonight. It's time to bring the devil to his end. I'm preaching to you right now. It's time to bring him to his end. He's run free in your life. It's time to bring him to his end. It's time to bring that devil right to his end and say, "Devil, here is where you end. I [Music] believe. I believe my name is in the lamb's book of life. I believe when the sons of God were shouting for joy, I was there with him. I believe when a prophet said when he spoke his word, deity revolved right out of God into me. I believe [Music] Heard a story one time. Man went out and raised in a poor family. No no no no no no no no resources, no means of nothing. His testimony said he grew up dirt poor. Didn't have nothing. But down in his heart he said he believed. Now this is a this is a man in the world. And he said one day is I won't give you the whole story but just to give you the the the quick version of it. He said one day he finally broke into success and he made all this money and he got all these fancy things. He began to become really popular and well known and and somebody come to him and they said sir they said we want to know your secret. We want to know your secret. How did you come from nothing to this? And he just kind of stood there and looked at him and the reporter said, "No, no, you're not understanding this." Said, "You got some kind of secret. You got you got to tell us. Can you Can you Can you tell us?" He said, she said, "No, sir." She said, "Okay, if you can't talk, can you put it in a book?" And brother Brother Timothy, he said these words. He said, "If I did, it would be the shortest book I ever wrote." She said, "What do you mean, sir?" He said, "Cuz it would only have one sentence." She said, "What's that?" He said, "This, I believed." I know the devil don't like that right now. I feel that devil, but I'm sorry. I'm standing on thus sayith the [Music] Lord. He said, "I believed." She said, "What's your secret?" "I believed." She said, "When you got depressed, what did you do?" He said, "I believed." She said, "When you were forsaken, what did you do?" He said, "I believed." She said, "When business deals failed, what did you do?" He said, "I believed." Come on, folks. That not God, that's not the power of that didn't come from the devil. The devil stole that. Let me say it to you. If the devil can do that in the natural realm, then what about right here in the spiritual realm? What is the secret to young people? I believe the message. I believe what God said about me. And if you can believe it tonight, you can walk out of the prison house. I want you bow your heart here tonight. You're unlimited. You're unlimited tonight. What's your secret? I'm going to tell you. Here's the secret of it. The word is in the bride. She has thus sayaith the Lord. Brother Andrew, what are you getting at? I'm saying this tonight. If you can begin to believe, things begin to change. You don't have to feel nothing. You don't have to see nothing. But you do have to believe something. What are you going to believe tonight? Maybe you're standing here and for years you've been believing what the devil says about you. Change what you're believing tonight. Change what you're believing. You don't have to believe depression. You don't have to believe anxiety. That complex that's plagued you and plagued generations before you that's trying to restrict you in the anointing. You don't have to believe that any longer. The unlimited God is right here in this building tonight. with every head bowed, ever eye closed. That devil that's told you because your parents' marriage failed or this marriage failed in your family, yours is going to. And that devil's trying to restrict you. He's trying to restrict your view. He's trying to restrict restrict what you believe. I rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus. You're unlimited. You're unlimited. Brother Andrew, I've made so many mistakes. I've had so many failures. I've had so many shortcomings. I'm beyond help. I come not to tell you there's an unlimited grace in this message. What's restricting you right now. The minute you quit believing it is the minute it quits restricting you. The minute you begin to believe, the minute you begin to turn your attention towards God, things begin to change. Could there be one here tonight could say, "I'm coming out of this prison of unbelief. Every head bowed, every eye closed. This complex, this inferiority, this this this anxiety, this depression, this mind battle, this perversion, this plague my life. I believed it. I believed it my last day. Today, I'm beginning to believe. I'm beginning to believe. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The altar is open tonight. God bless you, brother. The altar's open tonight. You want to come and say, "Lord, I'm changing my belief system tonight. I'm changing I'm changing what I believe. I'm going to believe this message. I'm going to believe it untampered. I'm going to believe it without restriction. I'm going to believe it without man's ideas. I'm going to believe it as thus sayith the Lord. Almighty God in this atmosphere right now of faith. Lord your prophet said it so beautifully when he stood there that night and he said now I transmit the faith of God to you to believe these things. Lord, here's the secret. Our human faith can only go so far. Our intellectual faith can only go so far. But Lord, when the faith of God comes in the heart of these believers, they can begin to believe like God. They can begin to believe like Abraham. And right here tonight, dear God, I know these are things they've heard. They've heard it preached their whole life. They've heard these scriptures since Sunday school. But Lord, it's burning in my heart. I stand here tonight before them. Lord is a product is a trophy of this message. Not of what a man has done or or what a or what a church has done but what this message has done. Lord in everything in my life I was restricted. But Lord when you opened my eyes to this word when you showed me who I was when I begin to hear the secrets of your heart it begin to tear off restrictions. Lord, now Lord, maybe there's a young person sitting right here in this building tonight and the devil has restricted them with the thought that God can't use them because maybe their daddy's not in church or their mama's not in church. But Lord, I take the liberty and the privilege to stand here tonight and to rebuke that devil by telling them the prophet of God was packing water to a moonshine still for his father who was making moonshine when the pillar of fire appeared to him and begin to talk to him and begin to tell him things. Lord, he was restricted with education. He was restricted in society. He was restricted, oh God, in the community. He was restricted even in religion. Lord, when he be to believe these things, they told him he was crazy. When he began to believe these things, they told him he had a dream. Or how would he, a seventh grade educated Kentucky hillbilly, ever stand and pray for po popes and monarchs and kings and presidents? And they tried to restrict him. But Lord, he broke beyond all of it, dear God. He broke beyond all of it and believed what you said about him. And tonight, dear God, I pray every young person under the sound of my voice will break beyond the voice of influence of Hollywood, beyond the voice of politics, beyond the voice of education, beyond the voice of sports, beyond the voice of their coaches. Oh God, may they hear the voice of their pastors. May they hear the voice of the ministry. May they hear the voice of this message as it screams out to them. They're unlimited. Hallelujah. or coach may be a good person, but they can only take them so far. Their teacher may be a good person. They can only take them so far. But Lord, there's a seventh angel. If they'll believe that voice, it'll take them into glory. It'll take them into eternity. We believe it tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Whatever head, however I closed, I want you just to worship him right now. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Andrew, I'm just a little person, a little young person, and just go to a small church and don't hardly nobody know us. And oh, don't believe that. You're unlimited. You're an unlimited young person tonight. How be would say, "Lord, I want to be equipped by your spirit, God. This is more than just hearing sermons. It's more than just going to youth camp. Lord, fill me with power for service, Lord. Lord, make me the strongest backer in my church. Make me a pillar in my church, Lord. Make me a support to my pastor. Make me a make me a help, Lord." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you. Hallelujah. God, we believe. God, we believe. God, we believe forever from the impossible. Oh, it looks impossible. There's an unlimited God on the inside of you, young people. God, we believe. God, we believe forever. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it from the impossible. See a miracle. God we believe. God, we believe forever. You said you [Music] said I [Music] believe. You said it is done. [Music] You [Music] said I believe. You said it is done. Move the unmovable. Move the [Applause] unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for him from the [Applause] impossible see your miracle. God we believe God we believe for you. They say this mountain can't be moved. They say these chains will never break. But they don't know you like me do. Oh my. There is power in your name. We heard that there is no way through. We heard the tide will never change. They haven't seen what you can do. There is power in your name. So much power. So much power in your [Music] name. Break the unbreakable we believe. I believe for it impossible to see a miracle. We believe [Music] we break the unbreakable we believe. We believe for it from the impossible to see a miracle. God we believe God we believe for it. We know that hope is never lost. For there is still way we [Music] believe. There's power. There is power in your name. So much power in your [Music] name. Unbreakable. But we believe God we believe for him the impossible [Music] see God we believe God we believe for it. You said You said I believe. Yes. You said it is done. You said I believe. You said it is done. Sing that again now. You said you believe it. I believe. You said it is done. Oh, you said I believe. You said it is done. [Music] me [Music] [Applause] [Music] unbroken from the impossible. See a miracle. God we believe. I believe for it. Break me break. God we believe. God we believe for it from the impossible. We see a miracle. God we believe. [Music] I believe forever. You [Music] said I believe. Oh by. You said it is done. You said I believe. You said it is done. You said [Music] I You said it is done. Oh, you [Music] said I made You said it is [Music] done. Who the unmovable break the unbreakable God we believe. God we believe for him. from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God we believe in forever. Smooth the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. Glorious God we believe. God we believe for it from the impossible. See a [Applause] miracle. God we believe. God we believe for [Music] You say, can you sing it now? I believe. Oh my. You said it is done. It is done. Oh my. You said I believe. You said it is done. Sing it again now. You said I believe it, Lord. I believe. You said it is done. You said, You said [Music] I You said it is done. Oh, move the unmoved. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it from the impossible. See a miracle. God we believe. God we believe forever. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. in power. Our [Applause] God, our God. Sing it now. Our God is greater and our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. He's awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. Our God is greater. And now our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome. and power our [Applause] God for our God. And if our God is for us, and if our God is for us, thank you, Lord. Never stop us. And if our God is with us, then what could stand again? If our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? If our God is with us, then what could stand [Music] against? What could stand [Music] against? Our God is greater now. and our gods [Music] gater. Can you sing it now? God, you are [Music] higher. Awesome and [Music] power. Our God is greater. Our God is gater. He's stronger tonight. He's stronger. Our God. Yes, Lord. He's awesome. Power. Our God. Our God. I love this. And if our God, he's for us, who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand against? If our God is for us, who could ever stop us? If our God is with us, walk could stand [Music] against stand again. Our God is greater. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any [Music] other. He's awesome in power. Our [Music] God. Our God. God is gater. Our God. Can you sing it now? He's higher tonight. God, you are higher than any other healer. Oh Jesus, been power our God. Our God. And if our God is for us, who could ever stop us? If our God is with us, what could stand again? If our God is for us, who could ever stop us? If our God is with us, oh could stand against could stand [Music] against walk or stand against. Oh Jesus. I could stand [Music] against our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our [Music] God, our [Music] God. You are here. You're moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. Sing that again now. You are here. He's moving in our midst. in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. Maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. Our God is to you. You are here. You are here. Touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, miracle worker. He's a light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness, my love. That is who you are. You are here. You are king. You're turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are king for your bending [Applause] heart. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness, mine. That is who. You wipe away all tears. You wipe away all tears. In the broken heart, you're the answer to it all. [Applause] Jesus. Oh, you wipe away all tears. You men the broken heart. You're the answer to all. [Music] Jesus, even when I don't see it. Yes. Never stop. Never stop working. Never stop. Never stop working. Even when I can see it, you're working. Even when I can feel it, you're working. You never stop. Never stop working. Never stop. Never stop working. Even when I can't see it, you're working. Even when I can't feel it, you're working. Never stop. Never stop working. Never [Music] stop. You hold my every moment. You calm my ra. You walked with me through fire. You are my [Music] disease. I will trust in you. I trust in you. I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe. I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for [Music] me. Jesus, you're all you hold my every moment. You hold my every [Music] moment. You calm my rage to see. You walked with me through fire and healed all my disease. I would trust I will trust in you. I will trust in you. Oh, I believe you're right here. I believe you are all I need. I believe. I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Nothing is impossible and nothing is [Music] impossible. Nothing is impossible. Oh yeah. Nothing is impossible for you. Oh my my world in your hand. I believe I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe. [Music] I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. [Music] Oh pass me not. Oh che to say a hear my heart. Oh cry. Oh [Music] my are [Music] calling to not pass me by. Can't you just lift a hand and sing it now? I'm crying savior. I'm [Music] [Applause] crying. Oh my. Oh save. Won't you hear me? I humble cry. [Music] Oh why not on earth are [Music] holy do not pass thee. Let me at your throat of mercy. Oh land and thy Lord of mercy to find us. Nearly there. [Music] Oh, yet he [Music] got my I'm crying. Savior I'm crying [Music] say Savior won't you hear I cry. [Music] [Music] Oh our go to God Once again, I'm crying savior. I'm crying [Music] [Applause] save you. [Applause] [Music] our cry. [Music] But [Music] now on [Music] earth [Music] are do not [Music] pass by. Can we just deal without music now? Crying savior. I'm crying savior. [Music] Oh, my won't you hear my humble cry? [Music] Oh, thou are calling. [Music] Every do not pass me by. [Music] And this is my desire to honor you, Lord. With all my heart I worship you and all I have within me. I give you the praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you. Yes. Alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I [Music] wait, Lord, have your way. Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my heart. Give you my soul. I live for you alone every breath that I take. Every moment I'm awake. Yes, Lord. Lord, have your way. And this is I desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. All that I have within me and all I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in [Music] [Applause] [Music] you. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Fear for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, Lord, I have your way. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I waste your [Music] me once my heart and soul Earth by the binding chain of sea by the [Music] rain. He set me free to worship him. I'm sing [Music] glory blessing his holy name. Oh, keep the rain for that. Oh, I come by. [Music] Oh my [Music] go seek sher I'll be he me to my father's glory I'm sing glory glory [Music] Oh, send me his holy [Music] name. Oh, he [Music] threat. Oh, that's the song of the redee. Oh, now we're in the same time. He has loose to set us free. Oh, now our duty is just set. Oh yes. Hallelujah. I [Music] see his holy name. He's the [Music] great for the song. Can we do verse one? Oh, was my heart and soul in [Music] [Applause] her my chain. [Music] Oh, but the great man he set me free. I see [Music] glory. Worship his glory name. He's the [Music] great for the song of glory. Once again now I'm singing glory glory. Oh blessed be his holy name. Oh king the great. Oh, that's the song of the [Music] redeemer. Hallelujah. Is that your song tonight? Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship. Every praise. Every praise to our [Music] God. Glory to our God. [Music] Praise to our God. God my [Music] savior. God my savior. Oh yes. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he every praise, every praise to our God. Every word worship and honor. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise to our God, God my savior, God my savior, God my healer, God myer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God, my savior. God, my healer. God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] highle and I know it's not much else fit for a king except for a heart singing. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. But my words fall [Music] short. For my words fall short. I had nothing to do. How could I express my gratitude? I could sing these songs. [Music] As I often do, every song must [Music] sing and you never [Applause] do. So I put my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know it's not much have nothing else for a king except for the heart singing. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one. I've got just one. In my arms stretch, I will worship you. So I hold my hand, praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] highle and I know it's not much else for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Applause] I so I throw up my hands, praise you again and again. So all that I have is a highle. [Music] [Applause] I know he's not alive, but nothing else for me except for his heart. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Come on. My soul. So come my soul. Won't you shine? Oh [Music] yes. Hallelujah. Oh, that soul [Music] sh I th my hands praise you again and I love the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not I have nothing else before me except for your heart. [Music] Hallelujah. So I hallelujah. Praise you again and again. All that I have [Music] is hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king. And I believe I believe except for a heart [Music] single. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why don't we just thank the Lord for what he's done for you tonight? Thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Is fit to tell our king, thank you. The unlimited God inviting you into those unlimited rims. Thank you. Oh, how thankful we are. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Why don't we just tell him, "Lord, I love you." Oh, Lord, I love. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, do you loving? Oh Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you, Lord. I love you. [Music] I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you. I love you, Lord. I love you. He's so wonderful. His presence is so precious to sons and daughters. The only one that's limited in this place is the devil. I like that. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. But it's the unlimited [Music] God that is inviting you into those unlimited [Music] atmospheres and we just say we believe. I believe. Hallelujah. Wasn't that powerful? I believe. Glory to the lamb of [Music] God. I believe the devil's on the run tonight. I I tell you what, those of you that still believe in the Lord to fill you with the Holy Ghost, there's still something on the inside that [Music] you're just not quite satisfied. I just want to tell you, you're unlimited. The skies are the limits. I believe the Holy Ghost just took the lid off of your faith here tonight, letting that soul just soar up into the heavens. The Holy Ghost is not just mandatory. The Holy Ghost is not just a [Music] requirement, but the Holy Spirit is absolutely yours. God's destined you for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Are you glad for that? [Music] Amen. Those that are still praying, we're going to let you continue. dismiss the rest of you. And uh I know it's it's a little late tonight, so they may extend the curfew a little bit and let you fellowship and uh and get you a little bite to eat. [Music] How many's going to come tomorrow morning with with an anticipation? Lord, I want some more of your presence. [Music] Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, as we have some, Lord, here in the audience that are still seeking you, Lord, we never want to hinder anyone that is seeking you, Lord. And we just ask that you would fill them and give them the desires of their heart. and Satan, we say you might as well let him alone because God's will and God's purpose will be accomplished through the power of his spirit. Lord, we thank you for your spirit here tonight. We thank you for your word that was ministered to us, Lord. Thank you for every deliverance. Thank you for the power of your faith that has been unleashed in their hearts. Thank you for these men of God. And we're asking that you'll give Brother Andrew, Lord, strength. Lord, renew his strength in his body. Give him a good night's rest. Renew his strength in his spirit. be with brother Timothy, Lord, and strengthen him and give him a good rest tonight. Lord, bless these men of God. We thank you for these wonderful men and the gifts that you have placed in their lives. Oh God, we just ask Lord that you would be with us all Lord as we partake in the food and just ask that you would bless the food that is that we partake of tonight. I pray Lord that you would just be with all of those that are here and that your presence that we feel here, let it let it just linger here, Lord, on the campgrounds. And as we entertain you, Father, we love you, Lord, with all of our heart. Those that are traveling, Lord, to their rooms, just ask that you would be with them and keep them safe. We thank you for it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. And those who want to pray, you're welcome. There is no one else like [Music] you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor, Lord. We lift our hands in worship as we magnify your name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. This is the air I [Music] breathe. This is the air I brea. Your holy presence living in [Music] me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. [Music] Your holy word spoken to me and I oh and [Music] I I'm this before you. Oh, and [Music] I I'm lost without you. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. [Music] This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence living in me. This is my daily bread. [Music] This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Your holy word just spoken to me. Oh, and [Music] I I'm desperate for you. Oh, and I I'm lost without you. You're all I want. You're all I want. You're all I've ever [Applause] needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. You're all I want. You're all I've ever [Music] needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near and [Music] I I'm desperate for you and I'm lost without [Music] you. I want [Music] more. I want more. [Music] I want more, Jesus. I want more. I want more. I want more. I want more. Jesus, I want more. Can you help me sing that now? I want more. I want more. Yes, we do, Lord. I want [Music] more. I want more. Jesus, I want more. Once again, now I want [Applause] more. I want [Music] more. I want more. [Applause] Jesus, I want more. So stay. So stay. I don't want you to go. [Music] My heart is burning in your presence. So [Music] stay. I don't want you to go. Yes. [Music] My heart is burning. in your presence. Oh, I want more. Oh, I want more. I want [Music] more. I want more. Jesus, I want more. Just let him know. Oh, I want more. I want more. [Music] I want more. Oh, Jesus. I want [Music] So I'll stay. So I'll [Music] stay. Where else would I go? [Music] My heart is burning in your presence. Oh, so I'll stay. So I'll stay. [Music] Where else would I go? My heart is burning in your presence, Lord. [Music] in the [Music] praise of [Music] Jehovah God all mighty. He's the peace. [Music] Oh, trles finish. [Music] Hearts [Music] are in the presence of the king. Can we just sing that once again in the presence? with the praise. Oh my. Of Jehovah. of [Music] Jehovah God Almighty. My [Music] prince of peace trles vanish hearts are dead. [Music]
