################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - 2025-04-23 Bro Wendall Martin The Church Age Book #39 - Why The 7th Messenger - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   2025-04-23 Bro Wendall Martin "The Church Age Book #39 - Why The 7th Messenger?"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oTUGR9NwYg
========================================

At [Music] Calary He for [Music] me it holding control. He put that [Music] reassuring way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. [Music] I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. Every road I travel, I know it's in [Music] his. I put my life in his [Music] hand. My father knows what I [Music] need. My father knows [Music] what I go through. He knows what's best for [Music] me. My father knows what I need. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh, he put that [Music] reassurance way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I [Music] all stands. Every road I travel, I know it's in his [Music] life. I sought the Lord. and he answered me and delivered me from [Music] [Music] [Music] every me and save me my enemy. [Music] Come exalt your name [Music] together with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. All ye saints, he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name [Music] together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. Whoever bless the [Music] Lord every day and night, never ending praise. They are incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night her ending praise. They are inent rise. Let us bless the Lord every day with neverending praise. Let our cries magnify the Lord. exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. Whomever. [Music] Amen. [Applause] We have a a couple written prayer requests here. If brother Harry wants to make his way up here. Says, uh, "Coming, family. They buried Donna in Wyoming on Monday." It says, "Pray the Lord to make a way for me to go to Virginia to brother Sea's. Pray for pressure in my eye. Devil is still a loser. It's just a carol. Let's all bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this evening, Lord. Lord, we just thank you for allowing us to gather once again, Lord Jesus. We thank you for traveling mercies to get here, Lord. We thank you for the blessings of a building to gather, Lord Jesus. We thank you for cars that allow us to drive here and all the the different things, Lord, that that maybe we don't think about now and then, Lord. But Lord, we just thank you for the blessings that you continually rain down on us, Lord Jesus. For all those little things that maybe we don't pay attention to, Lord. We just want to to praise you and and and lift your name for everything that you've done for us, Lord Jesus. Lord, we lift before you these requests that Sister Carol has brought. Lord, for the family that just buried loved one in Wyoming, Lord Jesus, we pray that you would just, Lord, that you would go and that you would be their comforter during this time, Lord. That you would, Lord, use this as a time to let them know what your peace truly is, Lord. And Lord, invite them to to get to know you through this time, Lord. to know that you're the great comforter, Lord, and just you're the one that will help them through every situation, Lord. Lord, we pray that you would touch Sister Carol's eye, Lord. This the pressure that's there, Lord, that the devil keeps trying to to give her different things, Lord. But Lord, we know that as she wrote on that note, Lord, the devil is a liar, Lord. And we know that you're the healer and you're the one that can handle every situation, Lord. And Lord, we pray that you would just reach down, that you would just touch her, Lord. That you would take away those those lying symptoms, Lord Jesus. And Lord, just may you recognize the faith that's in our sister, Lord. Lord, we pray, Lord, you see her desire, Lord, that you would like to be able to go to the meetings in Virginia, Lord. And Lord, we pray that if it would be your will, that you would just make a way for her, Lord Jesus, that you would provide whatever it is that that she might need, Lord. Whether that be finances, whether that be travel, whether be whatever peace that is, Lord. And Lord, may it just be something, Lord, where she's able to enjoy the services, Lord. She's able to enter into your presence, Lord Jesus, and just get something special from you, Lord. Lord, we don't have to go to to camp meetings to get something from you, Lord. We've gathered again to this evening, Lord. And Lord, though, this may just be a Wednesday evening service, Lord. Maybe we're coming in just kind of knowing, oh, we're going to read in the church ages. We're going to do this. We're going to do that, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would help us to to lay aside maybe the preconceived notions we might have, Lord. And Lord, may we just pull on the gift that you've placed in your servant, Lord. Lord, you know the needs that are on the hearts of the people, Lord. You know the problems or the concerns or Lord, just the the weariness of life that's praying on us right now, Lord. And Lord, I know that you can Brother Wendell's been been studying on on this, Lord. He's been been looking at what he has to minister, Lord. But Lord, I know that you can pull him off his notes, just to to say a few words to someone, Lord, just to encourage a little bit here, to lift up a downtrodden there, Lord, just to provide what the people need, Lord Jesus. Lord, you see the cares and concerns that are on every heart, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would help each one of us to just lay them aside, Lord, and enter into the worship, Lord. May we just lift your name and praise your name, Lord, because no matter what's happening around us, you're always worthy of our praise, Lord Jesus. Lord, we pray that you would just be in the remaind of the service, Lord. May all that we say and do be pleasing to you. We just commit it into your hands. The name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Wherever I praise him, I'll praise him for his love. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the holy name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him. His love surrounds me like a sea. Step out the aisle and greet your brother and sister of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him. His love surrounds me like a sea. Praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. I can. I'll praise him. His love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the holy name of Jesus. The name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him. His love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the holy name of Jesus. The name of Jesus lifted me. Amen. Holy Spirit rain down rain down my comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. Rain [Music] down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. We [Music] spirit rain [Music] down. Holy Spirit rain down. You want him to rain down? Rain [Music] down my comforter and [Music] friends. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, [Music] rain down. [Music] Rain down my com heard our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy [Music] Spirit re one more time. Holy Spirit rain you [Music] down. Rain down. You're my comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain [Music] down. Rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy [Music] Spirit rain [Music] down. You want him to rain down this afternoon? What can wash away my sins? What can wash away my sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? and nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. [Music] I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. For my pardon, this I see nothing but the blood of Jesus for my cleansing. is my plea. Nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white. There's no other found. I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing can force sin atone. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Not of good that I have done nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as no longer found I know thing but the blood of Jesus. This is all my hope and peace. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. This is all my rightousness. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know thing but the blood of Jesus. Now by this I'll overcome. Nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus. Now by this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, preious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus. Amen. Be thankful for the blood of Jesus. There is none like you. Let's sing this this last song as our pastor makes his way out. There is none like [Music] you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. [Music] Else I can [Music] search like you I Worship you alm mighty [Music] God. There is none like [Music] you. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my [Music] righteousness. I worship you mighty God. There is none like you. Amen. [Music] Amen. There is none like him. I love him here tonight. So thankful for his great mercies to his people. Amen. Although it's always nice to see everyone when we all get together and I always look forward to seeing every one of you. But there's nothing like knowing that Jesus is going to be here. He's going to minister to our hearts and meet needs. He's he's very much real, very much alive. And I know he loves his people very thankful for his grace upon every one of our lives knowing that man that no matter where we are, what we go through, we have that great one that is man sitting on the throne tonight representing you. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. It is good to be here in the house of the Lord and man enjoyed the worship here tonight. If you have your scriptures, we're going to read here in Revelations 10 1-7. It's a a familiar passage of scripture for uh for us here at the church. And um like to say uh happy birthday to brother Torrance and um we sure enjoyed the fellowship last night and and uh fish fry. Sure appreciate everyone helping catch fish and and uh and then the cooks last night. U brother uh it was a it was a big effort. Amen. all around that little old cooker. And uh but it was really it was nice cooking with everyone and and we found that there was a real professional among us and uh that was Patrick back there. He's he done some of that cooking that frying and so he he was he was helping us with the temperatures and all of that. And so we uh we appreciate that. It was it was a wonderful community effort. Amen. And so we Brother Michael and Brother Caleb, Brother Kobe. I tell you what, all of them were we're all in there. And and I I know when I start mentioning names, I'm going to miss out on somebody. But we appreciate all of you. Even our timer where brother Joe Sanders. Yeah. He was keeping us all he was he was timing the food and uh and so good to have your nephew with us here. God bless you, sir. This this is a really fine young man. I've only been around him a couple times, but the times I've been around him, it's it's he he's a very polite young man and and I've I've noticed that every time I've talked to him, it's Yes, sir. And and uh so I just just want you to know that. Amen. You've made an impression on me. Amen. So, we're glad to have you tonight. Um all right, let's let's look here in in Revelations the 10th chapter. Also, I I didn't finish. Um, where's Brother Luke at? Uh, oh, brother Luke, happy birthday. And this wasn't just now Now, it was an it was a a milestone birthday for brother Torren, 85 years young. And uh, and then it was another milestone yesterday. Brother Luke turned 16 years old. 16 is a big number. And uh and so uh he's he's legal to to drive without someone in the car once he gets his license. And uh uh so you know it's just it's just a 16 was a big big dear a big deal for me and I know it is for you too. And so we love brother Luke. Amen. So let's look here in Revelations 10 1-7. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his feet were as it were the sun, or his face as it were the sun, and feet as pillars of fire. He had in his hand a little book open. Now, these next few Wednesday nights when we do the church age book, we're going to look at the little book open. And he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot upon the earth. And he cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roarth. And when he cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. And when the thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write, and I heard a voice from heaven, saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not. And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth, lifted up his hand to heaven, and swear by him that liveth forever and ever, who created the heaven and the things there and are, the earth, the things therein are, and the sea, the things that are therein, that there should be time no longer, but in the voice, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. Now, this is we're going to be ministering tonight. Why the seventh messenger? Now, we've been on this and I told you this this this Leoian church age. We're going to take a little more time on this and why last time it was the uh uh Elijah and now this time is why the seventh messenger. And so uh the seventh verse is very important because in the days of this seventh messenger all the mysteries of God would be finished. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father we thank you for your love and thank you for your greatness. Just ask Lord that your spirit would would be prevalent among us tonight. That you would help us Lord as as as I in my finite way. I just Lord my my simple way of of of ministering. I just pray that you you'll help me Lord to to just hit some of the areas that you've laid on my heart. And father, as we read the church age book, I just pray that you'll be with our audience here and our audience that is that is on the internet. Father, we love you. We thank you for that blessed Easter. We thank you, Lord, for this great plan of redemption that is that you're winding up. We ask that you help us all tonight in Jesus name. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You may be seated. We'd like to read here in um in the uh we're going to start on page 326 of the old book. And um we're going to start at the the second paragraph in the new in in the new book. I I failed again to to find what page that is for those of you that are in your new books. Um it is you know at the it's in the messenger section. Um but um but it starts here. It says in order to further clarify our presentation of of this last day prophet, let us particularly note that the prophet of Malachi or Matthew 11 and 12 was John the Baptist. For he was the one foretold in Malachi 3:1. Behold, I send my messenger and he will prepare the way before me. And the Lord whom ye seek shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant whom ye delight in. He shall come, saith the Lord of hosts. Matthew 11:1-12. And it came to pass when Jesus had made an end of his commanding his 12 disciples, he departed thence to teach and preach in their cities. Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of his disciples and said unto him, "Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another?" And Jesus answered and said unto them, "Go and show um go and show John again those things which you do hear and see." The blind receive their sight. The lame walk. The lepers are cleansed. The deaf hear. The dead are raised up. The poor have the gospel preached to them. Blessed is he whosoever shall not be offended in me. And as they departed, Jesus began to say unto the multitudes concerning John, "What went ye out into the wilderness to see? A reed shaken with the wind? And what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft rainignment? Behold, they that wear soft clothing are in king's houses. But uh what went ye out to see? A prophet? Yay, I say more than a prophet. For this is he of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee. Verily I say unto you, who among them or among among them that are born of a woman, there is not a greater risen a greater than John the Baptist. Notwithstanding, he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he. This is this has already taken place. Um it says this this has happened. It is over. But now in Malachi 4:1-6, behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all that do all the proud, yay, all that do wickedly shall be stubble. And the day cometh that cometh shall burn them up, saith the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch. But unto you that fear my name, shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, and ye shall go forth and grow up as calves in the stall. Ye shall tread down the wicked, for they shall be ashes under the souls of your feet in the day that I shall do this, sayaeth the Lord of hosts. Now, again, we we we went back over our y'all remember our last Wednesday night's reading. Amen. When this prophet comes, you will walk out on the ashes of the wicked. For they shall be ashes unto the souls of the feet in the day that I shall do this, sayeth the Lord. Remember ye the law of Moses, my servant, whom I commanded unto them him in Horeb, for all Israel, with statutes and judgment. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. So, right before these ashes, right before judgment, God sends a prophet. Now, you can't make that say anything than what it's already said. It's it's it's said that now he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, the hearts of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. See, immediately after the coming of this Elijah, the earth will be cleansed by fire, the wicked burn to ashes. Of course, this did not happen at the time of John, the Elijah for his day. The spirit of God that prophesied the coming of the messenger of Malachi 3:1, John was but reiterating his previous prophetic statement of uh Isaiah 4 and3 made at least three centuries previously. The voice of him that crith in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Make straight in the desert a highway for our God. Now John by the Holy Ghost voiced both Isaiah and Malachi in Matthew 3 and3. For this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Isaiah, saying, "The voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his path straight." So, we can well see from these scriptures that the prophet of Malachi uh 3, who was John, was not the prophet of Malachi 4, though indeed both John and this last day prophet have upon them the same spirit which was upon Elijah. Now, this messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelations 10:7 is going to do two things. One, according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. Two, he will reveal the the seven thunders of Revelations 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. But consider this also. This prophet messenger will be in his nature and manners as were Elijah and John. The people of this prophet uh messenger's day will be as they were in Ahab's day and in John's. Since it is only the children whose hearts will be turned, it is only the children who will listen. Aren't you glad you've got ears to hear? In the days of Ahab, only 7,000 true seed Israelites were found. In the days of John, there were also very few. The masses in both ages were in fornication of idolatry. I want to make one more comparison between the Leoysian prophet messenger and John. The prophet messenger who preceded Jesus' first coming, the the the people in John's day mistook him for the Messiah. John 1:19 to20. This is the record of John. When the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, "Who art thou?" He confessed and denied not, but confessed, "I am not the Christ." Now, this last day prophet messenger will have such power before the Lord that there will be those who will mistake him for the Lord Jesus. There will be a spirit in the world at the end time that will seduce some and make them believe this. Matthew 24:24-26 there for there shall rise false Christ false prophets and there shall show signs great signs and wonders and so much that if it were possible they shall deceive the very elect. Behold, I have told you before. Wherefore, if they say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert, go not forth. Behold, he is in the secret chambers. Believe it not. But don't believe it. He is not Jesus Christ. He is not the son of God. He is one of the brethren, a prophet, a messenger, a servant of God. Amen. He needs no greater honor bestowed upon him than that which John received when he was the voice that cried, I am not he, but he is coming after me. Before we close this section on the messenger of Leoian age, we must seriously consider two thoughts. First, this age will have one prophet messenger. Malachi or Revelations 10:7 when he singular shall begin to sound. There has never been an age where God gave his people two major prophets at one time. He gave Enoch alone. He gave Noah alone. He gave Moses alone. Uh he alone had the word though others prophesied. John the Baptist came alone. Now in this last day there is a prophet not a prophetist though in this age there are more women purporting to be God's to give God's revelation the men and the infallible word says he the prophet will reveal the mysteries to the end time people and turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers. There are those who say God's people are going to come together through a collective revelation. I challenge that statement. It is a bald invalid assumption in the face of Revelations 10:7. Now, I do not deny that people will prophesy in the last age and their ministries can and will be correct. I do not deny that there will be prophets even as in the days of of Paul when there was one Agabus, a prophet who prophesied of a famine. I agree that is so. But I deny upon the infallible evidence of the word that there is more than one major prophet messenger who will reveal the mysteries as contained in the word who has the ministry to turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. And I can say amen. Thus saith the Lord by the unfailing word stands and shall stand and be vindicated. There is one prophet messenger to this age. On the basis of human behavior alone, anyone knows that where there are many people, there is even divided opinions on lesser points of of a major doctrine which they all hold uh together. Who then will have the power of infallibility is to be restored in this last age. For this age is going to go back to manifesting the pure word bride. This means we will have the word once again as it was perfectly given and perfectly understood in the days of Paul. I will tell you who will have it. It will be a prophet as thoroughly vindicated or even more thoroughly vindicated than was any prophet in all the ages from Enoch to this day. Because this man will of necessity have the capstone prophetic ministry and God will show him forth and he won't need to speak for himself for he will speak for God by the voice of the sign or God will speak for him by the voice of the sign. Amen. So, we're going to stop right there here this evening and I want to just minister on why this seventh angel and um and because the seventh church age messenger has been clearly stated it must be a prophet. Amen. Malachi 4 says that he will be a restoration prophet. So, he is going to be turning the hearts of the children back to the original faith. It'll bring them right back to the original. Amen. And not just to Pentecost. Amen. But we're going it's taking us all the way back to what Adam and Eve lost in the beginning. Now, this is this is important. And and I want us to remember Jesus said that he or uh um um Jesus can't come back until the restoration or the restitution of all things. Amen. So so Jesus Jesus plainly declared that that he he can't even come back until there is a restitution. Peter said that there in the book of Acts. Amen. They're in Acts 3 and 20. And um um we can turn there just real quickly. Um Acts Acts three and and 20 um Peter's preaching there and um and he tells them, let's see here if I can if I can get to it. Amen. It says, "He shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you, whom the heavens must receive until the time of restitution of all things which God hath spoken by the mouth of his holy prophets since the world began." Now, I want you to I want you to keep this in mind. Heaven must keep Jesus until the restitution of all things. All things that have been spoken out of the mouths of the holy prophets uh uh since the world began. Now mark that down or keep keep that in your mind and mark mark that Revelations 10:7 right beside it because the Revelations 10:7 but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound, preach, prophesy, declare the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. So Jesus cannot come until this restitution, until this restoration, until the seventh church age messenger comes. And when he speaks, then the mystery mystery of what? The mystery of the church. The mystery of redemption. Amen. And and so he is going to finish this whole thing up that has been declared from the book of from the book of Genesis all the way to the book of Revelations. It's going to be finished up and you must see yourself in that scripture. It's not that you see Malachi in the scripture or or or brother Brandham in the scripture. It's good to see brother Brandham in the scripture, but if you're not heeding to the voice that came to you to reveal these things, then we're just idol worshippers. We're just man worshippers and we're not man worshippers. We we are listening very intently because when that voice speaks and if he's got the mystery, if he's got the revelation, then we had better take heed to what that that voice is telling us. Can you say amen? So the scripture says that that heaven will receive until the times of restitution. Amen. Now another one that I want to get at and this is this is why the messenger. Amen. You remember Peter, James and John's and you can go ahead and start turning there in in Luke uh 9 and 27. But Peter, James, and John uh you remember them coming down from the mountain and and and and they have seen the preview of the resurrection and the elements of the future kingdom and they were they were so excited. And Jesus says, "Now I want you to don't tell no one because it was not he hadn't died yet. He hadn't he hadn't raised yet." And but yet they had seen it. And so the account, if you were to look there at Matthew uh uh Luke um uh 9 and 27, he says, "But I tell you of a truth, there be some standing here which shall not taste death till they see the kingdom of God." So he's letting them know, amen, there's going to be some of you that that that are going to get a preview of what the rapture and the resurrection is going to look like. And it came to pass about 8 days after these sayings that he took Peter, John, and James, and went up into the mountain to pray. And as he prayed, the fashion of his countenance was altered. His raignment was white and glistening. And and behold, there talked with him two men, which were Moses and Elias, who appeared in glory, and spoke of his deceased, which should be accomplished in Jerusalem. So, so the they they were they were witnessing what this was going to be. And again, brother Brandon would tell us, Amen. There was three things here. Amen. Jesus was not in his humiliation. Jesus was in his glory. It was speaking of the future kingdom. Amen. Moses represented the sleeping saints that were in the ground that would raise. Amen. And then Elijah was the rapturing saints. And y'all remember what the scripture says. When Christ comes in his glory, the dead in Christ shall rise first. Amen. And we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together. So it was speaking. Amen. They were getting a foretaste of what would take place at the end at this end of this leotan church age. Amen. They were getting a witness. This was not going to take place in the first age, second age, third age, fourth age, fifth age, sixth age, or even in the 1906 Pentecostal age. It was going to be at the end of this age. Now, now let's look here. Let's see what Matthew says about that. Matthew 9 or 17 and9. And this is the same account. And this is just given an account of the conversation after they leave this. Amen. And I I'll wait for you to turn if you young people want to turn there because I I think this is this is your scriptures. These are this is for us. And um so if if you we'll just we'll break in here. Now as as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, "Tell the vision to no man until the Son of Man be risen from the dead." And his disciples asked him, saying, "Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?" Now, they're confused. They have just seen the preview of of the of the resurrection and the rapture and Jesus being glorified. And they were thinking that this was fixing to happen right now. And he was telling them, g then he goes on and says, I uh uh Jesus answered and said to them, Elias shall truly first come and restore all things. So he was he was telling them before this restitution at the end of the leodysian church age when the rapture comes, Christ appears in his glory. Amen. the resurrection uh comes, the rapture takes place. Right before that, he will send an Elijah to take care of that. But then the next scripture says, but this is the one he's referring to. Now, that one he's referring to Malachi 4. But watch, look there in the 12th verse. We'll just keep on reading. But I say unto you, Elias is come already. Malachi 3. Malachi 3. The messenger that was sent before my face to prepare ye the way of the Lord has already come and they knew him not but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the son of man suffer of them. So so Jesus was saying okay all right Malachi 4 must come but it's going to happen in the same way that they've done with Malachi 3. They've I the messenger has come. John has come. Prepare ye the way of the Lord. And there was very few that listened. So will it be in this day. Amen. When this rapture is take place, there's going to be a prophet. And you believe me, if there's ever been a prophet, that is important. This prophet is the most important prophets of all prophets because if you don't hear the voice of this prophet, you're going to miss the mystery of the revelation of Christ in you. You say, "I've got it according to Apostle Paul. I've got it according Amen." Do you really do are you walking in the revelation that the Apostle Paul had? I say today things have been so miskeed. We had to have a messenger in this day to turn our hearts back to that faith. Amen. So y'all y'all understand? How about you kids? Are y'all y'all understanding this? Amen. It it's it's so important because when you listen when you listen to the message or you read the message, I I want you to hear. I want you to ask God for revelation. When I pray, when when I'm when I'm listening or when I'm reading, I'm always asking, God, please, please remove the veils from my eyes. Remove, don't let me be blinded to any of these things that you're trying to show me. That's the way I I ask all the time when I'm when I'm praying. Lord, please help me to get this. Amen. So, now now going back to to re keys, if you'd put that back up there, Revelations 10:7. Now, this this is why it's important. Amen. Or yeah, 10:7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God would be finished as it is declared to his servants, the prophets. Now, do you see those scriptures all coming together? How how perfectly those scriptures come together. Now, I want us to go back to Revelations 10:1 and and and let's look there again for a moment. When this when this seventh angel comes, there's going to be a great happening. Amen. Now, this is not just going to be a a typical messenger. Um, this is not going to be just a typical message, but the title deed that has that that was stolen, if you want to say, from Adam 6,000 years ago is going to be handed back to God's elect. Now, now this is so important. In the days of the voice there is going of this seventh church age messenger is going to be greater than any other thing because when we look here at the setting I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud. Now I I've got a few things here that I want us to uh to look at just for a a few moments. This mighty angel was different from these other angels. Amen. There were angels pouring out vials. They they were messengers to sent to the churches. Amen. Uh uh uh um they were they were they were not not even the angels that they weren't even the angels that that held the seven seals. Amen. This angel was the angel of the covenant. This angel was clothed in a cloud. He had a rainbow on his head. He had It was a He was He Well, let's just look. Let's just look who this who this one was. Revelations 4 and two. Let's see about the cloud and the rainbow. Amen. Four and it's uh yeah, four and two. And this is right at the end again. We're we're back at the end of the the church ages again. Amen. And I I'm not going to keep you long tonight because I really want y'all to catch I want to keep the information pretty pretty short because I I I want you to really catch what I'm saying. Now we're not in the first age, second age, third age, fourth age. We're at the end of the Leonian age. Chapter 3 ends the churches. We will no longer go to church like this. We will no longer the gentile bride will be called to heaven. And the scripture says and immed the fourth the fourth chapter first verse and I looked and behold there was a door opened in heaven and the first voice which I heard was as it were the trumpet speaking with me and which said come up hither I will show thee things which must be hereafter. So now the scene is changing. It's no longer going to church on earth. Now a door is opened in heaven. The rapture has come. Christ has appeared in glory. The resurrected saints have come up. Amen. All of those of us that are alive and remain are caught up and we meet the Lord in the air. The door in heaven is open. Now, John is going to see what he he's going to tell us what he sees in heaven. It says, "Immediately I was in the spirit, and behold, a throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the throne, and he that was to look upon uh and he that that sat was to look upon as jasper and sardine stone. And there was a rainbow round about the throne in the sight like unto emerald. That word emerald is yellowish green. Now this is this is the same angel of Revelations 10. Now when we talk about the angel of the covenant, now you say, "Well, why would Christ?" Because this coming, if you wouldn't mind putting that back up, Revelations 10:1. This coming was not the physical appearing of Jesus. This was the appearing. This was the logos. This was the anointing. It was the angel of the covenant that was to come. Re open the book. Hand the book to the seventh angel messenger. And if you miss if you miss that anointing that has come in this day then we will miss the physical return of Jesus Christ. Now there will come a time where Christ the where Jesus Christ the physical body is going to come and get us. This is talking about a revelation. He's the angel. He's got he's clothed with a cloud. the rainbow over his head. This is none other than the angel of the covenant that appeared unto unto Abraham that appeared unto Moses. It was the angel of the Lord that went with them. It was none other than the picture, brother uh sister Clea, if you would put the picture of the the pillar of fire. Amen. The the pillar of fire. That's the angel of the covenant. It was the anointing, the logos that has come in this day. An angel from heaven came in this day and gave the mystery or the revelation of the mystery unto that seventh angel. Now, seventh church age messenger. Now, that's a that's a mouthful that I just said. Any questions? And throw them at me. I want you to throw it out because I I I I if I'm missing it, if I mess it, even even if if if there's somebody that can say it better than me, say it. Amen. Because I I want you to get it. I want us all to get this. This is this is good, brother Merl. Okay. Well, I No, I was just thinking you might have something that you could add to it. Yeah. Yeah. It is it it's that that is the angel of the covenant. It's the reason people see people people talk about pe people talk about when let let me just okay if you take Revelations 10:1 as literal then we're going to have a problem. People think that that is a literal where there is going to be a a 900 foot Christ or whatever as as as I believe it was brother uh or Roberts had a vision of a 900 foot Christ that would come and and and and stand and and he visited him and it was an in a fearful thing and they're going to put their hand their foot upon land and upon sea but did you realize that when we come back when Christ comes back there will be no sea after the renovation of the earth, the sea will be no more. So if you're putting that to where there's no more time, that means that means the millennium's over with, everything is finished because the millennium is still in time. And if you're putting the time in the millennium or or millennium in time, then we've or if if you're if you're saying that that can only happen when time is no more, that means that that it can only happen after the judgments are done, everything is finished, and then Christ will put his hand. But but but but again, he can't put his foot upon land and sea because there will not be a literal sea. But let me tell you what that means. Hallelujah. There was a beast who came up out of the sea and there was a beast that came up out of the land. This is symbolic. Amen. The sea. I wonder how many of you kids can tell me what the sea is because we've said this over and over and over. We'll just see how much you know. Y'all smiling over here. Huh? No trick question. You can just blurt it out there. Then we'll just tell you you're dumb. You you boys. What is what what is the sea? The beast that come out of the sea. What does that mean? Oh, man. I'm not doing a good job at teaching, man. Okay. All right. So, there was a beast that came up out of the sea and and um Revelation 17. Let me just read it to you here. Revelation 17 [Music] and oh if I if I get to 17 that would be a good thing. Hallelujah. I thought it was in 17. Let's see here. Uh I don't I don't see it. I thought I had it marked. Uh Revelations uh where where is that? Where where The waters that thou seen was people's multitudes. 17:15. Yes. Okay. And he said unto me, the waters which thou sawest, where the horse siteth, are peoples, and multitudes, nations, and tongues, and the t horns which thou seeest of the beast. And it and it goes on. So there was a beast that came up out of the waters. Amen. That was peoples, multitudes, nations, and tongues. Rome came out of that. Rome came out of the multitudes. That's where the Catholic Church came out of. But then there was a beast, which we again, these are all symbols. This is a power, not not a not a literal beast, but an anointing that came up out of no people. Amen. That was the United States. The United States is a powerful nation, the most powerful nation of in the world. And we came out of of no civilization. There were people here, but no nations. There was there was nothing of civilization that was here. So the United States, so there was a power that came out of nations and kings and there was another power that came out of nothing. All right? So when Jesus or when uh if you might mind putting that back up there, Sister Khalil, Revelations 10:1, we just keep that up there. Uh re Revelation Oh, oops. Uh back up to Revelations 10:1. I'm going to keep going back and forth to that. Um but but so so when we look here at this mighty angel, it did not say Jesus came down from heaven because he doesn't want you getting this mixed up. It's the angel, the Christ, the anointed one, the logos of God that came down clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head. What does that rainbow represent? That's the covenant. He gave a rainbow. Amen. It's the first and the last. He's he is he is the one who has given the promise and now he's fulfilling the promise. His face were as the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. And each one of these things have a symbol that they represent. Now, what I want us to to to look at here, Iman, as we as we as we uh just deal for a few moments on on this on this cloud. Uh Sister Cle, why don't you can do you have the cloud that you could just put up there here tonight? Amen. the cloud there. There there was Mount Sunset when y'all remember the angel of the Lord that came down. That matters of fact, if you just if you just keep that there, Sister Khalila, let me just read a few things uh from that was in the in in the um in the newspapers back in 1963. This was in the science magazine. And it said as a a stratapheric cloud over northern Arizona abstract and an unusual ringshaped cloud was widely observed over the northern Arizona uh northern Arizona near sunset on 28th February 1963. From a from a large number of observers reports, it is known to have appeared overhead near Flagstaff, Arizona. From initial computations based on four photos taken in Tucson, 190 miles south of the cloud, its altitude is approximately 35 kilometers. The most distant observation reported was 280 mi from the cloud. The cloud remained sunlit for 28 minutes a local sunset. The iridescent or rainbow was noticed noted by many observers. Tentatively, the cloud may be regarded as similar to necrius cloud, but its unusually great height and unusually uh low altitude plus its remarkable shape suggests that it was a cloud previously unre of of unre recorded type. Near sunset on 28 n February 1963, the uh the unusual a cloud of unusual configuration coloration was observed in widely scattered localities in Arizona and some surrounding states. The cloud took the form of a large oval ring clear in the middle with the long axis running north and south. uh figure one cover photograph this issue. It remained brightly illuminated well after the sun had set on high Cyrus clouds to the west from Tucson 190 mi to the south and its angular elevation appeared to be about six degrees. is a rough computation of its height based on sunset geometry. One made immediately after the cloud entered the earth's shadow led me to appeal by uh a press and radio for the confirmatory reports in order to establish the approximate location and and to uh secure descriptions from the largest possible number of observers. From approximately 150 reports, many communicated by persons well aware that they had seen a uh a type of unprecedented uh had had not seen a type of years of sky watching. It was quickly established that the cloud layover head in the vicinity of Flagstaff, Arizona, that it exhibited iridescent of the sort associate associated with the stratapheric neurosis clouds in the Arctic uh and that its internal structure was very peculiar. So that's one. I I messed that reading up, but uh that's this is here is another. And now, now when you looked at it, won't you show us the the original version of that, Sister Khal? Now, all right. So, I I think this is interesting and I want you to understand he shall come clothed in a cloud. Now, people want to blow this off one way or the other, saying that it can't happen, that it it's got to be this, it's got to be that. But I'm going to read you the newspaper reports. But then I'm also going to tell you show read to you the vision that brother Brandham had before we before we go into this and then understand what that this was supernatural. All right. So this here is the Arizona Republic. Shortly before sunset in February 28, 1963, a strikingly beautiful mysterious cloud swept across or swept northward across Arizona. Some who saw the cloud estimated to be 30 mi across and 26 miles high observed that it remained bright 28 minutes after the sun set. Others saw myriad colors in its vapor-like structure. Within it just makes me just want to rejoice. You know what? Within days within days, more than 200 reports poured into the University of Arizona's Institute. Now, this is this is not now this this is a this over in Arizona. They have clouds all the time because they always have rockets. They've got they they they've got government planes. They've got all of these things that's going off around there all the time. But what took place here was crazy. As you all can see, 200 this this one here has 200 reports of this cloud. All right. It says um uh within days more than 200 reports poured into the University of Arizona's Institute of ASM atmospheric physics in answer to a request by James McDonald. The celestial phenomenon left waves of public p public I can't I can't read or talk tonight. publicity in its wake. Both the Arizona Republic and the Phoenix Gazette uh printed stories. Science magazine included in April 19, 1963. Life carried it in its June 11 edition the same year. None of the publications had the answer to what it was, not even Dr. McDonald. Tentatively, the Tucson atmospheric science senior physics said, "It may be regarded similar to a nacrius uh iridescent cloud, but is unusually great height." said, "But is unusually great height and unusually low altitude. Plus, it resarkable shape suggests that it was a cloud of previous unrecorded type. Many persons said it is exhibited exhibited the iridescence of the sort associated with a stratapheric nrious uh cloud in the Arctic. It was above the limits of contrail formations." Dr. McDonald's wrote in his in an article in 1963 issue of Weatherwise, even those possible possibly made in flight by the uh of the X5. Besides a check revealed, there were no X-15 flights that day. The cloud then has continued to baffle everyone in Arizona except 600 churches in the Phoenix, Mesa, and Tucson. To them, it was a physical manifestation of seven angels appearing near Sunset Mountain, 40 miles northwest of Tucson to William Brennham, an Indiana born Christian evangelist. Now, and then we can just go on and read a few we could we could read Time magazine themselves, what with what Time magazine has put in there. But what I'm wanting to get to you is this Christ the the the scripture. Sister Kala, if you wouldn't mind putting Revelations 10:1 back up, and we'll go back and forth between these clouds. Uh, how many love sister Kala? Amen. And um, so I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud. Now, I want us to just let's let's just see what what's important about this. And a rainbow was upon his head. Now, they said this thing that the the rainbow, it was going back and forth with all of these different colors that was taking place uh while it was there. It was upon his head and his feet as it were the sun and and his feet his face as were the sun feet as pillars of fire. And let's just go one down. We'll just keep on going. And he has and he had in his hand a little book open and he set his right foot upon the sea and his left foot upon the earth. Now face shining like the sun, feet as brass. You could go back to the first of the of the church ages when we first started. We told you about the the brass, what that represented. We took an entire we took an entire service on that. We took an entire service on those others. So, we're not going to go through that. But we showed you in symbols what that represented. Now, this little book, remember five, John was weeping. John wept in Revelations 5 because the book was closed. And the call went out, who is worthy to open this book that is in the hand of the Almighty God? And the reply says, "No one was worthy." No one was found worthy in heaven. No one was found worthy on earth. No one was found worthy under the earth among the dead. And John wept. He wept because it was the book, the title deed to the earth, the book of redemption. And no one was able to open the book. And then the cry came out. Amen. Weep not, John, for the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed. And when John turned around, he saw a lamb come and take the book and loose the seven seals from off the book. So now, Revelations 10 is saying, now he has the book and it's open. Wow. The lamb opened the book. Now he's giving the revelation. Revelations 10:7. But in the days of the voice, if you go on down to that seventh verse, in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery should be complete. Do you see the importance of brother Brandham? the importance because he's wanting you and me to catch this revelation. Not the brother Brandham wants us to catch the revelation. God wants us to catch the revelation. Amen. Can you say amen now? Okay. Where's the vision? Amen. Well, glory to God. Do you love him? I didn't bring the vision. I got to get it off my computer. Just hang on. Set tight. Amen. I shall [Music] return. Hallelujah. We'll read this vision and then and then let you see. Uh hopefully I I've got this all coming together now for you. Praise the Lord. Oh, do you love him so much? Amen. Okay. Amen. Well, where is where is that? Uh I I I got it there. See where I where I put that thing. Give me a few more minutes. Well, if I didn't say that. Praise the Lord. I put it to some of my notes. What I do is I I get to studying and I have I have all these I have different deals all opened up. And uh uh I study on different sermons at the same time lots of times. Praise the Lord. All right. So I just pull it straight out of the message. All right. Amen. So it it says um now he he says u all of you have seen it around the world. You don't go to sleep standing here on the platform talking to you people. You hear me go into vision. Sister Keys if you wouldn't mind putting that cloud back up there. Um you you uh people standing here on the platform talking to people. You hear me go into visions and come back when I'm riding in a car with you elsewhere. I tell you things that's going to happen. Never fails. It never has. Has anyone ever seen it fail? Congregation says, "No, no, sir. It can't fail. It won't fail as long as it's God." Notice right on the platform, thousands before tens of thousands of people even in other languages that I can't even speak till it don't fail. See, it's God. Now, this is in the sermon 1962, just before the cloud appeared, 1962. And this is in this in the in in this in the sermon title. Is this the sign of the end time? Now, he's just he's he's he's coming up and telling me he just seen this this vision a week ago. He says, now now in this vision, or as I was speaking, I looked and I saw a strange thing. It seemed like my little son Joseph was by my side. I was talking to him. Now, if you'll notice, if you'll watch the vision real close, you'll see why Joseph was standing there. I looked and there was a little bush and on this on this little bush in a constellation of birds, little bitty birds about a half inch long and a half inch high. And they were little veterans. They their feathers was beat down. There was about two or three on on the top limb, six or eight on the next limb, 15 to 20 on the next limb, coming on down like a shape of a pyramid. And those little fellows, little messengers, they were pretty well worn out. And they were watching eastward in this vision for for it made it so it it made it so purpose that he didn't want me to fail to see where it was at. So, Brother Brandham is telling them, "When this vision takes place, I'm going to be around that Tucson area." All right. Now, um uh uh he said, "I I was at Tucson, Arizona in the vision, for it made it so purpose that he didn't want me to fail to see where it was at. I was picking a sandbird off of me from the desert." This is in the vision. And I said, "Now, I know I I know this is a vision. I know that I'm in at Tucson. I know them little birds. They're represent something. And and they were watching eastward. And all of a sudden, they taken the notion to fly. And away they went eastward. And as soon as they left, a constellation of larger birds came. They looked like doves, sharp pointed wings, kind of gray color, light little lighter color than than these first little messengers were. and they were coming eastward swiftly. No sooner than they got out of my sight, I turned again to look westward and there it happened. There was a blast that actually shook the whole earth. Now, don't miss this and you on tape. Be sure you get this right. First, a blast. And I thought it sounded like a sound barrier or whatever you call it when the planes cross the sound and the sound comes back to the earth. just shook like roared everything. And then it could uh it could have been a like a great clap of thunder, lightning like I didn't see the lightning. I just heard that great blast that went forth. It sounded like it was south from me towards Mexico. And it but it shook the earth. And when it did, I was still looking westward. And way off into eternity, I saw a constellation of something coming. And it looked like it it might have come like little dots. There could have been no less than five and no more than seven, but they were in the shape of a pyramid. And and like these messengers coming. And when it did, the power of almighty God lifted me up to meet them. And when I see it, it's never left me. He says, "Well, I can see it. It's never left me. Eight days has gone and I can't forget it yet. I never had anything to bother me like that has. My family will tell you. I could see those angels, those shapedback wings traveling faster than sound could traveler from. They come from eternity in a split like a twinkling of an eye. Not even the bat of an eye, just a twinkle. And they they were there. And I didn't have time to count. I didn't have time no more than just look. mighty ones, great powerful angels, snow white wings set and heads. They they were and when it did, I I was caught up in the in the in the pyramid of constellations. And I thought, now this is it. I was numb all over. And as I and I said, oh my, this means that there will be a blast that will kill me at I'm at the end of my road now. I must have uh uh I mustn't tell people my people when this vision leaves. I don't want them to know about it. But the heavenly father has let me know that my time is finished. I won't tell my family so they won't worry about me because he's fix he's fixing to go and these angels has come for me and and it'll you know I'll be killed pretty soon uh in now in some kind of explosion. Then it came to me while I was in the constellation constellation. No, this isn't it. If it was have killed you, it would have killed Joseph. And I could hear Joseph calling for me. Well, then I turned again and I thought, Lord God, what does this vision mean? And I wondered and then it came to me. Not a voice just came to me. Oh, that is the angels of the Lord coming to give me a new com my new commission. And when I thought that, I raised my hands and I said,"Lord Jesus, what will you have me to do?" And the vision left me for almost an hour, I couldn't feel. Now you people know what the blessings of the Lord is. But the power of the Lord is altogether different. The power of the Lord in them kind of places. I I felt it many many times before in vision, but never like that. It feels like a reverent fear. I was so scared till I was paralyzed in the presence of these beings. I tell you the truth, as Paul said, I lie not. If you never caught me saying anything wrong before like that, something is fixing to happen. Then after a while, I said, Lord Jesus, if I'm going to be killed, let me know so I won't tell my people about this. But if something else, but if it's something else, let me know. But nothing answered. And after the spirit left me for about an a half hour, I guess, or more, I said, 'Lord, if it is, then if if it is then that I'm I'm going to be killed and you're finished with me and I'm going to be taken home now, which which if that's it, I'm fine. That's all right. I said, if it's if it is, let me know. Send your power back upon me again. Then I'll know not to tell my people or anybody about it because you're fixing to catch me away. Nothing happened. I waited for a while. Then I said, "Lord Jesus, if it did not mean that and if it means you've got something for me to do and it'll be revealed to me later, then send your power." And it almost took me from the room. I found myself somewhere over in a corner. I could hear my wife trying to shake a door. The door in the bedroom was locked. And I had a Bible open was I don't know but it but it was in I believe Romans nine the last verse. Behold I lay in Zion a cornerstone a stumbling stone as precious cornerstone. Whosoever believeth in him shall not be ashamed. And I thought it's strange I'd be reading that. The spirit still packing me in the room. I closed the Bible and stood there. I went over I looked through the window. Uh, I went over to the window and it was about 10:00 in the day or better and I raised my hands. I said, "Lord God, I don't understand. This is a strange day to me. I'm beside myself almost." And I said, "Lord, what does that mean? Let me read it again if if it be you." And now it sounds juvenile, but I took the Bible and opened it up and there it was again in the same place. Paul's telling the Jews, they had tried uh to to to the Romans that the Jews tried to accept it by works, but it was by faith that we believe it. Well, it's a tr it's a terrific time since now. You can see where I stand. Now, I don't know what's happening. I don't know what to say. I would encourage everyone to go back and read this because brother Brandham is giving the giving the vision but he's saying I don't know what it means and so he asked the question all through the sermon what what I I'm presuming here what does I'm just telling you I'm letting you know what happened at the end of the sermon he's quaking he's he's well he's quaking all through the sermon you can hear him shaking as he's and he's saying, "I'm going I'm going to go to Tucson." That's where the vision said he would meet me. I I'm going to wait. I don't know what's going to happen. Now, we find that three months later and and and we'll be getting into that later on, but three months later, Brother Brandham was hunting with some brothers. They're just uh uh uh right right outside of Tucson there. And they were hunting for hogs. And as they were hunting for hogs, um Brother Brandham had had got his and so he was helping them. and and and he had seen some hogs the other day and the day before. So he had told him, "You go around this way. I I'm going to go down where I had seen them and I'm going to spook them off to you." And uh um and so he had he had just seen some hogs and and u uh he he he had just taken a tortilla or something and and and and put it put it on on a on a little limb there so they could see where he was at. uh that they'd know he had been there and he man he was just taken off and just before now remember the vision he was taking a a bull header or a stick tied off. Y'all remember that? And he says and just before then he had looked down there and he seen it. So he reached down to to get a bullheader off and and he was fixing to take off and then he had already forgot about the vision and as he threw that thing on the ground there was this great big explosion. He said it was so loud it just shook. At first he thought he got shot. He thought that one of the brothers had shot him on accident. And and then is when the angels appeared. Seven angels came down and he was caught up in the constellation of that cloud right there. Caught up in that constellation. That seven those seven that picture that was taken of those seven angels. that picture of those of of that cloud was those seven angels that had appeared to him. He says if you'll notice uh there is your there on your right and up there to the top he says that if he would have been in the constellation like this see how how would how would he have been? It would been he says up to on the he on the right side he said that great one with the with the wings swept back. So I guess he would be in the face of it like this. But those wings that are swept back uh over the top where brother talked about the wigwin, he said that was that seventh angel. He said it was the mighty angel when he was caught up in that constellation. It was just great and mighty and and he and he looked just stood out to him more than the others. Now this was what he foretold. Then the revelation comes to him and of course he was given the commission go back to Jeffersonville for the opening of the seven seals. We understand that the seven seals the revelations were contained in the mysteries the unveiling of the mysteries of the seven thunders. Amen. This seventh church age messenger is greater than than any other messenger that the church has ever received. This is the ending. This is the ending of all things. And the revelation has been gloriously given to us. Aren't you glad that God supernaturally amen vindicated for you and for me? I'm going to open it up for questions, comments. We're going to stop right there. I think it's a good place to stop tonight. Amen. So, uh, and I went a little bit longer than what I intended. When you get a lot of information, it gets it gets harder to keep it all together. But, but did I piece the pieces together for y'all tonight? Oh, boy. We're going to have to strike this from the record and go try it again. Y'all ready for another hour? Amen. Praise the Lord. Now I say and I I I know that and and and maybe maybe my understanding of it you maybe you don't agree with my my understanding of it but this is the way that I I see it the way brother Brandham talked about it. Brother Brandham talked about that cloud the Lord but sister sister Clea put it back the original the original one. Okay, that was that was the cloud. And then when brother Brandham was wasn't it the unveiling of God, wasn't it at that sermon that that the Lord told Brother Brandham, "Turn it to the right. Then go ahead and turn it to the other way." Amen. Turn it to the right and you will see Christ the wigwin. That's that's this that's why we have that cloud right here. Amen. And he says, "Now you can see you can see the face of Christ. Christ in there wigged by the angels, the the almighty one. Amen. Come clothed in a cloud. I I believe that that is true. I believe that if you're looking for a physical Jesus with a physical cloud, you're going to miss the rapture. Because this is the revelation. You've got to accept this revelation. Jesus does not show up here on earth until he comes back in the millennium. So Jesus is not going to show up on on the six o'clock evening lu and it's not going to be it's not that's not the way. It's the secret coming of the Lord Jesus. There is a physical Jesus Christ. That's true. But he's promised he would come in this last day in his in his theophony form. He was going to come a in as the angel of the covenant. Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad that you've heard that voice? Amen. All right. Praise the Lord. Well, the musicians can come. Amen. And um um so this I I told you that when we got to this this uh layout of an age, we were going to not just read, but we just going to put sort of put the skids on it a little bit there and and really understand, especially in this messenger, and and show you This is big, folks. This is major. Brother Brandham's family, his mom and dad were not even Christians at all. Not even Christians at all. And and his mother was was a 15year-old girl uh given birth to to to her boy. And u the old the old shack cabin they were lived in it had holes in in it. It didn't even have regular windows. You can you you've probably seen the old cabin that brother Brandon was born in. And he was born before sunlight before the sun even come out. And the baby was born. Sister Ella Brandom was was smothering and they opened the door to get some fresh air in and when they opened the door that little pillar of fire came came in that came in that open you know that the old the old windows it was a window that they opened up was like a door and when they opened it up pillar of fire came and rested over the baby now they weren't they weren't even Christians could Could you imagine? Could you imagine? We don't deify the prophet at all. And those who do don't know, well, they wouldn't. They just don't know. You say, "Well, well, everything is brother random this, brother random that, brother random this, brother random that." Yeah, it's true because it was Jesus, the Christ, the angel of the covenant, to come and put his approval on that prophet. I would just imagine in the days of the Apostle Paul of the early church, I would just imagine Paul said this, Paul said, "We should do it this way." Paul, why? Because Paul, he was the prophet to that first church. He was the apostle. He said, "I magnify my office. I am the apostle to the Gentiles. Those were his exact words. I magnify my office. He just flat out telling you. And those that are in Corinthians were sort of giving him a hard time. Yeah. Your authority. He says, "Did the word come from you or did the word come to you?" He says, "If any of you think to be prophets or spiritual, let every one of you acknowledge what I have said as from the Lord." The vindication was upon him. No one could no one could dispute that. And there's no sign There's no sign of the pillar of fire ever appearing to him again, which I'm sure it did. But all they had was the pillar of fire that appeared to him the first time. Said, "Saul, Saul, it's hard for you to kick against the priest. I've called you to be a light to the Gentiles." But the presence of the Lord was with him. Here we are in this last age where the age where there's everyone's a prophet and everyone's got sayeth the Lord and everyone got their opinions. But God in this age has sent us a prophet. Lots of prophets. Lots of prophets. But only one had the pillar of fire like Elijah. And that pillar of fire was seen over and over and over and over. So the preachers out there in the other places, they they they learn, they have to learn from somebody somewhere. They're they're they're they're going to seminars, seminaries. They've got they've got studies and their their their studies are lined up with all these opinions and I have no problem I have no problem with books. I don't and I have to go to a book occasionally to learn a word or see what it means or this that and the other. What God wanted us to know in this day, he put it very clearly in every one of these. Christ must stay in heaven until the [Music] restitution. This rapture and resurrection cannot take place until the restitution. The mighty angel is going to come with an open book. And in the days of the voice of that seventh church age messenger, the mystery will be complete. You know what that does for me? Doesn't make me a stuffed shirt. It makes me feel humble that God would do this in this generation. And I want to love the Lord that much the more because of Amen. There's never been a day like this day to me. There's never been a day like this day. I see. There's never been a light to shine so bright as Oh yes. Oh, can we sing it from our hearts now? Oh, there's never been a day like this. To me, there's never been a [Music] day. There's never been a light that shines. [Music] [Music] I think on a service like this at the end of this service, I think it would be deserving of all of us examining our hearts, saying, "Lord, shine your light on me is everything about me the way you wanted me to look at this stage of my journey before the coming of the Lord. You sent your prophet and you unveiled this for a reason. Lord, I don't want to be like the Hebrews that times where I should be a teacher and I have need to be taught of the very first things. Lord, I I want to be I want my heart to be wide open to you. Teach me, Lord. I know that's the way I feel tonight. Teach me, Lord. If you feel that way, why don't you just tell him before we dismiss this evening? in your own way, Lord. Reveal yourself to me. And I don't want to leave it all on you. I know that I've got to prepare my heart, Lord. I I know that I've got to take the time, not just push the tape when I'm going to sleep, but push push push play and really hear what you're saying to us. Lord, remove the scales from my eyes. If there's somebody here or even in the in the ether there internet, you're you're needing the Lord to help you. Maybe you're still you've got some questions. Well, that's okay. If he's if you're the elect and the Lord wants you to see it, there's nothing wrong with telling the Lord. Help me. If this is of you, vindicate it to me. He had to do it to me. I was a Pentecostal boy who had seen many, many miracles, but I had to have a revelation to me. I needed God to visit with me. Now, Lord Jesus, we just ask that you would take us. I lay my heart wide open before you tonight. First of all, Lord, forgive me of my sins, my transgressions. Lord, forgive me my nonchan attitude toward your word, your message, your messenger. Let your word, let your fire, holy fire, ignite my heart again. Lord, renew us, Lord, as a congregation. Renew our hearts to your word. We give ourselves to you now. I pray Lord that you would just take everything, every opinion, everything of me. Lord, let it let it be laid aside. Let thus sayaeth the Lord rule my mind and my heart. I thank you for it, Father. I ask Lord that you would do the same young and old. Let the blessings of the Lord be upon each. Oh God, we thank you for what you've given to us in this day. We love you with all of our heart in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Oh, there's never been a day. God bless you now. We love [Music] you. Appreciate every one of [Music] you. And just keep on pressing on. We've got a rapture to [Music] make. And we know the time is coming very soon where we'll be around the throne. We'll be out of these old tarred bodies. Be a wonderful time. Amen. We've got a fundraiser that's going to be coming up here in the here. When is that? Two two weeks. week and a half. And um I meant to mention that this last week and I if it's not in front of me, I forget unless someone reminds me. But we're we're doing that uh not not this Saturday, but next Saturday. So not this Saturday, but next Saturday. Um we'll be doing the fundraiser and um Are we still going to try to do that this Saturday? Put the 10 up. Okay. Oh, really? Well, hey, that that's easy. I mean, we could do it in an evening time, too, which would uh as long as we've got it all laid out and set out, you know, by the time everyone got there, I mean, we could just be um Okay. So, so we will we'll need, you know, electricians to to run our power out that we might as well just do it all, get it all set up. Um, so we'll we'll need electrical tools. Um, we'll need ladders. [Music] Uh anyways, I'd say I'd say let's get because the thing is is this thing is falling on the same time of Brother Shaun's meeting. And I uh and I hear there's there's a lot going and so it it's going to be a it's going to it's going to leave a a heavy load on brother Joe for sure. I don't know who's who's going to be here during the during the uh during the fundraiser. Okay. So, there'll be man, if we could if I could, you know, if we could get you all to help on that on that Saturday, cuz it it's it's a full day. Uh huh. Oh, Friday and Saturday. And so, uh so it it'll be a full day. Uh full days up. So, um, that that'll be that that'll be a really a good a great blessing. And we appreciate Brother Joe for doing [Applause] that. Someone said that someone else is doing ribs around. I said, "Yeah, but he ain't brother Joe." Amen. So, uh, so we we do appreciate that. and then all of the all of the labor there. So, um, Brother Michael will let us know here before long which which way we're going to go and what day. Amen. All right. God bless you. We're fixing to fixing to lose brother Merl and Sister Leah again. They came in so that we didn't forget their faces, but uh, Sister Leah won't let Brother Merl stay home. Amen. And She loves you grandkids. I promise. Amen. They we we have been missing brother Merl and Sister Leah, but we're glad glad to see y'all again. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. God richly bless you. Oh, yes. This Friday night is brother Austin and Sister Rose's uh reception and um and so we will be looking forward to that again. We're just so How many's glad to have Sister Rose here with us? Doesn't Doesn't Sister Rose make him look a lot better? Amen. makes we needed we needed somebody to bring some beauty to the to the place a face a place. Amen. But uh Amen. But we're we're sure sure glad to have Sister Rose here with us. Praise the Lord. All right. What we we' we'd better sing. What are we going to sing as we dismiss? Amen. [Music] Lord, won't you search me, Lord? Oh, let the light shine from heaven over my soul. If you find anything, take it out, oh Lord, strengthen me. I want to live right. I want to be saved. God bless you as you dismiss yourselves now. Yes. Search me, Lord. Won't you search me, Lord? Oh, shine your light down from heaven for my soul. And if you find anything, take it out. Oh Lord, I want to live right. I want to be safe. And I want to Oh, search me, Lord. Burn.
