################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 2025-06-22 Bro Miguel Gonzalez The Seed - Miguel Gonzalez.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   2025-06-22 Bro Miguel Gonzalez "The Seed"
Speaker: Miguel Gonzalez
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yp4TGYKjf6I
========================================

[Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. [Music] Shin of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy. Your bride sings holy, holy, holy. We want to see you. [Music] I want to see you. So open the eyes of my heart, Lord. I pray. Open the eyes of my heart. I just want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. Open the eyes of this heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, cuz I want to see you. Please let me see you. See you high and lifted up and shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy. The bride sings holy, holy, holy. We want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I long to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. To see you high and lifted up and shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy. We sing holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. I pray open the eyes of this heart. I want to see you. I just want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Just open the eyes of my heart. Just let me see you. I want to see you to see you high and lifted up and shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy. The bright sing. Holy, holy, holy. I want to see you together. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see. Oh, and open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I really want to see you. to see you high, lifted up, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. We sing holy, holy, holy, I want to see you. I want to see you. Can you just lift your hand? Make a proclamation. [Applause] No man really seeks after God or but it's God seeking man. And I'm so glad that he found me. You glad he found you this morning. Amen. That you're in his hand. Amen. Maybe we could just go to prayer. If you got an unspoken need, just lift your hand to God and seize. Amen. Heavenly Father, we come into your house, Lord, gathered in your name to worship you. For we see you who who you are, and you've revealed yourself through your word and through signs and wonders and miracles and healings and deliverances, Lord. For this is who you are. This is your attributes that you had a desire in your mind before the worlds was even made. You made heavens and earth. Amen. And you said it was good. And all the animals and all and you made man in your own image and said it's very good. Lord, we're gathered here today because of you. because of who you are, Lord, and as your creation, Lord, we give back to you, Lord. You praise and honor and glory for the wonderful things that you've done in our midst, Lord. We've come just as a humble group of believers, Lord, asking you to come once again. Amen. Reveal yourself in your majesty, Lord. Open our eyes. We want to see you, Lord. Tonight you said you'd give the you'd give the desire of every living thing. Lord, that's my desire this morning, Lord. And I believe the desire of this church, Lord, to see you high and lifted up. Oh God, once again, Lord, you said Jes when in flesh, if if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men to me. Lord, that's her desires. It's you would you would manifest yourself through flesh for it was that was your desire. Amen. You came in the days of your of your flesh, Lord, 2,000 years ago, Lord. But you said, I I go away, but I'll not leave you comfortless. I I'll come to you. I'll be with you, even in you till the end of the world, Lord. Lord, our heart aches, Lord, to see you once again. Lord, just take our these vessels, Lord. May they be vessels of honor. May we be in instruments of righteousness to display your glory once again. And that the all the glory would be given unto you, Lord. We stand in your presence this morning as redeemed sons and daughters of God. Amen. Amen. just use us now for we ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, I pray for Amen. all those that can't be here this morning for our pastor ministering in Canada. Lord, for all those that are sick and afflicted, Lord. Amen. That you'll your stripes that you bore that your crucifixion would heal every single one of them, Lord. Raise them up. Lord, we ask all these things in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. And the church said, won't you give him a hand clap of praise this morning? [Applause] Amen. Just feel led in the midst of all these wars and rumors of wars. Amen. That uh we'd read the 23rd Psalm this morning. Amen. I'll read the first verse and if you'll read the second and the fourth and we'll read the sixth verse, the last verse all together. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. [Music] He restoreth my soul. He leadth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. valley. [Music] Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Can you give him a praise this morning? Don't have anything to worry about. In the midst of war or the rumors of war, the Lord is my shepherd. Amen. I shall not want anything, Amen. beside him. So God bless you this morning as we sing praises to him. Amen. Just sing as they say in Jerusalem. Amen. Shalom. Amen. [Music] Shalom. [Music] Shalom. [Music] Peace and good morning. He is on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. I say to my brothers and sisters in Israel and Jerusalem, though the bombs are everywhere, your enemy around you, shalom. Shalom. Oh, peace and good morning. He is on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. Oh, we are. Oh, won't you turn around and tell your brother and sister, "Oh, shalom. Shalom." Peace and good morning. He is on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. Oh, we are almost home. Shalom. Shalom. [Music] Peace and good morning. He is on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. [Music] Oh, we are almost home. Oh, shalom. Shalom. [Music] Peace and good morning. He is on the throne. Shalom. [Music] Shalom. We are almost home. Oh, shalom. Shalom. He send good morning. He is on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. [Music] We are almost home. Oh, we are almost home. Oh, we are almost home. [Music] Can you see the clock from where you stand? Can you tell the hour by the pointing of the hand? And night is fast approaching. There's shadows in the land. Can you see the clock from where you stand? Can you see the clock from where you stand? Can you tell the hour by the pointing of the hand? For night is fast approaching. There's shadows in the land. Can you see the clock from where you stand? [Music] I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. And the earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter. When I need a friend, I go to the rock. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders reject. I run to the mountain and the mountain was that come for the offering. When the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter when I need a friend I go to the road. Would you bow your heads with me as we ask the blessing on the offering, brother Harry? [Music] Lord Jesus, we just come into your presence once more, Lord. And Lord, we just lift before you these tithes and offerings, Lord. We pray that you would just, Lord, use them for the furtherance of kingdom. Lord, we lift before you the people, Lord. Those that are able to give and those that aren't. Lord, I pray that you would just bless them and watch over them. Lord, we just commit the remainder of the service into your hands. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [Music] Where do I go [Music] when there's no one else to turn to? Who do I turn to? [Music] When nobody wants to listen. [Music] And there's no foundation stable. I go to the rock. I know he's stable. I go to the rock. I go to the rock. Oh, put your hands together this morning. Make a joyful noise. Run to the rock and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter when I need a friend. Oh, let's sing another verse. [Music] Where do I hide [Music] when the bombs have all passed over? Where do I run to when the winds of sorrow threaten? In this time of tribulation, when my soul needs consolation, I go to the rock. I go to the rock. My salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. Run to me and the mountain stands by me. When the sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand when I need a shelter. When I need a friend I go to the rock. When I need a shelter when I need a shelter when I need a friend I go to the road. Oh, can you give him a praise? Lord, you're our rock. Amen. Amen. Could we go to A? I love to sing your praise. I love to sing your praise, Lord. I love the sound of your name. [Applause] It fills me with peace. Washes over me like the sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise, Lord. It brings [Music] Oh, you're going to have to help me this morning. Well, I love to sing your praise. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace, washes over me like the sweet gentle rain. I love to sing your praise to the Lord. Bring it through. No matter what I all of my days, love to sing your praise. One more time. I love to sing a praise, Lord. Oh, sounds good. [Music] It brings the victory. No matter what I face all of my days, love to sing your praise. No matter what, no matter what I face through all of my days, love to sing your praise. Then praise him, Lord. Amen. A name higher than any name. Amen. You may be seated. I didn't get the chance to ask Sister Tracy. I know she's going to say yes. She's get a song. She's got a song this morning. How many love Sister Tracy? She said I was If she didn't know me, I was mean and scary. Now, can you believe that? [Music] But she's she's changed her mind. What was that? Okay. It's all right. Yeah. Now, my wife reminded me as she's getting ready to come that uh 41 years ago when I uh uh asked my pastor, I think I ought to ask sister Leah to uh marry me. And uh he said, "I think that'd be all right." And uh so after she said yes, pastor got up and in the pulpit and made the announcement that uh brother uh Merl asked Sister Leah to marry him and and she said yes and the church applauded. So that's a fact. Amen. They thought it was a good idea. Amen. Even though I'm probably sure some didn't. But uh sure appreciate Sister Tracy. Amen. All she means to us. And so she's got a just a beautiful gift of of of song. And so God bless you, Sister Tracy. When I think of how he came so far from glory, came and dwelt among the lowly such as I to suffer shame and such disgrace. on Mount Calary. Take my place. Then I ask myself a question. Who am I? Who am I that a king would bleed and die for? Who am I that he would pray? Not my will thine. [Music] The answer I may never know why he ever loved me so that to an old rugged cross he'd go for who am I [Music] when I'm reminded of his words. I'll leave thee never. Just be true. I'll give to you life forever. [Music] I wonder what I could have done to deserve God's only son to fight my battles till they're [Music] a King would bleed and die for. Who am I that he would pray? Not my will for the answer. I may never know why he ever loved me so that through an old rugged cross he'd go for who am I to an old rugged cross he'd go for who Am I? [Music] Amen. He says, "We're the church." Amen. And we're the triumph church. Amen. Let's sing that. Amen. This morning, let let the church be the church. Let the people [Music] rejoice for we've settled the question and we've made our choice. Let the anthems ring out. The songs of victory swell for the church. Triumphant is alive. Let's try it. Oh, let the church be the church and let the people rejoice. But we've settled the question and we've made our choice. Let the anthems ring out. The songs of victory swell for the church triumpant is alive. Oh, one more time. Oh, let the church be the church. Oh, do you know who you are? For we've settled the question and we've made our choice. Let the anthems ring out the songs of it. Glory is well for the church. Triumphant for the church triumphant. Oh yes. God's church triumphant is alive and will. Amen. We're alive. Amen. Cuz he lives, we live also. Amen. Lord, I believe in you. [Music] I'll always believe in you. Though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you and I'll keep my trust in you. Let this whole world say what they may. No one can take this. your your way. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh, he's looking for believers this morning. Oh, I'll always believe in you. Oh, though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you [Music] and I'll keep my trust in you. Let this whole world say what they may. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe. Can we sing it one more time? Oh Lord, I believe in you. Oh, I'll always believe in you. Though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. And Lord, I believe in you. and I'll keep my trust in you. Let this whole world save what they may. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe. Can you praise him this morning that you're able to believe? Amen. It's a gift of faith. The Bible says, Amen. that he gives to each every man. Amen. Faith is a revelation. Amen. And how many's glad for the revelation of the message of the hour that we can recognize our day and its message. Amen. We don't have to worry. Amen. Jesus said, "Don't worry." Amen. There's no virtue in it. Amen. Take no thought of tomorrow. Amen. Tomorrow will take care of itself. Amen. For today is the day of salvation to all them that believe. Amen. So, God bless you this morning. Amen. And well, we've got special treat this morning. Amen. Brother Michael Gonzalez is going to minister for us this morning. How many appreciates Brother Michael and Sister Amy? Amen. Sister Amy keeps him in line and when she needs help, I help. Amen. And Memo helps. Amen. So we appreciate brother Michael and all he needs to this church and amen to the bride. So let's get behind brother Michael this morning. Amen. Just one more song in my heart. Would you help me sing it this morning? In times like these. Amen. We need a savior. Probably G is what we'll try. In times like these, [Music] we need a savior [Music] in times like these. [Music] You need an anor. Be very sure. Oh, be very sure. Oh, that your anor holds and grips the solid rock. What is that rock? This rock is Jesus. Yes, he's the one. This rock is Jesus. He's the only one. Be very sure. Be very sure all that your anor holds and grips the solid rock. Oh, sing another verse as he's coming in times like thee. [Music] You need the Bible in times like thee. [Music] Oh, be not idle. Be very sure. Be very Are you sure this morning? that your anchor holds and grips the solid rock. Oh, let's give him a wave offering. This rock is G. Thank you, Lord, for being our rock. Yes, he's the one [Music] We [Music] [Music] saw it rock. Let's sing that one more time. This rock is Jesus. He's the one. This rock is Jesus and the only one. Be very sure. I'll be very sure [Music] that you hold grips a solid rock. Amen. You gripping that rock here this morning. Amen. A solid rock. You know, it's always reassuring in life when you're going through a storm or you're just going through life in general and there's a lot of things that are wavering nowadays. A lot of things you look out across the world and we see a lot of teetering. But we have this one thing for sure that the word of God is the rock. And if we stand upon that, it's lasted through the ages and it's going to take us home. Amen. Amen. Well, it's just wonderful to be in the house of the Lord here this morning and uh good to see everybody and looks like we're almost all accounted for. You know, uh brother Donald hadn't really heard the update on brother Donald, but I'm sure that he's okay and getting out today. Okay. Okay. Well, that's wonderful. We we sure love brother Donald. How many loves Brother Donald? And uh my uh y'all wouldn't mind. My mom, she's there in the hospital and and she kind of had a situation with her gallbladder. I think they're full of stones. And so she was in a lot of pain. And I appreciate the prayers and appreciate the sisters, you know, uh that took up the burden to get her there and um you know, make sure that she was safe. I mean, they were there. I believe it was sister April and and Sister F and Sister Carol. They were there till like midnight and uh but that's what we're here for and I just want to say thank you. You know, that's my mom and just appreciate that. So, but um but if we could, we'd like to go ahead and just move into our scriptures here this even this morning and and um you know, I'm a I'm an evening preacher, you know, so you're going to get this evening. So, that's just what it is, you know. I'm just going to say this evening. this is what's going to happen, you know, and and um but sure just enjoyed all the songs and the things that are that have been sung and s sister Tracy song there and just putting it out there, you know. I sure love her. Sure love her specials. But uh if we could, I'd like to go ahead and move into the scriptures here in Genesis the first chapter starting at the ninth verse. Uh when you're there, just say, "Man, you know, uh when you study when you study on a thought, you know, you got everything all written down and all put in place and everything and you think that you know exactly what you're going to say and and then uh you know, when brother Merl or Kobe gets up, you know, then you know things are for real. You know, you're fixing to go out there and things are going to get real, you know. So, but uh this is what we got. Lord laid it on our heart. So, we're just going to kind of preach what preach what's here. But here in the ninth verse, first chapter of Genesis reads like this. And God said, "Let there be waters under the heaven be gathered together into one place, and let the dry land appear." And it was so. And God called the dry land earth, and the gathering together of the waters called the heas. And he saw that it was good. And God let said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, their herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is upon itself, upon the earth." And it was so. And the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding seed, and after his kind, and the tree yielding the fruit, whose seed was in itself after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And I have one more scripture that I'd like to go to. Just read one verse going to the second chapter of Genesis, just one page over, seventh verse. And I didn't give none of my scriptures to sister to Khalila or the crow's nest up top there. So, um, we're just going to see how fast she is, you know. But, seventh verse, it reads like this, second chapter. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living soul. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we just love you, Lord. We just want to thank you for the opportunity to be in your house, Lord. and just Lord sing songs to you and just be able to pray to you and just puress of spirit. Lord, we just thank you for your presence. And Lord, I would just ask God that you would just see our brothers and sisters, brother Donald, my mother, Lord, that are there in the hospital. Lord, I just pray that you would just be with them and continue to heal them, strengthen their body, Lord, be with our pastor, Lord, as he's up north. Lord, I would just pray that you would just be with him in his sermon, Lord. Lord, we just be careful to give you the glory and the honor this morning in Jesus name. Amen. You could be seated here this this morning. You know, um I was thinking about this little these passages of scripture and uh we went out west and um I got to visit to the other half of the world, you know, over there. I've been main mainly east and got to see uh you know the pines and different things and you know but here recently we went out and we just seen the desert and and uh got to see God's creation over in that area you know and we just got to see the huge towering rocks you know and and just got to see all the the wonderful creation and and um you know but when I was up in one of the places one of the uh little sight areas you know you kind of pull off off to the road and and you look out over into the canyons and just just miles deep, you know, and but everywhere you look, you begin to see uh rocks and how the rocks were just split open and how that there would be trees just growing right in the middle of them and and uh you know and and I was just looking at this rock and looking at how that you know massive this rock is and how you know strong it is and everything but wherever there was a seed was there was something there that was calling life to it and it didn't matter matter if the seed was in the desert and what the climate was, but um you know it was it was right there in the middle of it and you could see where the seed was just splitting or the trees were just splitting the rocks and and they were growing out and I just thought that was kind of fascinating. So that's kind of where I just draw my thought from here this morning. And but I was thinking about this and you know you can go back and you can look a lot of brother Brandham's sermons you know spoken word the original seed the seed shall possess uh the gates of its enemy you know he also speaks another uh sermon it's called the seed of discrepancy and so there's a lot of things that are placed there and u predominantly you know it parallels with life in general but uh but you know there's a so I begin to think about this and how that the seed seed planting of seeds and different things. It's all a process. It's not something that's just done overnight. It's not microwavable, you know, not just like popcorn kind of a thing, but there's a process that takes place. And uh you know, I'm sure the I call it the garden club, you know, the little garden club over there, you know, they got their little they got their uh they got their little beds and the different things that they put out there, you know, and but before you go out there every year, you know, uh you got to go out there and you got to get the weed eater out, you know, and you got to go out there and weed eat in between the in between the beds and you got to do um you know, certain things to prepare to be able to plant the garden, you know, And you know, there's a lot of seeds, you know, that uh, you know, that are ready to be uh, planted. You know, there's squash seed that gets planted out there. There's tomato seeds. There's, uh, whatever else kind of seeds, you know. I mean, there's a lot of seeds that get planted out there. But, you know, you just don't go out there and just you just don't uh, dig back the dirt a little bit and just throw a seed down there and you just have at it, you know. I mean, uh, but there's a lot of preparation that takes place. Uh, you know, you have to prepare the dirt and and you know, you make sure that there's water out there and so that you know, they got they got themselves a little hydrant that's out there, you know, so they can water the seeds that are put out there. And then you got to make sure that it's not covered. You got to make sure that the light can get to it, you know, and and uh but there's also a part of the process that is death, you know, that takes place. The seed has to die in order for it to bring forth life. And and I begin to think about how that, you know, in the scriptures, you know, there's a there's a lot of parallel that takes place. And God God even uh in the scriptures, he refers he refers to the kingdom of heaven as a grain of mustard seed. and and thinking about this, you know, I begin to think that how interesting that God uses these things to be able to try and bring, you know, our life and the scripture and he uses and we all know that God uses nature to be able to kind of expose himself to man and to be able to try and, you know, to be able to try to get you thinking about how things is. and you know and doing that you know it kind of jogs your memory and it kind of be able to put you in the mind frame of God and and I'll begin to think about how that there's you know there just uh there's a lot of things that you know like I said that when you go to when you go to plant you know your garden that there's a lot of things you got to get out in order to put in and how that you know I I look in the scriptures here and I begin to find and in one passage of scripture that kind of stands out to me is uh there in Matthew 13 and three the uh yeah Matthew 13 and3 you know the scripture talks about it's a parable and he talks about the he talks about the seeds that are in the in the ground and the planting of the seeds and if we could go ahead and go to that scripture there Matthew 13:3 and he spake many things unto them in parables saying behold a sewer went forth to sew and when he sowed some seeds fell by the wayside and the fouls came and he devoured them up. Some fell upon stony places where they had not much earth, and for with they sprung up, because they had no detness of earth. And when the sun was up, they were scorched. And because they had no root, they withered away. And some fell among thorns, and the thorns sprung up, and he choked them. But others fell on good ground and brought forth fruit, some 100fold, and some 60fold, and some 30fold. Now looking at this I feel like sometimes in our life we all file we all fall into one of these categories somewhere where where the seed of God is uh begins to be cast out and we know that it it's a minister or preacher your pastor you know or or sometimes it's the reading of the scriptures that's u being beginning to cast out the seed and and even in this building here this evening seeds being or this morning I told you you're going to get some evenings but uh but you know but even even this morning the seeds being cast out that here with in your minds and in your hearts and the scriptures that are being read or are seeds that are are to be planted there and they're they're to take root. And if we're not careful, sometimes we fall in a lot of these categories. Uh uh you know, but we all want to fall there in the eighth verse and in the good ground where the seed can fall on the good ground and bring forth fruit, you know, and but technically it's not always the case. If we're not careful, God will begin to to cast the seed of the word out over our lives. And it begins to fall on stony ground. It begins to fall on a place where where it doesn't take root and and we go through our trials. We go through the things of our life and and you know uh things of the earth begins to uh uh you know pluck it up and and the winds of life begin to take it away and and sometimes if we're not careful the seed begins to be put on the wayside and it begins to be uh get be able to be put out there and the different things of of the world, you know, begins to just take away the seed. But the the goal is is to be able to have a place that the seed could be planted in our heart to where God can manifest what he has desired in our life. And and thinking about these things, you know, there's there are some things that if we're not careful, we're going to have stones and we're going to have we're going to have seeds. Now, talking about this seed, it's not always good seed that's always planted in in the ground that there that there's all there's in order to go to the garden, you got to pull the undesired seeds out. You got to be able to go and you got to pull the weeds and you got to go pull all the whatever whatever the things that are in there, you know, and you begin to go out there and and I don't I haven't met a met somebody that went out to plant a garden or a flower garden that went out there and say, "Oh, wow. These are some beautiful weeds. You know, I'm going to water these weeds and we're going to let them grow and I'm just going to plant my little flower here." Because what'll happen is is the wrong seed will take the nutrients of the good seed and it'll begin to grow stronger or to begin to grow, you know, just as the flowers or the vegetables or the different things that you're planting, you know, but God's desire is is in order to have this good ground is for you to be able to pull out the the to be able to pull out the bad seed and be able to pull out the the um you know, all all of the weeds that are in our life. And sometimes if we're not careful, we can allow things to grow in the garden, you know, of our lives and and things of bitterness will begin to grow and things of insecurities will might might begin to grow or or you might have complexes that might develop or or you might have uh like I said, bitter feelings about about different individuals and and God can't use those kinds of things in order for his garden to be planted because if you're not careful, they'll choke out the seed that's there and and it'll affect your prayer time and it'll affect your time where you're sitting in the service and you're listening to a minister or it will affect the time that you know a a time that you're driving in the car and God's trying to focus and talk and speak with you but you're filled up with bitterness or you're filled up with ideas of things you know that's and so those are the seeds that we're talking about and and you know uh and not to not to draw off from the thought there but you know again I I had said that the the scripture uses the seed and he uses the planting of the garden as a parallel well for our lives. So if you go down from Matthew 13 or Matthew 13 and 8, we can go down actually to the 19th verse verse, he explains very clearly about what he's talking about. He's not just talking about just throwing some seed. He's not teaching us how to how to how to do a garden. God's not God's not an a garden instructor, but he uses these things so it can kind of catch our eye to what we're to what he's desiring us to see. So we see here in the 19th verse he says when anyone hear he's he's explain explaining the parable uh to his disciples here in the 19th verse he says when anyone hear the word of the kingdom and understand it not then cometh the wicked one and carrith away carry away that which was sworn or or sown in his heart. This is he which receiveth the seed by the wayside. But he that receiveth the seed in the stony places, the same is is he that heareth the word and anon, I don't know what that is, which which joy receiveth it. He hath no root in himself, but in or endureth for a while. For when tribulation or persecution arises because of the word by and by, he is offended. He also he also that receiveth seed from among the thorns is he that heareth the word and carth or care and care of the world and the deceitfulness of riches choke the word and becometh unfruitful. But but he that receiveth seed into his good ground is he that heareth the word and understand it which is which also beareth fruit and bringeth forth fruit some 100 and some 60 and some 30. So now now we're going from the actual physical portion of what he's talking about in in the parable here where he's talking about a natural seed, but when he gives his explanation, he's not giving you an explanation of of you know dirt and rocks and this, but he's applying it to your life and he's applying it to about the word. And now the word as if we don't know yet, but the word is a seed. and the seed can be planted in your heart and and and it's up to us to let that word grow in order for it to manifest uh the word in our lives. And I begin to look at this about how that about how that the word is something that in order for it to grow, we must be able to pull the things of our lives out. There's a lot of things that that we might that we might not might have rooted whether whether uh you know it's something that has happened to us when we were a kid or it was something that was that had happened to us or some something had you know somebody had did something to us and it's just something that seated within our within our hearts. But God's desire is for that seed of the word to be able to come open and become real in your life. So in other words, it would take some it's going to take some plowing. you know, and it's going to take somebody to get out into your garden. And it's not the literal garden that's out there. But just like as if you're going out to a literal garden, you got to be able to go to the garden of god's garden in prayer and to be able to come out and to be able to root these things out by the word and to be able to take, you know, you just got to get dirty. You just got to be able to come to a place, you know, and I'd always like the the example of the altar about where somebody could come and be able to come and just lay their life out before God and just be able to come and, you know, pull out the stones of bitterness and pull out the weeds of uh uh, you know, of unbelief and and, you know, pull out the, you know, all of the different uh all of the different uh seeds of of of, you know, discrepancy is what brother Brandham types it out. And you know, I begin to look at this and I begin to go and when we were as we were talking about how that there's multiple seeds that that are being planted in the ground. Uh you can you can go for or you can go there in Matthew 13, you know, that's the whole seed chapter, you know, the whole the whole anything to do with the seeds you can go and you can find there in Matthew. But it says there in Matthew 13:24, it says, "In another parable, put he forth unto them, saying, the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which seth good seed in his field. But when a man slept, his enemy came and it sowed tears among among the wheat. And when and went and he went his way. But when the blades was spring up, he brought forth fruit, and he appeared to the tears also." So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, "Sir, dust not thou sow good seed in thy field from which hast or from which then hath it tears?" He said unto them, "An enemy hath done this?" And the servant said unto him, "Wilt thou that we go and gather them up?" But he said, "Nay, lest while you gather up the tears, ye root up also the wheat with them. Let's both let both grow together unto the harvest. And in the time of the harvest, I will say to the reapers, gather ye together first the tears and bind them in the bundles to burn them. But gather the wheat into my barn. So now we have two seeds that are being planted up. One is one is the one of wheat and one the one is the one of tears. Now there one of these seeds is a desired seed. And I believe that every one of us here, we desired the the seed of God to be planted in our lives. We don't ever we don't ever want to we don't ever want to sew the seed of of of of disbelief in our hearts of towards the word of God. But but the thing was is that both seeds were going to go uh both seeds were going to grow up and and the and the and the goodman was just like was like no let's let both of them grow up and let's both of them figure out which one they are at harvest time. and and in saying this, you know, that we have to let we let the seed of God begin to come into our hearts and and if we're not careful, you know, both of them grow up, you know, now the thing about this uh the thing about this uh the planting here and and the farmer going out and do this is that both of them receive the same rain, both of them receive the the the same, you know, both of them receive the same winds, both of them receive the same sun, both of them receive the the same, you know, the same nutrients, the se the the the ground was plowed and the ground was, you know, was was all ready for the seeds. But the enemy come in and he swed the seeds or of the tears that in the field and and if we're not and sometimes in our lives we can plow the field and and we can and we can plant the seeds of God in our lives but the enemy would like to come and he would like to plant seeds of of doubt in our hearts and and and sometimes we there's a lot of us you know the farmer every time a farmer begins to go out he has a desired crop that he would want planted in his field whether it be wheat whether it be soybean whether Whether it be tomatoes, whether it be this, and sometimes there's desired, there's desired seeds of God's word that we want to plant in our life. We might be a young family, you know, and and and and we might be healthy in our bodies and we have children. And so therefore we we sewed seeds of of you know the word in uh in our in our little in our in our uh field uh you know for the Lord to be able to save our children and be able to save you know uh um you know make us stronger believers in God's word or you might be an elder and you might have be sewing seeds of healing in your body or you might be sewing u you know a stronger walk with God or you might be sewing these these things but there's always there's always an enemy that's out there as the scripture was saying, "There's always an enemy out there watching the farmer as he's beginning to sew seed." And that's how the devil works is he wants to be able to sew seeds of doubt and disbelief in your life. and to be able to to be able to try to deter you away from what what God is doing. And and and we if we're not careful, we begin to listen to the seed, the seed of discrepancy, or we begin to listen to the tears and and and and and we begin to look and say, "Well, you know, you the seed or the tears begin to talk to us and they and they begin to say, "Hey, you know, you know, I receive the same rain that you are and I receive the same son that you are. What's different from me?" You know, and if we're not careful, we begin to lean to the ideas of the devil and say that and he when he speaks to us and he tells us that, you know, the situation's too bleak for your children or the situation's too bleak in your body to where you're not going to be able to overcome or you're not going to be able to receive healing. But you know, there's something in the process of planting the seed. First of all, when you plant the seed, obviously you prepare the ground, but yet there's there's a watering of the seed that takes place and then there's also as we said that there's a death, but there's a germmitation that that takes place in the seed in order to bring the seed to life. And looking at this, you know, I I I looking at this here going going down to what brother Brandham has talks about here here in the message broken sisters. It says I it's just like I was speaking the the other night about the little eagle walking in the barnyard with the chickens and he had never known nothing else but the chickens but he had known that there was something that was different about the chickens and then his mother coming hunting him she screamed from above and it was an eagle's call. See she had had she had to be an eagle to begin with or he would have never recognized the call. See, there has had to be something there to germatize it or it could never produce life. If the seed, the word of God that is in you, the Holy Spirit is here now to germatize that uh to germatize that and bring it to life, it is a reality to you. So now, first of all, in order for you to be able to even receive the word of life, there has to be something there to call out and to respond to the seed that that was that is to be planted. There has to be a desire for overcoming power, you know, and if there was never a desire for overcoming power and you just wanted to live the same old life that you live, whether you're drinking or smoking or listening to, you know, whatever worldly music or running around and carousing or something like there, there's there's nothing ever there to be able to respond to the word of God or crave the word of God, you know, to be able to come in your life. But but in order for there's something to be germatized, there has to be something there at the beginning. And it kind of reminds me of the old pond lily, you know, scenario about how that, you know, that that there in the muck and the mire of the pond, you know, there's a seed that's down in the bottom of there, down at the bottom of that pond, you know, and and and no matter whether it's been covered up with mud, whether it's been covered up by rocks or whatever whatever it might be covered up with, once that light begins to shine over that seed, the seed begins to call out. And it doesn't matter where it's at in its life. It doesn't know, it doesn't matter uh, you know, how much that it's been covered over. It begins to respond to the light and it begins to grow out of the muck and begins to come up to the top of the pond. It don't know why. You know, it the seed doesn't know why. Why? Why that it's responding to to the sunlight in the way that is, but it knows that there's something that's calling it that there's something that's that's there in the sunlight that's there that's calling it out. And that's why, you know, every one of us are here in service here this morning. It's because, you know, there's a lot of things that we could be doing. So, a lot of us have work that we could be doing. A lot of us have things around the house that we could be doing. A lot of us have children that we could be getting prepared for the next the next day at school. But yet, there's something that brought you to the house of God because God is calling you to do so. But in order for the you know and and you could no matter what state or what situation you are in your life but there's something when the word of God is preached that it's saying that yes I can overcome certain things in my life. Yes, my children can be saved because the word because the word said so and the word and and I believe the word. yet. And there's something that's within us that begins to scream out that says regardless of what the tears say, regardless of what the people at work say, regardless of what whether I'm I'm I'm in the valley of the shadow of death or regardless of the enemy coming against me and and saying that I can't overcome, but yet there's something that screams out that says I can do that. And what it is is it's God's word. It's the light that comes over the seed that's within you that germatizes the seed in order for it to bring forth. Amen. The God's glory. Now, it's not your glory. It's not something that you're just the ground. And that's where we had read there in the scripture where he talked about, you know, and I love how God parallels a lot of this stuff and how God doveetails a lot. He says he formed man out of the dust of the ground. You guys are just a bunch of dirt, right? Right. You You're just a bunch of dirt. You know, you might have a nice suit on, you might have a nice tie, you might have a $100, you know, $100 worth $100 worth of shoes that that's there on your feet, but you're just dirt and and you know, but God was using this dirt and God made this dirt and he breathed life into it. But but but but it wasn't the full focus was just to bring life, but God had attributes that was trying to be displayed of himself, amen, through you. And and begin to think about this is what is it? What is it that is in what is it that's in me that responds back to the word when it's preached? What is it that's in me? Amen. That when the word of God preached is being preached, the neighbor that's right next to you can't see it. You know, the neighbor that's right next to you, they're like they're like, I I I just can't believe that. I don't I I just don't get the whole thing about, you know, an end time message. I just don't get the whole thing about a prophet. You know, you know, good luck to you. But yet there's there's something in you when you when you go to bed that you you're looking up into the ceiling and you're like, "God, you know, what is this? What is it that's calling out to me?" You know, I hear the word that's being preached and and there's something inside of me that says, you know, I believe that. And what it is is is God before the foundation of the world planted a seed with you in mind in your heart that it would be able to respond. and and and saying this that when when God had done this, when God had done this, it wasn't just by just by luck. It wasn't just by, you know, you just go out there and you're just going to throw some seed out there and God was just like, "Wherever it lands, it lands." But yet, God knew exactly where you would be at at this moment. God knew exactly about about what you would be struggling with. God knew exactly how that you were going to respond to it. Therefore, he planted the seed in you and he knew that you wouldn't give up in the hard times. He knew that it didn't matter how how how deep and how dark the situation got, but that seed would begin to manifest itself at the appointed time. Now, I began to think about this, you know, talking going back to the old garden club over here, you know, and I began to think about this, you know, the the old garden club. You don't see the garden club out there during the winter, you know. You don't see the garden club out there when there's snow in the ground and they're going out there and they're pulling up pulling up weeds and they're pulling up the different things that's that's in the garden. They're like, "Oh, I'm going to plant this garden out there." But there had to be a season. There has to be a time that when you plant the seed that you know that it's the right sunlight, that you know that the rain is just right, that you know all these things are all in play so the seed can grow. Now there's a lot of time there's a lot of times that we can look and you can be like well Lord I mean if you look through the message of the hour you know you can begin to think that you know uh you know how is it that I'm to manifest the word for my time. Now when we first think about seeds, when we first think about it, the first person that pops into my head is is Abraham. Looking at these, looking at this here, the seed is not heir with the shuck. It says here the seed one seeds not seed. Well, actually, first of all, let me go to a scripture. We're going to go to a scripture here. They're in Genesis 22:14. And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah Gyra, as it is said unto this day, the mount of the Lord, it shall be seen. And the angel of the Lord called unto Abraham out of the heaven the second time, and said, By myself have I sworn, saith the Lord, for because thou hast done this thing, and has not withhold thy son, thy only son, that in the blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars in heaven, and as the sand which is upon the seashore, and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemy. and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed because thou has obeyed my b has obeyed my voice. And that's great for Abraham. Yeah, that's great for Abraham for God to come down and say, Abraham, I'm going to bless your seed and everybody that's in your seed is going to be blessed and they're going to be blessed uh you know, like for all the sands of the sea and all these. But those things are great for Abraham, but what's that do for me? I'm not of Abraham's lineage naturally. You know, I I you know, you can't trace my my my roots, I think anyways, go back down to Mexico. You know, I mean, my roots have nothing to do with overseas. The root my roots have nothing to do with all that. So, what's that have to do with me? What's Abraham's physical seed have to do with me? Which would be able to cancel a lot of us out. But it be and you know, but thank God for a message because I begin to look I begin to look into the quotes here. It says here the seed one not or or one seed not seeds but one seed going back to the message the seed shall not be at the air with the sh but one seed. These others were not seed of Abraham because Abraham's seed was the faith seed. Yes, it's that God that God was speaking of not of his natural seed because after Sarah died Abraham married another woman and had seven sons besides daughters. So it wouldn't be Abraham's seed. It was Abraham's or Abraham's seeds plural. It would be Abraham's seed one. And that was Abraham's faith seed pointing to the royal seed that was to come through Abraham's faith. Not Abraham's natural seed, but Abraham's spiritual seed who took everything contrary to the to God's word and called it as it though it was not and believed God against hope, believing in hope. That was the real seed that he was speaking of. So, we're not talking about a natural Abra. We're not talking about a natural seed of Abraham, but we're talking about the spiritual seed of Abraham. Now, I'm getting somewhere with this. Now, we're talking about a spiritual seed of Abraham. We're not talking about, oh, the the natural lineage of of of Abraham, but yet God used Abraham's dirt. God used Abraham's dirt in order to bring forth the spiritual seed. Again, we we know that God's talking in par or in parables. And now he's bringing the truth of the matter. And the truth of the matter is is that the faith seed that was in Abraham was the seed that God was talking about that I'm going to I'm going to multiply this seed. I'm going to multiply this seed that would that in your life. Amen. And it's going to bring forth my seed. Now, think about this. So, so as we begin to go, we begin to talk about this faith seed. Who is this faith seed? But there there in old time, Abraham's time, the way that uh yeah, but in in the old times in Abraham's now, we're trying to bring it down to us. We're trying to see where God's bringing it down to us. Now, we're talking about the faith seed, but but how is this what is this this faith seed that's within us that that how is this how is Abraham's seed faith seed all of a sudden? How is this bringing beginning to come down to us? And so now we begin to go into this message. Going go into the next quote here. It says, "But in old times, in Abraham's time, the way that they made a covenant was to kill a sacrifice and to stand in between the sacrifice. And then what they did was they wrote out a covenant on a lambkin and they tore it." And brother Brandham takes and tears a piece of paper to illustrate. One took one piece and the other took the other. Now when the covenant was confirmed, they brought the they brought it together. There was no there was no one that could impersonate that. See, it was to dovetail letter by letter just exactly the way that it was that it was shown down to the rightful owner of this piece uh that uh of of this piece has a part. This is the same covenant that we have to come together and dubtail just exactly the same. And God was showing there to Abraham that through his seed that God's Abra or that through his seed that God himself would become flesh and then have to be separated at Calvary. When Christ being when when Christ being God on the earth was separated, God tore him apart, the royal seed of Abraham and he took the life out of him and he raised up a body to sit on the throne in heaven and sent back his spirit o of of him upon the church that the that the church has to have the same spirit was in Christ to make it come together. making Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. Confirming of the covenant. God confirming the covenant. God separating and tearing the life from Christ, his son, taking the spirit out of him. He cut these animals in two, standing between the animals, the light, the light God himself went between them, showing that he separated the body, the seed, the royalty, and he took the spirit and sent it back upon the church. So there's where God begins to bring the two together. God took the natural body and he sent it to heaven, but he came in and he sent the spirit back down on the earth. And that's why it is so important to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's because what you're doing is you're making a covenant. God is making a covenant with you that he promises you, amen, that that that through this covenant that one day you take the spirit that's within you and it takes God the body, one day they mix and it's not impersonatable. It's not something that that Satan can come and he can be able and try the and try and do the same thing God did because the one thing he can imperson Satan can impersonate the gifts Satan can Satan can impersonate. Amen. uh I mean a good natural body on the outside. He could dress right. He might be able to sing. He might be able to preach. He might but the one problem that he has is he's not able to live the life because the only way that the life can be lived is by the spirit of God. And what happens is when the spirit of the Holy Spirit begins to come in your life, it responds to the seed. Okay? It there's something that's within you that responds to the seed. Now, now in order for this to happen, now there has to be a germmitation of the seed that's within you. Now, how do you get this seed? Now, you begin to think as well now everybody wants to go out and buy seed. Now I'm going go buy you know everybody thinks that you can just buy you know the seed of God like you do a tomato seed or you go out and buy a seed of God like you do a cucumber seed or no but that seed has been laid within you through predestination in your heart before the foundation of the world. God planted that seed in there. You had nothing to do with it. There was yeah you was in your muck. You were in your mind. You might have been in drugs. You might have been running with women. You might have been doing a lot of these other things, but yet there was a seed that was inside of you that was calling out to me. Every time you smoked a cigarette, every time you drunk a beer, every time that amen, you were running around and doing things that you weren't supposed to, there was something that little conscience that was inside of you that was tapping you on the shoulder that was telling you this isn't you. I mean, this mean you shouldn't be doing this. I mean, God expects something better than you. And therefore, therefore, you begin to go and you begin to try to do things. Now remember, amen, there's the seed of discrepancy that's there as well. And it grows up just like the other seeds. It grows up, it gets watered like it. It gets sunshine just like it. And therefore, there's where the denominations come into play. They get they look so close to the original seed. They look so close to what to what God's focus and what his goals are. Is that is that you begin to think, well, maybe this is it. But yet when the manifestation time comes, when the time comes for the farmer to begin to come out and he begins to come, look what the farmer said. He said, "No, let them grow up. Let them both be the same. Let them let them both receive rain. But when harvest times comes, you'll be able to pick out the wheat and the tears." And the thing is is is denomination has tried to has tried to mimic the seed in to be able to mimic the life by music. They try to mimic the life by being able to come up and and put together a a fancy sermon or being able to come up and be able to try to through be able to try to mimic the sea by prosperity. And you know, those things are good. We like good sermons and we like everybody to prosper and we all we like good music, but that that's not the focus of the gospel. The gospel is being able to change a life from the inside out. And it doesn't matter whether whether you have this world. It doesn't matter whether you have Cadillacs. It doesn't matter if you got money in the bank. It doesn't matter if you've got, you know, all your life put together or a fancy building or these different things because you know what? The savior didn't even have a house to sleep in. You the savior didn't even have a place to go. He was he went from place to place and and and he was fed, you know, but it was the life that was that was being shown to the disciples so the disciples could be able to to verify the the spirit of God inside of the believer and you you were chosen before the foundation of the world. You were chosen to serve God not by your own accord, but God planted the seed down in your heart. Amen. For you to when the word was be able to come in the right season. Now, if you were born in the wrong season or you try your your seed was trying to grow in the wrong season, it's just going to die. It's just not going to come. But you were chosen to live in this time. You were chosen to live in during a bride age. You were you were chosen to live at this time to be able that the word when in its maturity when it was be able to come and it was beginning to shine over your way. I like how brother Brandham describes it. the eagle scream that when the papa eagle was beginning to come out and it was being able to scream your name that there was something that was in you to respond. You were never you were never intended to be able to lay inside denomination. You were never intended to even just plainly sit inside of a message church and just live your life and be able to say, "Oh, I believe in a prophet." But it was a it was a it was the light of God's word. Amen. Not just anywhere. Not a message of justification. Not just a message of sanctification, but it was the message of the full restoration of the word that begin to call out the seed that say, you know what, I can take God's word and claim my healing. I can take God's word and be able to go and being able, amen, to speak the word over my loved ones that that they would be able to come into this life because there was a deep calling to the deep. I like this little story right here. And he said, now this is the dealing with predestination. We're talking about the seed now. Now we've gone from a natural seed that the garden cub club plants. Then we gone from the seed, you know, the faith seed of Abra or Abraham's natural seed because this is where a lot of this begins to kick out. And now we're beginning to go to the faith seed. But you can't just go purchase faith seed. You can't just walk out and say, "Oh, I got faith. I got faith." Because you'll begin to find where your faith is depending on the ground that you've prepared because some fall upon the stony ground. Some some of the seed. Now, it's all word of God. But it's up to you. But yet now begs the question is what is it that makes me call that makes me believe in this seed? It's not your pastor. Oh, we all love our pastor and he comes out here and he preaches the word of God. How many believe that? Amen. He preaches the word of God. We know. We can we can tell by the message. You can study it for yourself. You can read in the Bible that yourself that he preaches the word of God. But what is it that when he preaches this that comes and it calls out to you to be here whether the pastor's here or not? Okay. What is it that's inside of you that says that you know what to you know what if if all the world is stands alone. If all the world is it comes against this message there's there's something that's in me. There's something that's that's in me that calls out to the word of God that says, "God, I have no choice but to believe this. I have no choice but to believe this because it's something. It's who I am." Amen. You know, I'm just going to put a little thumb tack right there, a little sticky note there for the moment. You know, you can't help a thoroughbred. They like to run. And if you don't run in thoroughbred, they be they begin to get all messed up. They begin to get the jitters. They begin to have problems. They begin because they're a thoroughbred horse. And that's what they're made to do. You know, you can't help it. I mean, you can't help a fish that he likes to swim in water, you know? I mean, that's what that's what you could take a fish and you can and you can put him up in the tree all you want to, but he's going to die. You know, you could take a cow and you could you could you could make him want to fly as much as you want, but the second you push him off the cliff, he's going straight to the bottom because that's not what cows do. Amen. But but with with the son of God, there's something that's within him that when the word is preached and though it might be hard and though it might be though it might be cutting, though it might be something that you're just like, whoa, that hurts, you know, and it's just like, wow, what is it? But yet you show up the next day with your Bible and you're ready to go, is because there's something that's within you. It's like, God, don't let me get there. Don't let me get to heaven and stand in front of your in front of your white throne door. Don't let me get to the place to where where one day I begin to come and I realize, oh, amen. I threw your word to the wayside, but yet there's something that's calling out to you. And he said, well, you have said because you have five. Now, he's dealing with the woman at the well. Jesus is. And he says, well, you you said because you have five. And the one you're living with now is not your husband. He says quickly watch. There was the predestinated seed to eternal life. All the father have given me will come. Will. If that seed's within within within you, it will come. I don't care what you're going through here this morning. It will come. I don't care what battles you might be fighting fighting with. You might be you might be you might be covered over with certain things in your life that you can look at scripture and you can see where you don't line up, but there's a desire to be there. It will come. I lost my spot. It says quickly watch. There was a predestinated seed to eternal life. All the father has given me will come. No man can come unless he calls. Amen. Who calls? The word calls. The word calls you. It wasn't necessarily William Brandon, though. It was the vessel that God used. But it was God through that prophet, just like it was God through Moses, just like it was God through Jeremiah, just like it was God God through the the the patriarchs that was there. The preaching was of God was through Peter. All that I call will come. Don't let that tear sit there and tell you that you're not going to make a rapture. Don't let that tear sit there and tell you that your children are going to go off into the world and you'll never be able to come back. You know what? God will reach down to the pits. Some of us know cuz we've been there. Amen. There's those of us that have come that have come from the pit and God had to reach way down and God had to reach way down in life to be able to come and be able to grab us. Why? Okay. Now, now notice, hold on. Now, notice that when when Jesus went to the pool of Bethesda, okay? All the lame in the halt that were there, all of the Now, and if we don't know what the pool of Bethesda is, is a is once a year the angel would come and he would trouble the pool and he would trouble the waters that was there. And the first one that would get inside of the waters would be healed. Okay. Now, that was just that was just maybe an order or that was just something that was that was decreed through the through the prophets that was to be that was to be done every year so the people would have something to look to and be able to look. But that wasn't the purpose. Now notice when Jesus came was the trouble water was the waters troubled or was the angel that they were speaking of presently there at the time and notice he crossed all the different people that was there all the different lame all the different halts all the different ones that that were that were sick and they were in body and he come and he touched one seed he touched one seed that was there anyways throw that in Yeah. And he said, "And when the light flashed across that predestinated seed," now again, forgive me. I'm just going to go back a little bit. And the predestinated seed to eternal life, all the father had given me will come. No man can come unless he calls. See, all the father hath past tense. All that the father, all that the father hath called, see all that the father he unless he calls, see all that the father has past tense. So in other words, this has already happened. Has given me will come. And when the light flashed across the predestinated sea quickly, not like them educated scholars standing over there criticizing, they thought they were that group. They're educated. See, now remember, because they could trace their lineage, the scribes and the Pharisees and the and the educated men of that time could trace their lineage back to physical Abraham. Well, we be of Abraham's seed. No, but that wasn't that wasn't what God was talking about. See, they stood back and look, he says here, he says, "But they wasn't. They called him Beelzebub. They called him Beelub. The the the gene seed, the actual physical seed called the very one they were looking for Belzeub. He says Belub. But as soon as it hit the predestinated seed, the light flashed across it. She said, "Sir, now listen, listen. The seed was there just like the seed was in your life and somewhere you had heard the gospel whether it was from your mother or whether it was from your father or whether it it was by some preacher you happen to go somewhere she said she now listen it's not that she wasn't educated it's she said sir and look he says it come to life see quickened I perceive that thou are a prophet we know when the Messiah when he comes he'll do these types of work and all of a sudden the seed was quickened which is quickened means brought to life it was germmitized the seed was geratized in her heart and all of a sudden but think about it she was a prostitute think about it I mean she she she had done all ill-famed things and Jesus had even called her out and says and even the one the man that you're with right now is not even the one not even your husband and she's like whoa Oh, all of a sudden, what was it? It was that light beginning to shine over that seed. And it says here, "And when the light flashed across that predestinated seed quickly, oh no, sorry." And he said, "I'm he that speaks with you." Oh my. That settles it. See what all the father has given me. All the father has given me will come. He's talking about the preachers when he says, "As we only sow the seed, God lodges them wherever he will. some by the wayside and some come up from the thorns in a few days and the thistles and they choke them out. You see what God's done is he's he put the predestinated seed in your life in your heart and that's what you're able to respond with. That's why you know you know brother Mike you was out there in Kinwood Oklahoma but yet there it didn't matter how far off in the backwoods you were. It didn't matter how far off in life that you you thought that you were that but yet when God's light be to come out, God didn't have to come out and and drag you out with the rope. But there was something that was in you that was calling you to be able to come to the word of the hour and you are just the same spoken word seed that God is. If God tore himself in half and his body goes to heaven and his spirit comes down back on the believer, that gives you the power to say unto this mountain, "Be thou removed and cast into the sea." Amen. And those things have to happen because it's just as when God speaks. Amen. The a perfect a perfect example is Adam. How many believe Adam was the son of God? Amen. Amen. God scripture plainly says that that was there. the same power that was manifested in Adam wasn't just a one-time show and all of a sudden, oh, these are just great things. I'm just going to leave it at that. But yet, when I like the scripture where it says, "Unless a corn of a a a grain of a grain of corn fall into the ground and die," Amen. You know what what had to happen was God had to take his word, put it back down into the ground so that there would be other seeds, amen, that would that would produce of his life. And that's what God's doing here this evening. You didn't have no choice. You didn't have no have no thing. But there was something that was inside of you that was calling out. That was the word that was given for this day. Amen. Now, we can't hybrid this seed. You want the seed to work. You want God's word in your life to work. You can't hybrid it with doubt. You can't sit there and you can't sit there and and and expect God to do a miracle in your life and doubt God at the same time. Once the seed is germatized, you got to leave it alone. I love this right here where where brother Bram talks about the farmer. You see, you could take a man that looks like a Christian, acts like a Christian, but if that man hasn't got the word of God in him, if there's a germ of life in there to germmitize that, he'll never raise in the resurrection. That's right. Because he can't rise. There's nothing in him there to rise up again, a seed. Now, when you bury a seed, you farmers, you take and go out there and you plant your corn and and don't go out every morning and scratch it up and say, "Oh, let's see if it's growing." And anything happens. No. Then you put it back in and you late the next day, you say, "I want to see if there's how it's getting along." You scratch it up. It'll never grow like that. Well, the thing that you do with the seed, you commit it to the ground. Okay, you commit the word of God for your life into the ground. Whether it's overcoming, whether it's salvation for loved ones, whether it's baptism of Holy Ghost, whatever, whatever it is, whatever you could take from this and you can plant it into the ground, you commit it to the ground and you cover it up. That's all you can do about it. It's up to God to do the rest of it. It says, well, that's the same way it is with the word of God. If you take any divine promise God God made in his Bible, you put it in your heart and you water it every day with praise. Here we are with the process again. Amen. It's put it in the ground, your ground. And how do you water? How do you water it with your praise? And you and you put it in the ground and you water it with praise. The praise of God that is going to come to pass. It'll grow if you don't quit fooling with it. Quit fooling with it. Quit fooling with the word of God and doubting it just because of the situations that you're going through. Amen. That seed ain't worried about how hot it is out there. All it knows is it's got to respond. All it knows is I've been put in good ground. I've been watered and there's something within me that responds out to the out to the ground. So, if there's if you if you believe in the word of God, which I know you do because, you know, I don't believe there's seeds of discrepancy here. I don't believe. Amen. But I don't believe that, you know, as our pastor puts it, you know, God don't give him serpent seed to preach to. Amen. You can't be you can't be sitting there and you can't be wondering whether God's going to do something for your body. You give him praise even no matter if it's going to happen or or or where you are in your life. Yes, sir. That's the same way as with the word of God. You take you'll take any divine promise God made in his Bible and you put it in your heart and you water it every day with the praise of God that it's going to come to pass. It'll grow. If you don't quit fooling with it if you'll just leave it alone. Don't say, "Let me see if I can move my finger any better today." Don't sit there and look at your circumstances. Don't sit there and say, "Well, well, is is is my heart doing better today after this prayer?" Or or you know, is my leg healed or am I is my sight or you know, oh, you know, I I you know, I is am I delivered of this or am I this or this? Stop doubting it and give God praise for what he's done. [Applause] Don't say, "Let me see. Can I move my finger any better? Do I feel any better? Is my headache a little bit better?" Or they're all It'll never be that. Just commit it to God and walk away and leave it alone. Let God's seed grow. Amen. As the musicians come, just let God's seed grow. Let the seed that's within your life begin to call out. It's not your seed. You didn't plant it there. And you didn't do anything. You didn't do anything for let that to happen. It was God's chosen through predestination. Amen. for God's life to be brought through you. A lot of us are mucky. Well, was mucky, I should say. A lot of us were mucky. A lot of us had dirt in our lives, but it God put his seed in you. Amen. And he let the word, he let the water of God's word begin to go over your life so it could bring forth his fruits. I mean there's nothing more than a somebody's life where you see that where they had gone through heartache where they gone through trials where they gone through gone through things where they were lost in this or lost in that or they were you know they had addictions or they had different things and all of a sudden to see God's word shining through their life that's where God's desired to plant his seed you know His whole purpose was to be manifested through man to show the world that he lives again in the physical form through the body of the through the body on earth here through the many membered body. Yes. Amen. God's living again through your life. That's why he put that seed. It didn't matter if it's in between the rocks. It didn't matter if it was at the bottom of a pond. It didn't matter if it was up on the mountaintop. It didn't matter where it was. Once the word shone through your light or once the word of of God's light shined over your seed, it had to give forth. Don't doubt the seed of God that's in your heart here this evening, this morning. Don't sit here and doubt and say, "Well, brother Michael, I you know, I haven't had a touch from God in who knows how long. Brother Michael, I you know, I I struggle with this and and I can't look at myself sometimes as a Christian. I can't Don't you listen to those tears. Don't you listen to the seed of the devil coming and trying to coming and trying to interpret the word of God to you. You let the message of the hour do the interpreting. That's why God sent you a prophet. And there ain't no shame in that game. There ain't no shame in sitting here and saying that, "Oh, I believe in a prophet." You know, the world is wandering in gross darkness, but you've been given light. You've been given light. Right here in this little church is a lighthouse. So all this world can see who is the lighthouse. Jesus through your flesh. How is it? Sometimes you might have to you might have to you might have to go and you look and you have to get some rocks out or sometimes you got to go and you got to dig out some dirt and sometimes you got to go and and get rid of some things in your life. Not for your glory. Not so you could sit here and say that, oh, God's doing something through me. But you know what happens to wheat during harvest time? During the ripest part of harvest time, when the seed is at its maturest, when it comes up and the sun is at its hot is is at its hottest. When the seed is is mature and the sun's hot, it bows. It lays over. And that's how you know it's ready for harvest. and how you know you're mature and how you know that that Lord, you're you're perfecting a work in me. And so all of a sudden that humility begins to come out. Oh, it's hard sometimes. Oh, it's hard because some of us got that flesh man that's there. And you're always going to deal with this sticky nature. You're always going to deal with this flesh. But you keep pushing and you keep pushing and you push through everything that the devil says when he says that you're not an overcomer. But you can't help but be an overcomer. You can't help but sit there and say, "God, I'm struggling with these things in my life, but Lord, by your strength, in my weakness, your strength is made perfect. In my weakness, Lord, I'm struggling with these. I'm struggling with the idea that you could call me to be a son of God. When when I look at this flesh and Lord, I try and I and I and I do everything that I can. I read your word, listen to your message. Amen. And there's something that's calling out within my heart. You just listen for the whisper of the master and be like, "That seed was never part of you. I planted that seed within you. I knew that you could overcome before I even created the ground for you to walk on. You were in my forthoughts. You were in my mind. You were in my knowledge. I loved you before the devil even hated you. I knew I knew that if I put you in this ground, in this rocky ground, in this in this in this in this barren ground, I knew that no matter what you was going to do, what you take, you would put yourself into a place that you could grow. Now, look at you. Stop looking at all the all the things that you're struggling with and look where look stop looking at where you stop looking at where you're at. Look where God's brought you from. God's brought you from broken homes. God's brought you out of out of out of sicknesses. God's brought you I mean, many of us have struggled with different things in our life. There's testimonies of every one of us that standing that are standing here or that are sitting here this morning. But it wasn't you. It wasn't you. It was Almighty God. the one that causes the sun to come up in the morning to set in the evening. It was the very one that causes the grass to grow and the seasons to come. He's the one that planted the seed within you. And you might be going through things in your life, but God's going to make sure that you're fed by the word. And it's up to you to be able to prepare that ground for him to come and for God to be able to put it out. You are an overcomer. Amen. What are we singing, Kobe? [Music] Let's stand to our feet here this morning. [Music] Oh my life, you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am, [Music] I see of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will see of the goodness of God. Amen. You love him here this morning. Oh my life. God been faithful. [Music] God thought of you long time before. Oh my life you have. Now water this seed here this morning. Water water God's word. Take God's scripture that you've been leaning on and let let God begin to pour that down in your heart. It'll be all right. Just push push against the the things in your life. Push against them things that are holding you back. The devil's trying to tell you you're not to be a prayer war and you're know that you're to be a prayer warrior. You push against that. If God's giving you if God's given you fathers a desire in your heart to be more closer to God, to be able to lead your family, push against that enemy that keep you from that. Push against entertainment. push against amen uh uh them doubts that are in your life. Don't let the seed interpret or don't let the tears interpret the seed of God in your life. Amen. Let's water the seed here this morning. Oh my life you have [Music] Oh my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am aable, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. You had led me through the fire in darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as the father. I've known you as a friend. And I had lived in the goodness of God. All my life, all my life, you have been faithful. [Music] Oh my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness, your goodness is running after to running after me. [Music] Your goodness is running after to running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after to running after me. [Music] Oh my life you have been faithful. Oh my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am aable, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Oh my. I love this for your mercy. All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life and all my life you have been faith. Yes, you have, Lord. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness, [Music] your goodness is running after. to running after me. Your goodness is running after to running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] [Applause] Your goodness is running after running after me all my life. Oh my life. [Music] Oh my life. You have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, I will sing of the goodness of God softly now. All my life, all my life, has he been faithful? Yes, you have, Lord, all my life. Thank you, Lord. [Music] I will sing. I will sing of the goodness God. Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] He gave his life. What more could he give? And oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me [Music] once again. And oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] He gave his life. What more could he give? And oh how he loves you. Oh how he loves me. Oh how he loves you and me. Let's sing it again. Oh how [Music] and me. [Music] Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] He gave his life. [Music] more he and know how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] You love him here this morning. As we get ready to dismiss, take this presence with you. Don't let the devil try to tell you God's business. He loves you. That's why he put that seed in you to call call back into him when he calls. do that during the services as we get ready to dismiss. Believe there's food at the fellowship hall. Thank you, sisters, for the food. Amen. We just go to to go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we love you, Lord Jesus. Lord, you see your people that are here this morning, Lord. the softness, tenderness of their hearts, Lord Jesus, your seed responding out to you. [Music] Lord, I would ask, God, that you would be merciful to them. Lord, that you would grant them their heart's desire, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for being in our midst here this morning. Thank you for strengthening, encouraging, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father, for moving out the stones, pulling the weeds, planting the seeds of your word in our hearts here this morning, Lord. Lord, I would pray that you would keep everybody safe as we go back and forth. Keep our loved ones safe that we prayed for this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, bless the food, Father. Lord, we thank you for these things. be with us in our service here this evening, be with our speaker, Lord Jesus. I would pray that you would give him the words to say, God, that you would just use him, Lord. Draw us closer to you. We're thankful, Lord. Lord, we're always thankful when you're in our midst, Lord. We appreciate you. Thank you for these things in Jesus name. Amen. As we sing, have our brothers dismissed us. What more could he? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loved me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Jesus to Calary did go [Music] his love for mankind to show [Music] [Applause] and what he you there, brought hope from despair. And oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] and know how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. What more could he give? [Music]
