################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-04 - Reflecting The Image of Christ Bro. Joel Pruitt 9-3-25 - Joel Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-04
Title:    "Reflecting The Image of Christ" Bro. Joel Pruitt 9-3-25
Speaker: Joel Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7imvyDwG8Y
========================================

Description:
"Reflecting The Image of Christ" Bro. Joel Pruitt 9-3-25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] work in the name of the Lord. And though Satan rages, [Music] we cannot be defeated. [Music] Oh, we got the power. Amen. Can you believe it this evening? Amen. Let's sing it tonight. Oh, we've got the power. It's in the name of Jesus. Well, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan raes, [Music] oh, we will not be defeated. Amen. And we believe that tonight we've got the power. It's in. Amen. Amen. Sing it again. Amen. Sing it from your heart. Oh, ye got the power in the name of Jesus. [Music] where we got the power [Music] in the name of the Lord. And though Satan raes, we will not be defeated. We've got the power. Amen. Let's try that first verse now. Amen. Oh, now give me your hand. Oh, and let's agree together. [Music] Oh, that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. For whatever we bind on earth, it shall be bound in heaven. [Music] Oh, at the name of Jesus. Oh, Satan has to We got the power in the name of Jesus. [Music] Yes, we got the power. [Music] It's in the name of our God. And though Satan raes, we will not be [Music] for we've got the power. Amen. Amen. For many years now. Amen. Oh, for many years now. Oh, Satan's tried to stop us. Amen. Amen. Oh, but the pride of Jesus. Amen. Let him know you're alive tonight. You're still alive. Amen. Oh, just like a mighty army. We'll keep maring on through. We're winning every battle cuz the Lord's on our side. Amen. We got the power. It's in the name of Jesus. [Music] We got the power. [Music] It's in the name of our Lord and those saints and praise. We will not be defeated cuz we got the power. [Music] Amen. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. You believe that about yourself tonight? Amen. Let's sing. We are hes tonight. We are hes of the father. We are joiners with the son. [Applause] Let's hear you sing it tonight. We are one where we've been washed and we are sanctified. We are cleansed by his blood. We are born of his. We are children now. We are members. Amen. You believe it tonight? We're partakers of his love. We're partakers of his holiness and we are citizens of heaven above. Now we're partakers of his suffering and we're partakers of his grace. Now we shall be to be like him and we shall see him face to face cuz we are longing. Amen. Oh, we are looking up to the sky. We are watching and we are wait. We shall dwell with him. We shall rise. We're going to rain with him forever. How many angels they shall sing for the men. It has been given to the family. Amen. We are longing. Oh, now we are longing for his coming and we are looking up to the sky. We are watching. We are waiting. Oh, we shall dwell with you. We shall reign now. Oh, we shall reign with him forever. Oh, men and angels they shall sing. for the meas. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. We are heirs now. One more time. Ooh. Now we are hes of the father. We are joiners with his son and we are of his kingom. [Music] Amen. Amen. One more time. We are hes. Oh, now we are hes of the father and we are join with the son and we are people of his kingom. We are family. We are one. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you glad you're an air tonight? For a long time I traveled. Oh, down a long lonely road. [Music] My heart was so heavy. I sang glow. Amen. Sing like you're free tonight. Then I heard about Jesus. Oh, what a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Oh, tell him tonight now. Well, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved, saved, saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Oh, like a bird out of prison. [Music] that is taking its flight. [Music] Oh, like a blind man that God gave back his side. Just like a poor wretched beggar that's found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his holy name. Well, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Save by his wonderful grace. Amen. I'm so glad that I'm bound down. Amen. We have our brothers come for the offering tonight. Show me the way. Thank God. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. free. [Music] I've been washing the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Gave you my hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. You're thankful for his grace tonight. Amen. And that you're free. Amen. Just appreciate everyone out to the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. Just looking forward to a great time in the Lord. Brother Joel will be speaking for us here in just a little bit. So, we're looking forward to that. Amen. and then just ask God to speak to our hearts. God several requests tonight. Uh so we want to remember them. Uh please pray pray for my grandma Sue Pitman. Amen. That's from Sister Britney. Remember her grandmother. The Lord will just move on her behalf. Amen. Then we had Sister Carla's dad having a biopsy on the on his tongue today. So let's remember that. Uh then we had a prayer request for Pat Grimes as a niece named Mandy. Also, Sister Gloria's friend. U Kenzie Mincy was her name. Uh she got cancer pretty well all through her body. Said she had to take the baby early. She's got a little newborn they had to take early. Uh and then she's got two little girls. Uh so let's just pray God will move on her behalf. Amen. We know God knows her and knows all about the need and we just pray that God would just move for him. Amen. And just show his mercy and grace in that lady's behalf there. Amen. And just remember their family also. I think brother Allan, he's got uh battling sinus and stuff going on with him. So let's remember him in prayer tonight. Amen. Let's You have a need on your heart by the uplifted hand. Just take that to the Lord. [Music] a new mic to meet the many needs of the people. Father, Lord, the urgent need for healing amongst your people. Father, we just ask you to come down and touch their bodies. Lord, those make it. We just ask that you bless them in their needs. Lord, we thank you for your word. We ask you just to stay to our hearts that we have needs in Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You be seated this evening. Sing this chorus to him now. Oh, what a mighty God. Amen. You believe it tonight? Amen. Amen. Oh, think about it as you sing it tonight. Now, oh, what a mighty God. I know my Jesus is all right. Amen. Amen. Tell him tonight. Oh, heavens and earth adore him. You just love to bow. Amen. Amen. Could you slip up your hand and worship him tonight just a little bit? Amen. My Jesus is. Tell him tonight now. [Music] What a mighty God my Jesus is. Amen. Amen. Amen. We love you tonight. Amen. Now what a mighty God I know my Jesus is. Oh that sounds good tonight. Tell him oh heaven and earth adore him. We just love to bow before him. Yeah. Singing. What a mine. Oh my. Tell him one more time again tonight. Amen. Sounds so good tonight. Amen. Oh, what a mighty God my Jesus is. Amen. Now what a mighty God my Jesus is in the world. Heavens and earth adore him. We just love. Amen. Amen. Amen. You believe it tonight? Amen. I believe we need to sing it one more time to him. Amen. Amen. Just let it roll from your heart to him tonight. Sing it to him now. Oh. Oh, what a mighty God my Jesus is. Oh, what a mighty God my Jesus is. Oh, now heavens and earth adore him. His bride loves to bow before him. Singing what a mighty God. Amen. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. He touched me. Amen. Well, I was shackled by a heavy burden. And I was neath that load of guilt, guilt and shame. [Music] Oh, but then the hand of Jesus touched me and now I am no longer Amen. Amen. So thankful for that tonight. Will he touched me? Oh, he touched me and all the joys that flood my soul. I know that something wonderful happened. And now I know well he touched me and he made me. Amen. Amen. Since I met him. Oh now since I met this blood savior. Oh, and since he's cleansed and made made me whole, you know that I will never cease to praise him. [Music] And I'm going to shout it while eternal. Amen. Amen. Tell him tonight now. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. Oh, and oh, all the joys they flood my soul. I know that something happened and now I know well he touched me and he made me. Amen. Give him another hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. We ask sister Allison to sing for us tonight. Amen. Let's just worship as she sings tonight. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. For all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. Oh, I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. For all my life, you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. Oh, I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Amen. Give the Lord a good hand tonight. Amen. Go ahead. Amen. Give him a hand of praise. Amen. Can you say that about him? All your life he's been faithful. Well, I know we sure ain't, but God sure is. Amen. Let's stand together. We invite brother Ben to come. Amen. I just this song come to me later and I changed it in Jesus' name. Amen. I believe that prize is very close at hand. Amen. Oh, it's in Jesus name we press on. Amen. Oh, it seems in Jesus name. We press on and on. Oh dear, Lord with the pride. before our eyes. We find the strength to press on. Can you raise your hands to him and sing it together now? Everybody together in Jesus name. Oh yeah. Jesus name. Oh, we press on. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Sing it now. Oh, in Jesus name. Oh, we press on. Oh dear Lord, with the prize, oh it's right clear before our eyes. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we find the strength, to press on. Thank you, Lord. Aren't you glad you've got the strength tonight to keep pressing on? Keep pressing on. That's what the uh people told Brother Brandon beyond the curtain of time. They said, "Keep pressing on. Keep pressing the battle." And I you you can feel it. Paul said there's a great cloud of witnesses that's that's like witnesses in the uh in the grandstands of the arena that would be uh exhorting the runner. Keep running. Keep moving. Don't give up now. You're too close to the end to give up. Now's the time to press. Amen. Amen. Good to be in church tonight. Aren't you glad to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. If you could turn these monitors up just a little bit. uh the pulpit monitors on this mic. Turn that up just a little. I know Joel will want some monitors tonight. We uh sure uh are glad to have brother Joel tonight uh speaking to us. I uh had a couple days off and I appreciate you letting me do that. We went fishing for a couple days. So, I'm on vacation tonight. That's why I'm not wearing a suit or a tie, but but uh we're here with you. We just wanted to be in church tonight. But, uh, we, uh, we had a good couple of days in the in the river fishing. So, we enjoyed that. And I know some folks are still traveling and and doing things, but we sure enjoyed that time. Uh, Sunday, Lord willing, and that's why I'm having Joel preach tonight. I'm going to try to take both services on Sunday. And then on Monday, would y'all be praying for me? I've got uh, uh, some dental work being done. And I've got uh to have my wisdom teeth cut out. So, I'm going to have even less wisdom than I do now, I guess. But we're uh going to have that done. I've needed to have that done for about 10 years, so I put it off. And but we're going to have that done Monday. And then I'm hoping to be able to travel by Thursday cuz we'll be going to Brother Wendell Martins. The meetings up there. Those start on Thursday. I If anybody wants to go, let me know. I'll help you get there and help you get a room. If you want to go to the meetings, we'd sure they support us so well. So, I know Brother Joel's going too, but he'll come back for Sunday for that Sunday. Brother Stewart will be with us as well. But, uh, they've been good friends to us. So, we want to help them and support that meeting all that we can. And then hopefully by the next week, I'll be all healed up and back with you. So, we'll just see how that goes. But, I appreciate your prayers. Thank you so much for being here on a Wednesday night. Did you come to hear something from the Lord? I know we all got needs and they're real needs. They're things that we really need from God. And and you know, it's not about who's preaching, but Lord, direct that preacher to speak something that would speak directly to my heart. And and I've seen it. I I've seen the Lord do it so many times when I was in need that the speaker the preacher would just preach something directly to my need. And and I just pray the Lord would do that tonight. I got needs just like you do and I want to see God speak to those tonight and you move brother Joel out of the way and just speak to us. Amen. How we going to pull on the word tonight. Amen. Let's do that. Let's uh let's sing that u worthy of it all. Let's just sing this for a moment. Worship the Lord as brother Joel comes. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, do you believe he is tonight? You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Sing it now. You are worthy. Could we just lift our hands to him and sing it now? You are worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, you are worthy of it all, Lord. You are worthy of it all. [Applause] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve glory. One more time now. Oh, you are worthy of it all, Lord. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. They deserve glory. Amen. Aren't you thankful to be able to serve a God who is worthy of it all? Amen. I wonder if we could just bow our heads for a moment in a word of prayer. If you have a special need on your heart, just make it known by no lifted hand if you would. Heavenly Father, as we approach your throne of grace this evening, Lord, we want to say thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to be able to stand here and call you father. Lord, we want to say thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to humble ourselves and and come together in fellowship, not looking at one another and and status, but Lord, we're looking at one another through the eyes of grace and mercy that you've given each one of us to be able to stand here tonight. Lord, I ask you would move me out of the way, Lord, so I wouldn't speak anything that would be unlike you or displeasing to you. Lord, I ask for every person in the building here tonight, Lord. Open their ears, Lord, to hear what you would have for them, Lord. Lord, not what a man would have to say, but Lord, something that would be directly from the throne, Lord, just walk down the aisles tonight, Lord, and let the word be the discerner in the building and to move upon every need we pray. In Jesus name we ask. Amen. And are you happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? Amen. If you have your Bibles, uh if we could, let's turn to Genesis chapter 1. Genesis chapter 1 and verse, uh verse 26. Genesis 1 and verse 26. If I if I could title this tonight, it would be reflecting the image of Christ. And we would just like to speak on that as uh for just a moment here this evening. Amen. Genesis chapter 1 and verse 26. Say amen if you have it. Amen. And God said, "Let us make man in our image, and after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him, male and female created he them. You may be seated. May the Lord add his blessings to the word. And if you uh could go with me over to Philippians uh chapter 2. Philippians chapter 2 and verse uh and verse 5. Philippians 2 and verse 5. Just to lay a background here this evening. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Philippians chapter 2 and verse 5. 5-7. There. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus, who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. And that'll be all the reading there for now. But I want to just draw your attention uh to something that a prophet would say. He said all the things of shadows and types. When God made the heavens and the earth, he made the moon to shine. In the absence of the sun to give light while the sun was gone. See a beautiful type of Christ in the church. The church is the moon to give the light to the world while the sun is gone. So in the absence of Christ, I mean the moon, the moon is giving light. But he said the moon was not the the moon was not Christ. It was not the light, but it was a reflection of the light. And so the light was the sun. The light was the son of God. The light was was Christ made flesh to us. Amen. He was the totality of light. He was everything that God was was expressed. Amen. Through Jesus. And so there was no there it wasn't just part of God, but it was the fullness of the Godhead. We all know that as believers here tonight. Amen. So so the moon would be a type of the bride and it would actually just be a reflection. Now the moon I if the sun refused to give its light then the moon would have no light. And so if we don't have the spirit of Christ on the inside of us it is impossible for us to shed the light of Christ in our lives. And so we've got to have the sunlight in order to reflect the life of Christ. Are you with me so far here tonight? Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said now he said see what I mean a lesser light. He said otherwise the moon and the sun is husband and wife as Christ in the church is husband and wife. The wife being the weaker vessel only gives a a smaller light in the absence of her husband. And the church can only make manifestations of the Holy Spirit. So the the when when you do something that is let's say you lay your hands on the sick and they're healed or or you even maybe you prophesy or you speak with tongues. Amen. That is not something that you can do on your own but it has to be a reflection of a work that has happened on the inside of you. Are you with me tonight? Amen. So, so everything we do, whether we preach and and Paul would say, if I preach, I preach in the spirit. If I if I sing, I sing in the spirit. Amen. All these things that we do must be a reflection of Jesus Christ. Can you say amen? Amen. So, brother Brand would go on like this. He said, "When you see the moonlight, it's not the moonlight. It's the reflection of the sunlight." Amen. So, when you see a brother or sister and you say, "Amen, that's that's the life of Christ that you can see in them." Amen. That it's not brother Herald that you see. Amen. But it is Christ expressed through a son of God. Amen. That has been born again. Come on church. Amen. When you can actually express the living God through you, it is not an expression of you. Amen. David White. It is not an expression of David White. Amen. But it is an expression of Christ revealed by the Holy Ghost. Can the church say amen? Amen. So we go just a little farther here. He said it's a reflection of the sunlight. And Christ ascended up. He said, is that right? and shines his light on the church to reflect his light and power to the world in his absence. He said, "You see what I mean?" Amen. That's why we are the body of Christ in the absence of the literal body of Jesus Christ. A prophet would teach us that. He said, "Now," he said, "Now we in his absence, we are the only we only we are the only body that there is of Christ." &gt;&gt; Amen. We are the only voice that there is of Christ. We are the only being of Christ on the earth today. It is a many membered body projecting the very life that Christ had when he was here on earth. And so, brother Brandon would go on like this and he he tells a story. He said some even some of the evenings when the children are asleep. He said, "Mrs. Brandham," and I slip into the room and look at little Joseph and I look at him and he's laying there sleeping and I say, "Mama, you know he's got big eyes just like yours." And he and she said, "Yes, he's got your he's got lips like yours." And he said, "It's the features of both of us that's represented in that child." He said, "Oh, that God wants to see the reflection of himself and his church reflecting the power and the glory to the world." Amen. How are we going to reflect anything to a dark age that we're living in, unless it be by the living word and the the living Christ that is here, amen, restored to us in this hour. Amen. That's why a Christian can call themselves a Christian and and they can mess up and make mistakes and we all do that. Amen. But what but when you call yourself a Christian and you never pray and you never go to church and and you never live for God and you you don't have any actions that Christ had. Amen. Then you're not reflecting what Christ was. Amen. So people will they look at your testimony and and they may say, "Well, I I just don't see Christ in you." Listen, you are the only Bible this world some of them will ever read. Amen. We've got to reflect what God has done in us. And so brother Brandon went like this. He said, "Now in the Old Testament when the beers was beating gold," he said, "When you get gold that's full of pyite," and I love how brother Brandham tells us how to become a reflection of Jesus Christ. And he said, he said, "When you get," he said, "that gold that's full of pyite, fool's gold." He said, "It really shines better than the real gold, but it's got sludge and everything in it." But the beater used to beat the gold, real gold. And he said he knowed, he had all the dirt out of it, and he seen the reflection of himself in it like a polished mirror. And man, it was beat and and he beat it until he seen his own reflection. And I do wonder sometimes if we go through a trial and we're complaining about the trial, but it's the master reflecting himself in us. Amen. We can look and say, "I I don't think I can make it or I don't think I can overcome this trial." Amen. But it's God letting you go through something so that he can be revealed in the midst of the trial. &gt;&gt; Amen. So when he looks at you, Amen. How many believe you're the gold of God here tonight? Amen. You are you you are the very gold. Listen. Listen, you are the you're the cream of the crop. You're the You're the greatest thing that there is on the earth. You're the You're the only thing keeping the rapture or or the world being blown up. You're you are the bride. You are the ones that God has chosen to put his name in. That ought to make somebody happy here on a Wednesday night. Amen. Because you have been chosen and elected and forained to be in the position that you're in. But I want you to know you're going to go through a trial because he wants to see himself in you. &gt;&gt; And so when when you go through something, remember, amen, it's a trial. Amen. every every son and every daughter that would come to God must be first be tested and tried. Why? Because when he's looking at you, he wants to see himself, Sister Janie. He wants to see himself in you. Amen. It's Christ in you, but he wants to be able to see the reflection coming back to him. And so, Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said, "That's what the Holy Spirit is trying to do to the church." He said, "Is to beat it and turn it over and beat it until Christ reflects in the church to the people." It wasn't to reflect to the necessarily just everybody, but to the people that need to see Christ, you are the reflection of Jesus Christ. And and so brother going like this. He said he said Christ reflects the church to the people proving his resurrection. So without without a reflection, then there there's no proof of a resurrection. &gt;&gt; So if there was no if there's no living God today, then how can we prove that he ever raised 2,000 years ago? Amen. But we know he lives. Why? Because he lives in me and he lives in you. Amen. And so even when you're cold on God, if you've ever received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you are sealed until the day of your redemption. And there'll be something on the inside of you. Amen. If you backslide on God or you get cold on God, amen, and you are one of God's. Amen. You might go through you might go through all kinds of troubles. And that don't mean you're lost. Amen. That's not even a sign of God's disapproval. Amen. But he knows you're his and he wants to make sure he can bring you back. Amen. As a reflection of him. Can the church say amen? Amen. He's trying to get the people. He wants to beat the world out of them. And the devil's pouring it in. And the Holy Spirit, if you'll just stand still and let him, he will beat your life until the loving peace of Christ reflects into your life. I say, "Amen." And let me be the loving peace that Christ reflects. Amen. I don't want to be Listen, you know, we all carry a nature and we're we're a three-fold being. and and every one of us, you've got a sticky nature. And then you've got a you've got a soul that that's where the spirit of Christ would live if you've received the Holy Ghost. And and many times your spirit that you carry I is subject to whatever whatever diet you're on. Amen. So your spirit many times if you're not careful, Amen. If you get to if you get to feeding the outward man more and more, then that's what you become and your spirit and and things becomes like that man, like the sticky nature. Amen. But if you'll feed on the word of God and you'll give God the time of day, amen, then God can raise up a spirit in you, amen, that can fight every devil that comes against you. Can the church say amen? And brother Brandon would go on like this. He said in that day Jesus said when the son of man is being revealed, not men, the son of man, not an organization, the son of man, the word living itself again among the people. He said the word itself is made flesh in you. You are a reflection of this hour, the message. So if the message has come into you, you are going to reflect the message that you've heard. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? You say, "Well, I I'm not where I want to be." No, none of us are where we want to be. But aren't you thankful for what the message has done to us so far? Amen. And he that began a good work in you'll finish what he started. You say, "Well, well, I fall every day." Yeah, you're going to fall some more. Amen. Don't be looking at your failings. Don't be looking at at your backslidings. But I want you to look at Calvary and look at what he did. Because when he died, it wasn't just a man that died. Amen. It wasn't just a man that went into the ground. Amen. But it was the very spirit of God in that man. Amen. And when he ascended up on high, he gave that spirit to you. Amen. So that you could be a reflection of the very same body that was here on earth. Let the church say amen. Amen. What we need to know tonight, it's it's not our per it's not our perfection. It's it's not my body. It's not it's not you. It's not that mortality that you live in. Amen. But what you have is a spirit that is an eternal being on the inside of you. Amen. That's why death don't scare us. Amen. That's why that's why principalities and e evil spirits and and demons that would come around. None of these things really scare the bride of Christ because we know who we have believed in. Amen. He is more than able to raise up a bride in this last day. &gt;&gt; He's more than able. Amen. He's not going to let his bride fall in the end time. Can you say amen? How many believes your bride here tonight? Amen. You are the elected. You are the called. Then you cannot fall. You're going to reflect the image of Christ. Can we go a little bit farther here tonight? Brother Brandon, we're going like this. He said, he said, "You got it?" He said, "Enoch was God's perfect reflector in type." And when God was through with him, he just translated him and took him up. And I want you to notice there Enoch was a perfect he was a perfect type. He was a a reflector type. Amen. And he was and God was in him and and he walked so perfectly before God. Amen. that God actually would take him and translate him where he would not taste death. But I want you to notice something that that it wasn't Enoch's flesh that saved Enoch. And I want you to notice now that if you're a type of Enoch in this day and you don't taste death, it's not because of how good brother Matthew was. And it wasn't because of how good so and so in the church is. Amen. But it's got to be a life on the inside. Amen. That brings about a resurrection, brings about a body change. Amen. You say, "Well, if I could just walk like Enoch, you can in the eyes of God." &gt;&gt; Amen. You can't do it on your own, but you can with the spirit of God on the inside of you. Amen. So, he said, I love this part here. He said when God was through him, he just translated and took him up. He said the mechanics that he had reflected and became dynamics with the spirit and took him up. Amen. So, he had the word on the inside of him. Amen. And then it was the spirit that came in there. And anytime you get the spirit and the word together, amen, good things are going to happen. I believe this is an anointed word. How many believes that? Amen. I don't believe this message is a dead letter. I don't believe there is any any deadness about this message. I believe it is an anointed word given to an anointed bride that was ordained to overcome in this hour. Amen. But if you're not careful, you let the devil tell you, "Well, I don't want to hear the tapes because they're they're dead." And no, there's nothing dead about the tapes. There's nothing dead about this message. Amen. What the devil's done to you is he's made it common to you so you don't want to listen to it no more. Amen. You don't want to you don't want to hear the message anymore. But I want you to know that if you can get the mechanics of the message and you can get the word on the inside. Amen. And then get the spirit on the inside. Amen. That will that will bring about the dynamics of the word to you. Amen. Then it will give you quickening power. Amen. It's not just a power that raised Jesus, but it's the same power that will take this bride in a rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. I tell you, Amen. And I believe this is the stuff. When I get to listen to these things, I I I think of it like this. Amen. There's no way I can make this rapture on my own, Brother David. Amen. There's no way, brother Bill, you can make this rapture on your own. Amen. But there's got to be something on the inside of you that is calling come up higher. Amen. It's not you saying that I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it. No, that's faith speaking from the heart. Amen. That's faith speaking that I I'm not going down with Leodysia. Are you hearing me here tonight? I'm not going down in the tribulation. I'm not going to be here when the when the bombs are flying and the ashes are all around me. No, I'm not going to be here. Amen. But I will be changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. Amen. We will be caught up to meet our Lord on the air because it's not about your goodness and it's not about who you are, but it is a reflection of Christ in you. Amen. And Christ in you is the hope of glory. &gt;&gt; Is it? Are you still with me here tonight? Amen. Brother Random would say it like this. And he said now he said that he said uh he said even Elijah he said he had that he said he had that even to his bones were were the reflection of God in his body being made manifest the word of God they laid a dead man on it and he sparked it to life again. I I want you to notice that the power of God is not a strange thing to us but it is a strange thing to the world because when the power of God moves upon somebody it can take somebody who's been dead in t sin and trespasses and it can raise them to the newness of life. How many's experienced the grace of God? Amen. When the power of God comes in the room and it's changed your soul. Amen. Come on, church. You know the same power that has made you a Christian is the same power that's going to take you out of here. Amen. It's the same power, Brother Danny. The same power that's held you in this message for 50 or 60 years is the same power that's going to take you in a rapture. You say, "Well, where is the power?" I mean, the power is already in you. Amen. And it's going it is reflecting itself by the very fact that you're here tonight. &gt;&gt; And it is a powerful it is a powerful thing that a person can live as a Christian in this hour. It is a powerful thing that you can overcome Leodysia. It's a powerful thing. Amen. That the spirit of the age and the and the coldness of this age and and the lukewarmness of this age, it is a powerful thing that it has not taken you out. Amen. The fact that you're here tells me that Christ is being reflected in a body of believers here tonight. You say, "Well, Brother Joel, what about when I fall? What about when I when I feel like I don't even want to serve God anymore?" I tell you what you do if you're a good man. You get right back up and keep trying. Amen. And I I tell you what, it don't matter how many times you get cold on God. It don't matter how many times you say you drag yourself to church. And it don't matter how many times you you think you're you just think you're lost. But I want you to put that thing out of your mind and keep a positive testimony. Amen. Because I believe that you are the ones that were called to be the elected of this hour. Amen. Why I'm about to throw these like window. They keep falling out. I'm going to tell you something. What we what we need tonight, Amen, is to realize who we are. &gt;&gt; And if the power is in you, Amen. Why do we fear anything? Amen. You say, "Well, the power raised Jesus. We can testify to it." Amen. But what where is that power today? Amen. It is it is in the mystical body of Jesus Christ. Amen. It is in you, the bride of Jesus Christ. I I hope you're still with me here tonight. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said Jesus Christ was the person. He said he was man and God. He said he was the manifestation of God. He was God in a body form to reflect the word of God for that age to make that age see God's promise for that age. And so the Holy Ghost is the same thing today. He said, "It's the spirit of God upon the written word trying to find somebody to reflect itself to in this age." I hope you heard me on that here tonight. Amen. Do you realize what he's saying? That the same power that was on Christ is on you today. Amen. To reflect itself again in this age. &gt;&gt; That ought to make somebody say, "Amen." Amen. In St. John 14:12, he said, "The works that I do shall you also." Now, you cannot do those on your own, but you can do those by his power. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? Amen. He said, he he said, now notice, he said, then you are a son of God in the house of God. You are a part of God's economy. Amen. And then in Romans 8:1, he said, then there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus. Amen. For brother Brandon would pick that up and he said, for for they are dead to the world, but they are alive in him. How many's alive in him here tonight? and living in this present day, making the word that God has used them or for ordained them to, placing their names in this bride book, and when the waters come upon that seed that's in the heart, it raises it up to the bride of Christ. He said, "Oh my, just as perfect as it can be in every age, it's been that way." Lutheran's under justification, the feet raised it like that. Wesley under sanctification, the Pentecostals under the arms and the works and the deeds and so forth. Had to be legalist, he said. But now we come to the head, the capstone. And the headstone is crying what? Grace. Grace. It's passed from death and create into the living word of the living God. Amen. Somebody say amen. He said God's only provided plan for his age. His sons in the word age, quickened by the spirit like a spark that's lit off of something to make it alive. And he said, "Seated now in heavenly places." We've heard about that recently. Where are we now? We're seated in heavenly places. We're not We're not going to be, but we are now. We are now sons and daughters of God. If you ever were, then you always were. Listen, if you ever if God thought you were a son of God in the beginning, you were in the mind of God, then you've always been a son or daughter of God. Amen. You might have went through all kinds of things to get here. Amen. But God knew who you were and he knew where you'd be here tonight. Can you say amen, brother? Go on like this. He said, "Now," he said, "then what does that do? You being a part of God's gene, a part of the word, other men a part of God's word seated together manifest the entire body of Christ because there's no leaven among you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; And you say, "Brother Joel, how can we be in that in that in that place? And how can we how can we have no levan among us and we can't even agree on nothing?" Well, I tell you what it is. Amen. But it's not because it's not about the human thinking. Amen. I want you to notice what we read there in the beginning. We have to put off this mind. Amen. We we we we actually we actually do away we we lose our mind that we have because this mind this this the mental capacity that we have as a human being I mean is enmity with God. I mean it will never think right do right unless there is a a control tower called the Holy Ghost on the inside of you and that will change the way you think. Are you still with me? Amen. So so in your own mind then you're never going to make it. In your own flesh you're never going to make it. In your own self you're never going to make it. Amen. That's surely a a gloomy place to live. Amen. But in Christ, all the promises are in Christ. Amen. All the all the word that Christ brought. Amen. That is calling us to live higher. Amen. Not because we can live higher, but because he lives, I can live also. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because of what he did then that then I know that what he did, it was a finished work at Calvary. Are you still with me here tonight? Amen. We we can't be lost and we we can't go down because just as sure as he went down and came up then if you go oh come on somebody. If you go by way of the grave then you're sure to come up. Amen. In the resurrection. Why? Because the quickening power is on the inside of you. Amen. It don't matter if death takes you out. Amen. It don't matter if a if if a car wreck took you or a plane took you. It don't matter if a bullet took you. It don't matter what takes you off of this earth. But you will come up. Why? Because the gene seed of God is on the inside. And when the light struck the seed, amen, it reflected the very power of Jesus Christ. Again, I hope you're still with me. When I when I was listening to this sermons here and I was studying on this and it excited me to know that I can't make it on my own marriage, but he wasn't looking at me. Amen. When he put the blood over me, I mean, he wasn't looking at my sins and my past mistakes. He wasn't looking at the fact that that I made up like Joel Puit and and the sticky nature is there. But he was looking past all those things because he saw a gene seed of God in me. Amen. I It don't matter what your last name is. It don't matter what family you came from. Amen. I don't care if you're from the best family in the church or the worst family in the church. Or maybe you've got a a family with an ill reputation. But I want to tell you here tonight, amen, the blood of Jesus puts every one of us on the same level. Amen. I don't care how talented you are. I don't care how how big you think you are or how little you think you are. Amen. God has put every one of us under the same blood. Amen. With the same power. Well, can you say amen? Amen. God didn't take a person that's a gifted person and elevate them above and put them in another power range. Amen. He didn't put somebody up here and say, "I've given them power." No. To them, he gave the power to you. He gave the power. Amen. To to the sons and daughters of God, amen, that are reflecting Christ on the earth now. To you, he has given power and authority. Can you say amen? Amen. Our authority does not come but what by what we want but our authority comes from the power that is within us. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said he said no leaven among you. Just the word only seated in heavenly places in the door where he put his name Christ Jesus. No leaven among you. That brings the entire fullness of the godhead bodily among you. Couldn't do it in Luther's age. Couldn't do it in Wesley's age. Couldn't do it in the Pentecostal age. But in the day when the son of man will be manifested, revealed, brought back the church together with the entire deity of God amongst his people. I want to just go ahead and say this. When people try to put deity in a prophet, Amen. I'll go with you there, but go ahead and put the same deity in the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. I'll go with you and say God was in that man, but go ahead and don't just leave it in a prophet, but put it in the bride. Amen. Because I know God was in the man. Amen. I know he was filled with the Holy Ghost and and he stood there and submitted himself to God. Amen. But what about you and me tonight? What about us? Amen. Just because you failed don't mean you're not part of God. Amen. Just because you came from a bad background does not mean you're not part of God. Can you say amen? Amen. God has called you from the path that you came from for a specific purpose. Mean you had to come through that trial in order to see the reflection of God, brother Gabe, in your life. Amen. So every trial you've been through was just another hammer beating that gold and it was just to to reflect Christ in you. Amen. You say, "Well, well, when's it going to be done beating me?" Well, let me go and tell you something. A lot of us still have a lot of work to be done. Amen. So, if you're going through a trial tomorrow, you say, "Brother Joel, why am I going through a trial? I feel like I'm filled with the Holy Ghost." That's when he begins to work on you. &gt;&gt; He ain't working on those who have never accepted him. Amen. Maybe they're going through trials and he's allowing things to happen to bring them to him. But I want you to know that a Christian that comes to him, that's when you're first tested and tried. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, why did it get harder when I became a Christian?" Because it does. Because you're no longer just living willy-nilly for the world, but you're actually living w with something changing you. And there's a force on the inside that is fighting with the force of the world. So, you're in a battle. And the battle is not yours, but the Lord. So, I want you to notice. Amen. But when you receive the Holy Ghost, you immediately go into action in a war. And it is a war on the inside. And and I'm not going to get too deep into this because last time I did, I said something that was very famous. And so so I'll stay away from it. And I said it just all wrong. And so some of you know where I'm at, but I I'll stay off of that part of the quote. But whatever you do, so if you're if you're sitting there and you're constantly going and you're feeding after the television and you're always watching the TV and and maybe you're watching the news and you say, "Well, there's nothing wrong with it." I'm not saying there's anything wrong with it. But what I'm saying is, are you giving God his time in order for that spirit to have to to be fed enough to fight and overcome the spirit of the world that you're living in? Listen, I if you're giving the world 40 hours a week, that's fine because you have to do it to work and live. Amen. If you're giving the world, Amen. all your time and your sports and all these things. Amen. That's that's okay. Amen. But don't forget to give God his time because there's a spirit on there that is going to war for you. Can you say amen? And we need to fight with everything we've got because there's this is an end time. This is a place where where God has chosen you. Amen. To rise up in this time and recognize who you are. know the power that's within you. Amen. You can't be lost. But why would I want to be a quitter in the army of God, but I want to go down fighting every tooth and nail. Amen. To know that God has given me the power. If God has given me the power to fight, amen, then don't let no devil from hell try to take me out of this army. Come on, church. Listen. What I want to tell you tonight, amen, you were ordained for this army. You were ordained for this fight. Amen. You're reflecting the very image of Christ. I want you to know this tonight. Amen. that every time the devil looks at you and he realizes that you're a son and daughter of God. Amen. He knows you can't be lost, but it is his job to go after you and try to make you make every decision you can that's wrong. Amen. He's after your children. He's after your families. He's after your marriages. Come on, somebody. Amen. He's after everything that God has given you. Amen. Because he knows he can't get you, but he wants to be a stumbling block along the way. Amen. But the one thing he wants you to do is when you stumble, he wants you to stay down. Amen. But I believe there's a group of people here tonight. Amen. You fell down, but you didn't stay down. Amen. You You backed down a little bit one time. Amen. But you realized who you were. And there was something on the inside of you. Amen. That rose up and said, "I am more than able to overcome in the hour that I live in." I want you to know tonight. Amen. I don't care what kind of a gloomy spirit's on you on a Wednesday night. Greater is he that is in you. Greater is the reflection on you. Amen. Than every cloud that would try to black the Come on, church. Amen. When you see the moon and the clouds are are going over the moon, I want you to know the moon is still there because the sun is shining somewhere. And if the sun is shining, there's a reflection somewhere to shine back to him. I I wish somebody preached with me here tonight. Amen. I feel good in the house of God because if you Amen. If you are the moon and if if the if the sun is shining, listen, the sun doesn't quit shining just because it's dark outside. It's shining somewhere. Amen. Just because the dark of night, brother Danny, in the in the middle of the night, there's still a sun up somewhere. Amen. I I tell you, you travel around the world, you'll see that sometimes you can travel with the sun and it's just always light. But I want you to notice in the darkest of times, there is a moon that is reflecting the very life of Jesus Christ. Amen. So, so if the sun is there and the moon is there, don't let the gloomy clouds of life get in your way. Amen. Because on the other side of the cloud, there is a light that's still shining. On the other side of the trial, there's still a moon giving light. Come on, somebody. Amen. I tell you, if you'll ever get yourself to see, Amen. All we see in front of us from an earthly view, I mean, we see the clouds and say there's not a star in the sky. Amen. We say there's there's not a moon to give life. But the truth is, there's still a moon there giving light. And there's still every star that was ever there. And there's still the sun that was there in the first thing in the morning. The same sun that came up and and set in the west is the same son that's still given light here tonight. And the very same son that walked the shores of Galilee and gave light for 33 years on the earth is the same one that is in the bride here tonight. I want you to know something here tonight. Amen. We've got enough gloom and doom preaching going on. I want you to know who you are and you were called for a purpose. And so when you make a mistake, don't look at the mistake, but look at the light that's shining through you. Brother Bill, I know in your life you can look back and say, "I wish I'd have done this and I wish I'd have done that." Amen. But you're still here and you're still fighting the greatest battle that's ever been fought. Come on, church. You say, "Well, the mind battles will leave when I'm an old person." No, they don't leave because of your age. And no doubt, when I've talked to the elders before, I mean, the devil's fighting them over something. You realize you're going to fight that devil till the day you die, but you might as well go ahead and say, "Devil, I know who you're fighting. You're fighting the You're fighting this flesh man, and you're trying to make me fall. And you might even get me down once in a while. You might make me feel blue once in a while, but I will rise up because the sun is coming up in the morning. And when the sun comes up, it will wipe away every tear." Come on, church. Amen. He will wipe all the tears away from your eyes. Amen. There. Listen, church. You know, you can weep for the night, but joy comes in the morning. Amen. The sun is still going to come up. Are you with me? You realize where we're talking about here tonight. We're not just talking about the natural. Amen. But when you go through a valley of the shadow of death, I want you to notice what a prophet would say. He said, "It wasn't death. It was just a shadow of death." Amen. So, when you go through that valley of the shadow of death, you don't fear any evil because you know the sunlight was there all the time. Are you still with me tonight? Amen. God didn't put you in the valley. Amen. Just so he could put you in the valley. But he allowed you to walk through that valley just so you knew when you came out on the other side that you've never walked alone. Amen. You'll never be alone. He said, "I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. I believe the comforter has come here tonight." Amen. If you've received the comforter in your heart, the Holy Ghost is here. Amen. And if you're in a gloomy place in your life or if the devil's tried to get you down, I say break out of those chains here on a Wednesday night and say, "God, I'm going to give victory in the house of God." Amen. I'm going to get my children back in the house of God. I'm going to claim everything that the devil has stole from me. Why? Because the devil has got no legal right on you. Amen. Because I am a reflection of the very son that is going to come up tomorrow. I want you to know that when God called you, Amen. He didn't call you to lose you. Can you say, "Amen." I love the song. He didn't teach you to swim to let you drown. Amen. He didn't talk. Come on, church. He didn't build a home for you just to lose you. Amen. But he's built a home prepared for you. Especially, Brother Bill. It's got your last name on the mailbox. And he's called you for that home in the sky. And he didn't build it just to take it away from you and say, "Look what you might get." No, he he sent a prophet there, Brother Bill. Amen. With a preview. And no doubt he saw, Amen. every one of them there, many of them people too, they said, "We're resting on the fact that you're teaching what Paul taught." And I want you to know that I'm resting on the same fact that he taught what Paul taught. And I'm here to tell you tonight that the message that is in the bride has woke this bride up. You're not looking for a new revival. You are the revival. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; You are the revival. Are you still with me here tonight? Amen. God didn't call you, Amen, to be a gloomy people. He called you to be an overcoming people. Yes. Yes, you're going to get down, but you don't have to stay there. Yes, you're going to have the Monday blues, but you don't have to live in Monday forever. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? Yes, you're going to get sick. &gt;&gt; Yes, you're going to get sick, but we have a healer. Yes, you're going to go through trials in your marriage. Amen. But we have somebody who takes the the the the the things that are so messed up, and he takes the broken things and puts them back together again. He takes the families that have crumbled and he sees your faith and he brings the children back again. I tell you, we serve a mighty God. The church ought to say, "Man, we serve a great big God." Amen. He is not the God of of confusion. Amen. He's not the author of confusion. But when he put this when the sun came up, there was a moon to reflect it. And when the sun went down on the earth and came back up, amen, there was a bride that would reflect that same God. I want you to know here tonight, if Jesus is real, then there is someone reflecting his spirit. And I believe it's the bride of Jesus Christ, amen, that has ate the book and what is on the inside of you, amen, is reflecting what Christ is and he is the word. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon would say like this. He said, he said, "Now the Holy Spirit is here on earth looking at those individuals." Are you still with me here tonight? And I don't have a lot of time left, but let me finish this. And before we go, he said, "Now the Holy Spirit is here on earth looking out those individuals that God has ordained to life in this age. And as soon as it finds it, it does just like it did on Jesus Christ, the great super son of God who redeemed us all. It comes down and takes its place of abode into the human life." He said, "Now notice, it brought the quickening power." Now, the quickening power that come upon Jesus quickened him to manifest every promise of the word of that day. He said, "So does the Holy Spirit that come upon us in this day." It's not a mockery, Holy Spirit. If it's not the devil mocking the Holy Spirit, but is the real true Holy Spirit, it'll manifest the promise of this hour. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Do you believe that the word's going to man someone's going to manifest the word of this hour? &gt;&gt; Then I believe it's going to be us. &gt;&gt; Because in this day, we have seen the revealing of the son of man again. We have seen what Christ did in the beginning. And if he did it then and he did it again in our day, amen, that just as the disciples would go into all the world and preach the gospel and lay hands on the sick, amen, so can we by the same power and the same authority. I want you to notice something. This is where the denominations have missed it so greatly is they taken the they'll take Jesus and say, "Yeah, some of them will say, "Yeah, he's God and and his spirit went down. You know, his spirit came back on the day of Pentecost and and his disciples would go and do all the great works and all the greater works and things and they'll put everything in the disciples. But what they failed to see is it wasn't just limited to 12 men. Amen. But it was li but it was actually given to every son or daughter of God. Amen. So you're not just a I don't know how to say this any better. Amen. Brother David, you're not just a you're not just a a molecule. You're not just a you're not just dirt and ash. That's that's that's what the body is. That's what that's what the that's what the human being is. is he's just a he's just part of the the dust of the earth and and you'll go back to that. The body is going to go back to that. Your great hair and everything is going to go right back to that. Amen. But on the other side, there is a body that is waiting for you that was already prepared by God. And that body, come on, somebody. Amen. When he put the spirit of Christ in you, he already had your name. Well, I wish somebody preached with me here tonight. I mean, he saw your name on the book. He chose to put his spirit in you. Amen. And and I want you to know this in closing here tonight. Amen. When God placed his spirit in you, he didn't put it in you just to take it away. Amen. But but what he told us was his in his word was grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. Amen. So I would say in this day the challenge is don't grieve the spirit of God when he's in the room. Amen. I know you're going to fall. Amen. But get right back up and say, "Lord, prepare me to be at the sanctuary." Amen. Put your life back on the inside of me. Amen. I am not going to go down because I've grieved you one time, but I'll come back into fellowship with God. Amen. I'll repent of my sins and come back and say, Lord, renew the Holy Spirit within me. Amen. Give me a refilling after refilling of the Holy Ghost. Come on, church. One filling is good, but that's not enough. &gt;&gt; You say, "Where'd you where you going with this?" I want to get to this before I close. I want I want you to know this. I mean, you can be filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. But you've got to have refilling after refilling. Amen. because the Holy Ghost will come on a man. Amen. And sure enough, you're going to go through all kinds of battles and you're going to go through the war and you're going to get beat up and po and tore down and you're going to get so tired in the heat of the battle. Amen. But all you got to do is come back to the fountain. Amen. The fountain that is always flowing. Amen. The fountain that's always given forth life. Amen. It will come upon you, Brother Bill. And it has it has watered you all these years over and over. And when sometimes on a Wednesday night, he can bring his presence in and he can raise you back up and say, "You know what? I came here gloomy, but I'm leaving rejoicing. I came here with the devil on my trail." Amen. But God has given me the victory here in the service tonight. I wish somebody had testify with me. Anybody had a bad day this week? Amen. Anybody had a bad day this year? I want you to know you don't have to keep having bad day after bad day. Amen. Because you are victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. You are an overcomer. You are more than enough. Because it's not you. When you look in the mirror, you say, "Are you enough?" No, he's not enough. But the God that's in you that is reflecting in you, he is enough. &gt;&gt; Amen. It is the very Holy Ghost that's on the inside of you. Brother Brandon would say this and and then then and I will close at some point here. He said, "And so is the new birth." Go right here and start this one. He said, "This is a mixed audience, but I'm going to say something really. What is a birth?" Are you still with me here tonight? He said, 'I'm going to say something. What is a birth? If a birth happens on a a straw tick or if it happens on the floor in a hospital that the rooms are decorated in pink silk, he said, ' It's a mess any way you take it. That's right. He said, and so is the new birth. It's a mess any way you take it, but it produces life. So, if you're wanting the life of Christ on the inside of you to help you overcome, then I would say get the Holy Ghost. Amen. I I I I believe in teaching and I believe all these other things, but I do believe that the biggest thing missing in among our ranks is the Holy Ghost and the people. And many people I say probably have it, but I think you need a refilling of it. And that goes for me, too. I I don't want to point just the fingers at you. Amen. But I need a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Every one of us need a refilling of the Holy Ghost. You say, "Well, how do I know who I am?" I I want you to know something. When you get a new birth, then you start taking on characteristics of your father. Amen. When brother Brandham could look at Joseph and say, "You know what? He's got he's got your he's got mama's eyes." and and and and Ma would say, "Well, he's got your lips." And and there was features of Brother Joseph that look like the parents, but I want you to know tonight. Amen. I'm not trying to look like my natural daddy, but I'm trying to look like my spiritual daddy. Amen. I believe that he has called me. Amen. When he put his spirit in me, Amen. There may be some rough edges he's still beating off of me. There may be some rough edges he's still beating off of you. But I do know that if you've been called and chosen to be the bride of Jesus Christ, then none of these things are going to take you out. Amen. No trial is going to take you out, but it is for your good. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Brother Ram would say like this. He said, he said, "It produces life." What kind of life? Servant life. To humble yourself, to deny yourself. That's the kind of life. Oh, you say, "But I' I've seen them cry and boo around the altar and carry on." Sure, they're being born. It's a mess. I don't care where you go. You young people, I hope you hear this tonight. Amen. It ain't wrong to be at an altar boohooing and crying because that mess right there may be where you're born again. And a Come on, somebody. Amen. You may go down. You may go down and your daddy might be a duckworth. Your your daddy might be a sartan. Amen. But you might get up and you realize you're a son or a daughter of God. Amen. You're no longer just a just the brother Brandon would say it like this. I I realized I was no longer just the son of Charles and Ella Brandom. Amen. But he knew he was a son of God. Why? Because the Holy Ghost changes your identity and makes you reflect differently. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? Amen. You can look you can look at somebody and I I got to quit picking on people. There's not enough of you here. But I I start picking on the wrong person. And I'll get run out of here before I'm over. But I want you to know something tonight. Amen. You can look in the mirror and you can see reflection. You can see types of of your daddy and you can see types reflections of your mama in you. Amen. But what I want you to know tonight is when you look in the mirror, look beyond the veil of dust. Look beyond the veil of flesh and say, "That man right there's been fighting me for years, but there's a spirit on the inside of me, and he's rising up in me to make me an overcomer in this hour." Are you still with me? He said, "It makes you a servant. It takes the starch out of you. It makes it takes it makes image molding a new life, new creation. You may be all messed up when you get up, but you're born again. How many in here tonight is born again, but you need a refilling? Amen. I say tonight, if you're born again and you need a refilling, then I think you just need to go ahead and get your refilling here tonight. Amen. You don't have to leave here the same person that you came. You don't have to leave here in a gloomy in a gloomy place. And you don't have to leave here wondering who am I? No, you are a son and a daughter of the most high God. And God did not call you to lose you. Somebody ought to say, "Amen." He said, "You may be all messed up when you get up, but you're born again. No matter where you are, it makes a new life. It brings a new He said image life." I love that in images of Christ. He preaches that. And he said, "It brings a new image life." He said, "It makes a servant out of you. You want to serve." Then Jesus wanted us to serve one another. I want you to know when Jesus came, brother Brandon would say like this. He didn't come, he said he didn't come to be ministered to, but he came to minister to the people. I want you to know that when you get the Holy Ghost, it'll make you stop, it'll make you stop wanting everything that that that God's got so much, but it'll be it'll make you want to give praises back to God. Amen. It'll be it'll make you want to go love your brother and and win them back to the kingdom of God. What can you say? Amen. Amen. The life of Christ comes into you. Amen. It's a servant life. It's a humble life. And what we need tonight, I would say this. If you've come in a place, amen, where the devil has held you back and it looks like it's all cloudy here tonight and you can't see the reflection of the sun no more, then I would say raise up your hands and give God praise because when you raise up your hands, it's a sign that you are surrendering that gloomy spirit of God that that the devil has put on you and you are taking on the spirit of Christ here tonight. I wonder if we could stand to our feet. I want you to know something tonight. You don't have to leave here in a poor condition. You don't have to leave here in a sick condition. Come on, church. You don't have to leave here the way you came. The prophet said you would leave better or you would leave worse. But I say let's leave better here tonight. Amen. You You say, "Brother Joel, if we'd have had the right preacher, I'm going to go and tell you something. The preacher can only be a servant." Amen. But the word of God is more powerful. Amen. And he can even discern the secrets of your heart here tonight. Amen. And so if the word is going forth and the power of God is in the word, then I believe here tonight, every one of you can be born again and renewed in your spirits here tonight, I say it's time to raise your hands and say, "Satan, you have no business on God's property. &gt;&gt; You ain't got no right over here. You ain't got no right to hold my hands down no more. You ain't got no right to come over here and give me depression. Depression don't have to stay on you. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; The devil don't have to stay on you. How many believes greater is he? If greater is he, then why are you letting that devil have dominion over your life? Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; You're letting the devil have so much. We're glorifying the devil. You Oh, I've got I've got depression. No, that's the devil's depression. Give it back to him. I I I've got sickness in my body. That's the devil's sickness. Give it back to him. I I feel gloomy. I feel out of place. Give that gloomy spirit back to the devil that gave it to you. And raise up your holy hands in the sanctuary and say, "Lord, I'm going to praise you more. I'm going to love you more. I'm going to give you everything I've got in my life." Why? Because he has given me the Holy Ghost. Amen. To have a servant life and a humble life. Oh, I wish somebody would just reach out and praise him here tonight. And you say, "Are you trying to work the people up? Do you believe he's worthy? Do you believe he's worthy of it here tonight? Do you believe that he can express himself through you? I don't care how low down you are. I want you to know this in closing. I'll say this. When Jesus went to the woman at the well, he didn't go to the biggest named person in the city. He didn't go to the ones that looked like they had it all together. But he went to somebody who was messed up and had made a bunch of bad decisions in life. But I want you to know what happened when he spoke to her and the word ignited her heart. She didn't sit there and say, "That was a pretty good show." No, it ignited something on the inside. And she said, "Come see a man who has told me all the things that I've ever done. I wonder if you can break free from that spirit that's holding you back tonight. You can tell your relatives on in the morning. Say, I I'm free from the depression I've been fighting. I'm free from the demons I've been carrying around. I'm free. Thank the Lord, I'm free." Somebody ought to give God praise in the building here tonight. If you're free, then let God know you're free. Let every devil know that I am an overcomer. Let the devil know you can't hold me here. He ain't got no chains on me. He ain't got no right to you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; You are an overcomer. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Are you free here tonight? &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Are you free? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; You see, I don't feel no life in me. In John 5:12, he says it like this, "He that hath the Son hath life." &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; And he that hath not the Son of God hath not life. So, if you don't feel like you have the life of God in you tonight, then it's time that you do what a prophet said and find you an altar. And it may be a mess because a birth is a mess. But if you don't have that life in you tonight, you don't have to I hope I'm chosen. No. All you got to do is if there's a desire there, accept the life of Jesus Christ. Oh, I want the power of God in my life. Accept the life of Jesus Christ. There's more power than you've ever dreamed of in it. there. There's more power. There's more authority in this word than you could ever even imagine. Are you still with me here tonight? I I I want to just talk to you for a moment as we close. Every head bowed, every eye closed. I I'm not going to You don't have to come to the altar, but if you want to, you can. But I want to say this here tonight. God does not want you to leave this place gloomy and down and depressed. Those spirits are not of God. But he said, "Be of good cheer, for I have come to overcome the world." So if the world got you down, guess what? God has come to overcome that thing that got you down. If the world has tried to take away your joy, I would say like David, restore unto me the joy of my salvation. He never said you was lost. He never said you wasn't saved, but he said, "Restore the joy of my salvation. I want to reflect the sun again. remove the clouds of doubt and let me be a reflection that the sun is shining somewhere with every head bowed. If you every eye closed, if you if you want to just raise your hand up to him and say, "Lord, I I need more of you here tonight. I need a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Lord, my hands up to you tonight. I need a refilling of the Holy Ghost here tonight. Lord, take the rough edges off of me. If it requires you to put me through a trial, if it requires you to put me through a test, Lord, let me know that it's you working all things for my good, it's you creating the very image of yourself in me. Oh, I wonder if we could just pray like that. Pray in your own special way right there tonight. Oh, that all all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Let's sing this now. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express [Music] all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. But every song must change. Oh, and you never do with all your hearts now. Oh, so I throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Who's got a response here tonight? I've got one response. I've got just one move. With my arms stretched wide. Oh, I will worship you with all your hearts now. Oh, so I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. Nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. So come on my soul. Oh sing with all your hearts now. Oh. So come on my soul. Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise. Can anybody praise the Lord here tonight? Oh yes. Oh. So come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Let me hear you now. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. With all your hearts now, would you put your hands up to him and sing it? Oh, so I throw up my hands. I'll praise you again. Oh, is he worthy of your praise here tonight, church? Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart. Hallelujah. [Music] Can you give him a hand clap of praise here tonight? Amen. Are you free? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord if you're free." Amen. If you're free here, listen. If you're not free, don't leave here bound. But I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. Somebody testify with me. Say, "Amen." If you're free. Amen. I believe we're free here tonight. Amen. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. Well, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, sing it if you mean it here tonight. Oh, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, put your hands together and sing it now. Oh, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, let me hear you sing it like you mean it now. Oh, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. One more time. Oh yes. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise here tonight. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I would serve him till I die. And I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Clap your hands and sing it one time. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I would serve him till I die. And I'm on the battlefield for my Lord one more time. Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised. Oh, and serve him. Oh, yes. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Amen. You love him here tonight. Amen. We're going to sing that as we go now. God bless you until Sunday morning. Amen. May the Lord go with you. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh yes, I promised him that I I would serve him till I die. And I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield. Yes, I'm on the battlefield.
