################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - Bro Joe Reynolds  Anointed for Victory Wednesday Evening 6425 - Joe Reynolds.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-05
Title:   Bro Joe Reynolds " Anointed for Victory" Wednesday Evening 6/4/25
Speaker: Joe Reynolds
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNy0ffuu4yQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Are you [Music] Oh [Music] yeah. Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Oh, Jesus died on Calary so the whole wide world would see it was a great thing that he did for me. Well, the Lord has brought me through all of my trials. And when I had failed him, he didn't cast me away. [Music] Well, he stood right by me through all of my trles. When I was lost, he didn't let me go astray. Well, he took my sins and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world would see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great day when he set me free. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Well, he's been my [Music] doctor and he's been my lawyer. He never left me. He's been my friend. He's been my comforter. When I was lonely and when I was lost, oh Jesus took me in. Well, he took my sins and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. Oh. Oh. Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. With all your hearts now. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great day when he set me free. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did. Sing the chorus one more time. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Oh, Jesus died on Calary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. And down at the cross where my Savior died, down where for cleansing from sin I cried. Oh, there to my heart was the blood of life. Singing gloryy to his name. Oh, singing gloryy to his name. Oh, glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Glory to his name. Oh, I am so wondrously saved from sin. And Jesus so sweetly abide with him there at the cross where he took me in. Singing gloryy to all. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh yes. Glory to his name. Oh glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was blood of life singing [Music] glory and oh precious fountain that saves from sin. Well I am so glad I have entered in there. Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Singing gloryy to with all your hearts now. We're singing gloryy to his name. Oh, singing gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Oh, glory to. So come to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thy po for soul at the Savior's feet. Plunge in today and be made complete. Singing gloryy to with all your hearts. Now we're singing gloryy to his name. Oh, glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Singing gloryy to one more time as the ushers come. We're singing gloryy to his name. Precious name. Oh, glory to glory. There to my heart was the blood. Glory to his name. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. I'm going to ask brother Herold, would you come forward to take the needs tonight to the Lord in prayer? Amen. I don't have any written requests. I do want to say a great big congratulations uh to Andrew and Candace Tushner and I know Joe is just so so tickled over that new grandbaby and uh that's why he's not here tonight. We got a pretty good backup organist. So we're uh happy to have Sister Carla back with us and uh just want to say congratulations to Joe on becoming a grandpa again. And uh we don't have any written prayer requests. We want to continue to remember uh brother Danny and and the Ward family in prayer. They just laid his sister to rest yesterday. So just continue to remember them in prayer on the days ahead and the the Lord will give them comfort. If you have a need on your heart tonight, would you just make make it known by an uplifted hand? Brother Herald, would you take these needs to the Lord? Heavenly Father, Lord, we're thankful for another chance, Lord, opportunity to come and worship you with the people we love. Lord, ask your blessing to be here tonight. Father, all that raised their hands, you know their needs. Lord, we ask you, we grant them all the remainder of the service, Father, tithe and offerings, we ask your blessings in Jesus name. Amen. And you can be seated. [Music] Thank you Jesus for the grace. Oh thank you. Thank you [Music] Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Though I can't repay from my heart. I'd like to say that I I thank you with all your hearts. Now I want to say thank you. Thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I I thank I wonder if we could just give him some thanks here tonight. I want to say thank you. Thank you, [Music] Jesus, for the grace that you have given us. And though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I I think you're sounding good. Can you do it one more time? We're singing thank you. Thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given [Music] us. And though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that. Amen. And sister Nolley comes to sing a song. Can we do it one more time with all your hearts now? Oh, I want to say thank you. Thank you, Jesus, for the grace that you have given us. Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I I thank you. Can you give him a hand clap of praise tonight? [Applause] [Music] [Music] I feel the touch. of him so kind and tender. [Music] nearly the leading me in path that I must try. [Music] I'll have no fear for Jesus walks beside [Music] me for I'm shed in the arms. arms of God. So let the storms raise high. The dark clouds rise. They won't wor me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me. and not ever shall harm me for I'm sheltered in the arms of God. [Music] Soon I shall [Music] hear the call from heaven's [Music] portals. Come home my child. It's the last mile you must [Music] try. I'll fall asleep and wake in God's new heaven. [Music] for I'm sheltered in the arms of God. So let the storms rage high. The dark clouds rise. They won't worry me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not of earth shall harm [Music] me for I'm shed in the arms of God. Aren't you so thankful for that tonight? Amen. Wonder if we could do that. Every praise, every praise key of G. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our [Music] God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is due our God. Every praise, every praise is due our God. He is God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He is God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh, sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is due. Every praise, every praise, every praise is due our God. One more time. God my savior. God my savior. God my healer. You are God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He is God my savior. Oh, God my healer. God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. is do you believe he's your savior and your healer and your deliverer tonight? Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Amen. Are you happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? Amen. I wonder if we can stand together. Amen. We're going to turn it over to our pastor. And we do have brother Joe Reynolds is going to be speaking for us tonight. Amen. And his wife, Sister Mandy sitting back here. We're sure happy to have them with us, aren't we? Amen. Give them a good warm welcome tonight. Amen. And as we turn the service to our pastor here, this is your house in the key of F. Amen. Is that what you want him to do is come and dwell in your house here tonight? And I wonder if we could just go ahead and worship him for just a moment before we change the order of the service now. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. [Music] This is your [Music] house, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and we dedicate this temple to you Lord. Let your glory fill this sanctuary. be enthroned on the praises of your people. Lord, we [Music] agree in unity that this is your house. Father, come and [Music] dwell and this is your house. Oh, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell, oh Holy Spirit, overflow. Is that your desire tonight? Oh, decorate our walls with grace and mercy. Let your healing and redemption find searching souls. Lord, have your way. We humbly pray. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. Oh, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell. Amen. Isn't so good to be able to invite him in tonight? Thank you for being here on a Wednesday night. I uh been just a little bit under the weather. In fact, I preached Sunday and I shouldn't have. I kind of kind of broke myself a little bit on a Sunday and been paying for it. But I've been to the doctor and they got me all fixed up. But I want to apologize for something. I made a couple of announcements Sunday morning. I butchered two different names and y'all know who you are. I apologize for that. I won't try to to restate the names tonight because just not been feeling good and and trying to do that, but I trust uh that somehow that the Lord managed to get through what was on my heart Sunday anyway despite the weakness of my body. But I sure do appreciate your the church and your patience. We went to the funeral for with for the Danny's sister uh Tuesday and I started coughing, had to leave and I felt really bad about that as well. But God knows those things that one thing I want to be is here for you all and and uh we want to do that all the time. But sometimes in my zeal I push myself a little bit too much and then then I have to pull back. But uh y'all pray for me that I'll have more wisdom in the future in that in that way. Amen. I ask brother Joe Reynolds to come. Brother Joe's been such a good friend. I uh over the years, Brother Joe's always kept in touch with me for years going back before I was a pastor and he's always texted me and called me and I appreciate that as a friend. And he's always done that. And so we had talked here recently and I thought, well, I want to have brother Joe over to preach. And so not being able to preach tonight, I thought it'd be a good opportunity to have him. And I'm going to back the word tonight and just say, Lord, you've got something for me tonight. Amen. God bless you. As brother Joe comes, let's let's just sing that again. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. Brother Joel, if you could help me now. This is your house. Thank you, Lord. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. [Music] A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell. Sing it again. Oh, this is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. house. This is your house. Come and dwell. I'm just thankful to be here this evening. Certainly certainly feel his presence thus far and God's certainly good to us. Such a privilege to be here and all the kind words brother Ben said, he uh he has been a friend to me as well. and always look forward to coming and spending some time, not only ministering, but coming and joining our legs of fire together. And God's good to us. No matter what we go through in time, God's still good to us. Amen. He's an everpresent help in a time of trouble. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. If you got your Bibles, while you're standing, we invite you to Hebrews chapter 6 verse 13. Hebrews chapter 6:13 says, "For when God made a promise through Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swore by himself, saying, Surely, blessing, I will bless thee. Multiply and I'll multiply thee." And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. For men verilely swore by a greater an oath, for the confirmation is to them a end of all strife, wherein God will more abundantly show unto the heirs of his promise and nobility of his counsel, he confirmed it by an oath, that by two immutable things, it's which it was impossible God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay a hold upon a hope that is set before us. Can you say praise the Lord? Which hope we have as a anchor of the soul both sure and steadfast and which entered into within the veil whether the forerunner is for us to enter even Jesus made an high priest forever after the order of Melchazdc. Amen. Can we just bow our hearts one more time tonight? Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for this time that you've given us, Lord, to come and worship you tonight in spirit and in truth. Father, Lord, we pray, Lord, that you'll come in a special way tonight. Anoint us aresh, Lord. Anoint our hearts, Lord. Anoint our spirits, Lord God. Lord, I know you'll come down in a special way and inhabit our praise tonight. Lord, take these words, Lord, tonight, the thoughts, Lord God, and drop it to the hearts of your believers tonight, Lord. I believe this is a predestinated moment of time, Lord, that you've given us on this side of glory that we can worship tonight, Lord. I pray, Lord, we wouldn't take it for granted, Lord God, that we would just, Lord, just pull with all of our hearts, Lord, for more of you, Lord. Lord, we commit this service into your hands tonight, Lord, to have your way. We ask in Jesus Christ's wonderful name. Amen. Can you you can have your seats tonight. Is everyone happy tonight? It's always good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? God's surely faithful. Amen. I heard brother Donnie Reagan say u I believe it was brother Donnie or brother Tim one of our meetings recently and u he was saying you know we don't come to get entertained. We come to entertain the Lord. And and I hope that's what you come to do tonight is entertain the Lord. And Amen. And I know he's worthy of all of our praise and he's worthy of all everything that we can give him tonight. I'm going to take this jacket off. It's already warm. Can't hardly fight with it anyhow, can we, brother Ben? Hallelujah. Well, we'd like to take a thought tonight. We've been ministering at home some on anointed for victory and uh been looking at things for the last couple days since brother Ben invited us to come. But we like to take for a text tonight under the same sworn promise. We realize tonight that God found you worthy. And I and I I wouldn't take that for granted tonight. I mean, men can give it up on you. Churches could give it up can give up on you. Amen. But God found you worthy. And there's nothing can ever erase that. Amen. Nothing in time could ever happen to cause you to lose it. Amen. You can't lose your sunship. If you're a son, you're always a son. Amen. You cannot lose your inheritance. Hallelujah. Ain't you thankful for that tonight? Let's look at Exodus chapter 23 for a moment. Verse 30. It says, "By little and little, I'll dry them out before thee." In other words, I know it may look impossible, but I'm going to make a way through it. How many serves a God like that until thou be increased or made greater? Increase just simply, you've been made greater. It's not a question. In other words, I give you the land. It's yours. You're anointed for such a time as this. So, in other words, somebody's going to be anointed. Somebody's going to be increased. And somebody's going to take the land. Amen. It goes on, if you'll be increased and inherit the land, and I will set thy bounds for the Red Sea and to the sea of Philistines from the desert unto the river. For I will deliver the habitants of the land into your hands, and thou shalt drive them out before thee regardless of circumstances. Look, he told Abraham, "Thy seed shall possess the gates of his enemy." And brother Brown told us that that that's God's sworn promise. And he told us it's just like for you and I, we take on Abraham's seed and we're an heir with him. Can you say amen? He said, "Under the same sworn promise." So church, what that should do to a believer tonight as he told Abraham, "Look to the north and south and east and west." He said, "It's all yours." Amen. Regardless of circumstances, Amen. Abraham was growing well stricken in age. His sweetheart, Amen, wasn't getting no younger either. Amen. Time was taking a toll on their bodies. Amen. But brother Joel, nothing could change the fact, Amen. that God gave him a promise and God is a keeper of his promise. Amen. Abraham no matter what happened, he brought forth a son. Amen. He even Amen. He he tried to go in on his own ability, you know, and he produced a Hagar and he he he produced rather a wild man and a but God wasn't done with him yet. And I thank God that we serve a God like that tonight. Amen. Even though in our mistakes, even in our failures, even our our wrongdoings, even in our shortcomings, God ain't done with us. Amen. Ain't you thankful for that? People can give up on you. Churches can give on you. People can give up on you. Oh, but God rich in mercy can never give up on you. Regardless of circumstances, thy seed shall possess the gates of his enemy. Can you say amen? Deuteronomy 11:22 says, "For it shall diligently keep all the commandments which I have commanded you to do of them, to love the God to love the Lord your God, to walk in all of his ways, and to cleave unto him, then you then will the Lord drive out all the nations from before you, and you shall possess greater nations that and mightier than yourselves, every place." Can you define that for me tonight? Every place, every place. Can you say it with me tonight? Where on the souls of of your feet shall tread shall be yours. From the wilderness of Lebanon, the river, the river Euphrates, even unto the uttermost sea shall your coast be. Listen now. He says, "There shall no man be able to stand before you. For the Lord your God shall lay the fear of you, and the dread of you upon the land that you shall tread upon, and he has said it unto you. He shall possess the gates of his enemy. Brother Brown said, just take it. He shall possess the gates of his enemy. In the church of the living God this morning lays the power to heal all sickness. Can you say amen? Can we say that tonight? In this tabernacle tonight lays the power to heal all sickness. He said it lays the in the church of living God lays power to overcome all temptation. In the possession of the church of the living God this morning lays the power to change sin and throw it away. Amen. He shall possess the gates of his enemy. And you're anointed for such a time as this. He says that's the way it is today. Everywhere the souls your feet sets is possession. He said just keep walking. Footprints means possession. Just take it. Look right north, south, east, and west of his promises is yours. Footprints means possession. It means authority. It means you have the rights. You're greater than this. You will be increased. You're greater. You're going to inherit the land. Amen. So he said footprints is possessions and possession is ownership. Come on. It's authority. You're an heir to all things. Not just one thing. All things. Everything is under your feet. Even death is under your feet. The grave is under your feet. Hell is under your feet. Sin is under your feet. Everything is under your feet tonight, church. Under the same sworn promises. Amen. Everything is under your feet if you're a believer. if you're buried in Christ Jesus. And brother Brown would say it like this. Well, we I'm I'm a nobody. I'm the least one. He says, "See, that's still the souls of his feet." He said, "But remember, he triumphant with you. He triumphant over every bit of it. Even you are the souls of his feet. Every sickness, every devil, every power, every death itself is under your feet. It's under you tonight, church. Hallelujah. Amen. Even if you're the weakest one among us, amen. If you're a believer tonight, amen. You got the weapon the hell can't handle tonight. You're made out of stuff that just can't be bluffed. Amen. So, it meant something. This wasn't just a statement that he was inserting in the Bible. Amen. He said, "Everywhere the your feet where you take possession of, it's going to be your land. I'm going to drive them out. I'm going to put fear before you." Amen. But I'm going to equip you. I'm going to empower you. I'm going to cause you to be increased greater than your opposition or your giants. It meant something. It meant something to take possession. It meant something to take a step of faith. It meant something to walk in your inheritance. It meant something. Amen. To take a step of faith in the message of the hour. Amen. It shows ownership. It shows that you're above it. You're greater than it is. Hallelujah. You say, "Brother Joe, my my situation's bad." Amen. You're greater than it is. Come on. Hallelujah. Amen. David, Amen. through his anointing was greater than the Goliath. Amen. Shamgar was greater than his opposition. Amen. The three children was greater. Amen. Than the fire. Hallelujah. They was anointed to possess the fire. There was a day and age that they was living in. Hallelujah. We can remember a time in the Bible where Jesus sent his disciples away and they was out in the ship and they felt all alone. Didn't feel like there was no help. They didn't feel like there was no way of escape, brother Dave. They just simply thought it was their end. But in the darkest time of his life, are you feeling me tonight? Amen. in the darkest hour of your life. He said the very waves, brother Bam said the waves. Satan got into the waves. Amen. And they begin to torment the very waves that was trying to destroy them. Hallelujah. So, Brother Danny, we find Jesus came walking on the very thing that was trying to destroy them. That's my God tonight. Amen. And it was telling the disciples, "I'm greater than your trouble." Oh, I say the same God here tonight. He's bigger than our problems. He's bigger than our situations. It was showing ownership. It is showing the authority that God had over their storm. And he invited Peter Peter to walk on it. That's right. Come on. Walk on your battle. Walk on top of your storm. He saw Jesus, but it wasn't just good enough. Is somebody with me tonight? Amen. Jesus is wanting you, Amen, to take a step of faith. Amen. Cuz footsteps is possessions. You're anointed for victory tonight. That's good. Amen. and allow that storm become your foottool. The ancient of days, that's how two nations went to battle. The defeated king, they would bring the defeated king of that country in defeat before the reigning king. the reigning king would take his feet and put it on the backs of the defeated king to tell everybody out there, amen, that we have won the battle. The battle is over and the victory has been won. Amen. It showed victory. It showed ownership. It showed authority. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. It was a sign of victory. Not only was it a military victory, but it was complete, absolute, complete control over their adversary. Hallelujah. That's right. Footsteps is possession. You're going to inherit the land. You're going to be increased and you're going to inherit the land. Hallelujah. You're going to be greater than your Jericho. You're going to be greater than Eglon. You're going to be greater than those five kings. You're going to be greater than Jordan. Hallelujah. As you come to it, because brother would make a statement, amen, nothing could stand in the way of a believer going to meet the promises of God. He told us, but but you'll have an uncction from the Holy One. You'll have some dynamite down inside of your soul. When the soul is the spirit's ready to quit and the flesh is ready to give up, there is something that is inside of you sealed to the day of your redemption. Yes, sir. Amen. It's an uncction. It's anointed to blow up everything that's unlike him. It's to make it light up. Brother say you take two pieces and you take a dynamo. Amen. You turn you you begin to turn together as one unit. He said it'll make light. It'll make light. It'll make power. It'll make healing. He said when a believer and God gets turning together, it generates the power of his resurrection. Oh, the it's the power of this revival. Greater is he that is in you than the he that's in the world. Are you with me tonight? The flesh may get down and weak and weary and the spirit wounded, but down inside of a believer's heart is a power that generates the resurrection out of the past, out of your feelings, out of your darkness, out of your graves. Hey, but we're serving a God of resurrection. A God of restoration. [Music] Amen. And a beauty of brother Joey said, "I'll never leave you." I'm going to be with you. I'm going to follow you. I'm going to pursue after you. You may be ready to give up, but God's going to follow you. He's not going to leave you alone. How many's thankful for that? Brother Ram said, "I would have let go a long time ago, but it wasn't me holding him. It was him holding me." I say the anchor is sure, steadfast. Hallelujah. Listen to this. In the light of that, he says, "And your own glorified body is standing near you right now in Christ Jesus to give you a strength like a charge going into a battery. This flesh body battered ups and downs, good days, bad days. Hallelujah. this battery gets gets weak. It gets weary. It gets sick. But in the light of all of that, church, there's brother Brown would make a statement, your glorified body standing right near you right now in Christ Jesus to give you a charge like a charge going into a battery. Amen. What is he saying? Your body's going to get weak, but the greater is within you. Amen. And when you're ready to give up, he's going to come walking on the very storm that try to destroy you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Cuz that's the way my God is. Amen. This body gets weak. Amen. There's a there's somebody on the inside of you. There's anointing on the inside of you. Amen. begins to electrify. It's already kicked hell out. It's already kicked the devil out. And no matter what happens, Sister Carla, around us, that supernatural strength is with you wherever you go. You can be in the back parts of Africa somewhere. You can be like Congress upshaw. A I believe it was or no it was uh uh who was it overseas that fell stricken and brother Bossworth. Amen. And I knew I'd have a little fog there. It might be You might have left it up here, brother. There goes my bad names tonight. But he was so mindful of him that before he sent the telegram to brother Brandham. Brother Brandham already had a vision. Amen. And already said a prayer for him. Amen. And brother Brandham said the age of the Lord beat the telegram back to him. I say God's in our has been in our past. He's working in our future. He's living in our present. He's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said it's like a charge going into a battery. The Holy Spirit is in you. It's to charge your body, to give you a new strength, to heal you from your sickness that you got to make you well. I say you can't escape the blessing tonight. Now the stabilizers he said he's talking about within you. There's a great power of this revival that is within you is greater than we are. Amen. How many's got the revival within you? Can you be like the the the policeman said, "Where is the Welsh revival?" He said, "You're standing in his presence. I am the Welsh revival." Doesn't matter what you're going through. Amen. You are what you are by the grace of God tonight. He says, "Now the state layer has been put in in on the ship." He said, "These great fearful waves are out here before us." But we know, how many knows with me? But we know just beyond the wave yonder. We're nearing the shore. When the waves get greater, it's only an indication. We just got a few more days of labor. Hallelujah. We're nearing the shore. Just stay stable. Just stay. Can we have some stable Christians? Is that why the pastors uh uh that's your desire tonight? Just to have stable sons and daughters of God. When the storm is a raging, they're still there. When the hot and heavy, Satan's on the trail. Amen. They're still in the house of God lifting their hands, stomping their feet, placing a devil where he belongs, fighting with our brother. Not against our brother, but with our brother. It's a stabilizer. Just stay stable. Just stay in the word. Just stay with God. No matter how you feel. Can I have an amen there? No matter how you feel, what anyone else has to say about it. He says, just stay stable when you see all these great big old clouds around us and the storms are coming and the atomic bombs, everything else they're taking talking about. But our stabilizer, our stabilizer right straight in the word of God. God said it would be here. He said, "We'll crest every one of them." He said, "Yeah, we'll go right over the top of them." Yes, indeed. They can't sink us. They can't sink us. Amen. No matter, brother Harvey, no matter what you're going through tonight, it can't sink you. Amen. Satan can't destroy you. Hallelujah. We may get knocked down, but we're going to get stand right back up. Yes, sir. Why? Because down inside of you is a stabilizer. No matter how hard the wind blows, you just get right back up, young kids. No matter what hell tries to throw your way, you still stand right back up. Do you see them tonight? Look around you. The hounds of hell has been following you. Brother B said, when you receive the Holy Ghost, every gun of hell is pointing at you. Hell is on your trail tonight. But here you are on a Wednesday night. Here you are on a Wednesday night. Satan thought he had you. But here you are praising your king, shouting for joy, singing the songs of Zion. Oh, Satan throwed his hardest punch at you maybe this week. He's tried to hit you with financial problems. He tried to hit you with sickness. He's tried to hit you with depression. Oh, but when it comes around to it, amen, early in the morning, you rise up and begin to read your Bible. You begin to meditate on the Lord. Amen. You show up on a Wednesday night. Amen. What it is that we're serving our God. Amen. We're serving the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. Amen. We fall short many times. Hey, let me tell you something. If you're a believer, Satan's going to punch at you, brother. Said it like this. He'll knock at your He'll He'll knock at your door, h at your window. Amen. He'll try to do everything he he can to discourage you. But the beauty of it, every time you get knocked down, brother said it can't sink your ship. Reminds me when we was a kid, we get these blow up boxing You always blow it up and and have a character on it. We'll take off. Brother David, you remember those? Amen. I don't even know if they have one today, but they had a stabilizer in it. Brother Herald, you can take off hard as you want. Go punch that punching bag. Amen. And it'll go and hit the ground, it'll stand right back up. No matter how hard you begin to punch you. Amen. Listen, brothers and sisters. how hard hell tries to punch you and try. You don't need to praise God. You don't need to shout for joy. I say let's positionally place that devil here tonight. Amen. You're going to stand right back up. Hallelujah. Because it's not you, it's him. He's greater than your problems. He's greater than your storm. He's bigger than your waves. Hallelujah. And no matter how hard you get hit, oh hallelujah tonight. Amen. No matter how hard you get hit, you stand right back up. Thank you, Lord. Wonderful. Peter said, "Oh, if that be you, Lord, bid me to come walking on my giant. Oh, can we be that? Can we be him tonight, Lord? If that be you speaking to me tonight. Oh, bid me to come. Let me walk on my giant. Yes, sir. I say you can walk on him tonight. We could have a Jericho march around our battle tonight. I say God's bigger than our situation. No matter how hard you get hit, Brother Brown said, "Yes, indeed. They can't sink us." Hallelujah. Ezekiel 37 familiar scripture says, "The hand of the Lord was upon me and carried me out in the spirit of the Lord and set me down in the midst of a valley which was full of bones. And he called me to pass about around. And behold, there were very many in the open valley. Lo, they were very dry. It was dry. No hope. didn't look like, brother David didn't look like there could be no revival. Maybe it looked like Lazarus when he was laid in a tomb. Looked like there was grave clothes wrapped around him. Looked like there was no hope inside. And he said unto me, "Son of man, can these bones live?" And I answered, "Oh Lord God, thou knowest?" He may be four days late, but he's always right on time. You can't escape the blessing tonight. Where when Jesus came, he took a situation under control. And he said, Lazarus, thank you, Lord. Come forth. Lazarus couldn't escape the blessing. Come on. The world may have given up on you. Church family might have gave up on you. But God is a God of restoration. He's a God of restoring back. And again, he said unto me, prophesy upon these bones. And I say unto him, all you dry bones, hear the word of the Lord. You may seem hopeless. You may seem dry, but hear the word of the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord God unto these bones. Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and you shall live. You shall be quickened. You should be made alive. And I will lay senus upon you and will bring up flesh upon you and cover you up with skin and put breath in you and you shall live and you shall know that I am the Lord. I will give you the ability to become what you once was. So I prophesied as I commanded and I prophesied and there was a noise and behold shaken and bones came together bone to his bone. There was some noise of praise. There was some noise of worship. And when behold I lay senus and flesh came upon them and skin covered them above but there was no breath in them. All this Asia we're living in, no doubt, blindness, nakedness, driedness. But in the midst of all this dryness, can these bones live again? Then he said unto me, prophesy unto the wind. Prophesy, son of man. Say to the wind, thus sayith the Lord God, come from the four winds, O breath, breathe upon these slain, that they may live. So I prophesied and commanded me and breath came into them and they lived and they stood upon their feet as an exceeding great army. Oh, they couldn't escape it. Then he said unto me, son of man, these bones are the whole house of Israel. Behold, they say, our bones are dried and our hope is lost and were cut off from our parts. Therefore prophesy and say to them, thus saith the Lord, behold, oh my people, I will open up your graves, and I'll cause you to come up out of your graves, cuz I'm the God of resurrection. I'll bring you into the land of Israel, and you shall know that I am the Lord when I open your graves. Can you say amen to that? Amen. How many have has God opened up your graves? Oh my people I brought you up out of your graves and shall put my spirit in you and you shall live and I shall place in you in your own land. Then you shall know that I the Lord have spoken and performed it sayeth the Lord. Hear you, oh dry bones. Come on, the word of the Lord. skin come come upon them. Brother Bram says and they stood up as a mighty army and begin to march towards Zion. Glory to God. He said that's him. That's him. He says there's the victory. That's exactly what has happened today. Can these bones live again? Born in an age of lukewarmness. born in the age uh uh uh uh of deception and broken homes, insanity, this world has fallen apart. But in the in the age of so much darkness, can these bones live again? Brother said, he said, "Son of man, Can these boats live again? And he says, "That's him. That's him. That's his victory." The condensing of God. Amen. God has worked himself down into humanity again. Oh, church of a living God. We might have been birthed in the age of lukewarmness. Amen. But we got we got something down inside of our hearts called the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. That's energizing our bodies, energizing our spirit. When I don't even feel like praising him, I'm going to go ahead and lift my hands up a little bit tonight. Hey, I got a tennis elbow and this arm. Don't want to work too good, but I still want to praise the Lord tonight. Amen. Cuz God is good. I say, "Can these bones live again?" I say, "Look around you tonight. Look around you tonight. How many believers do we have tonight? Look around tonight, church. These bones are living in such a great darkness and deceit that in the evening time there is going to be light." I say tonight, church, there's going to be believers that's on fire for this message and going to take God at his word in the midst of all all odds. They're going to walk and positionally place those waves under their feet. Brother Herald, I believe the bride was prethreaded before the foundation of the world. If the world threaded you, the world could pull you. You was pulled by the world for a season. Why? that germ seed that God had in you when you came to this world. Amen. Was living down inside of your heart. Amen. There dormant for so many years, Sister Stephanie. But one day, God, rich in mercy, came looking for you. You didn't go looking for him. He came looking and seeking to save you. That which was lost. Hallelujah. Amen. You was predestinated. You was prethreaded before the foundation of the world under that same sworn promise. If the son shall make you free, you're free indeed. Hallelujah. Just a few just a week or so ago, two weeks ago, there was a convict that escaped out of Calico Rock. I'm sure you heard about it here. It's been all over the news. And but you know what? He he over time he made him some garment that looked like the police officer. And brother Ben, he snuck his way out and they didn't quite notice it. He got away. Oh, but church, it wasn't 30 minutes later. He was beginning to broadcast all over this nation. Amen. He He might be outside of the prison bars, but he's only escaping. The fear is still following everywhere he goes. Amen. He's still looking over his shoulder. He's trying to change his name. He's trying to change his appearance. And no matter what, Amen. The time can catch up with him if he don't take his life. Amen. But he will always live under the bondage. because he's escaping. Hallelujah. Amen. When they was down in Egypt, they was under the prison bars. If they would escape, Amen. They would go out and they had every right to bring him back. And that's the way Arkansas State Police has every right to seek him, search for him, and bring him back to justice because he's escaping. Come on. Oh, but church, when Moses went down with a mighty hand as a one-man invasion, Amen. He brought the children, I could preach it there for a little while. Amen. But when they brought them out of the Egypt, Hallelujah. And they begin to walk toward their promised land and no doubt these words was echoing in their their their hearts and their mind. I'm going to be increased. I'm going to be increased. We're going to inherit the land. This is what been promised. This was a sworn promise from Almighty God. And we're living under that sworn promise. Yes, sir. And God be to bring them out with a mighty hand. And the enemy begin to come in like a flood. Oh, but God was watching over an inheritance. Amen. He came and stayed the hand of the Egyptians all night long. And here come the wind of Yahweh out of the heavens and departed the sea. And the children of God walked across on dry ground. Oh my. Amen. As the Holy Gh as the Holy Spirit would stay in the the hand of the enemy. The pill of fire and the cloud was holding back the enemy. Yeah. But as the last one entered the other side, God released them and let them. But that see, Amen. That divided sea wasn't for the enemy. It wasn't their way of escape. God had a plan. God had a plan. Oh my. Just when the enemy got right where God wanted him, he released that power and Moses and Marram looked back and one grabbed a tambourine. Another begin to sing a new song. Amen. They begin to rejoice. They begin to dance. They begin to scream. Why? Because their enemy was dead. There was no longer escape. Who the son has made free is free indeed. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I say this evening, you're not an escapee, church. You're free indeed. He who the son has made free is free indeed. No more bondage. He says, "Amen. No bondage. Free in the liberty where Christ has made you free." He said, "That's right. Go ahead, knock that little height out and that little Jebusite. Take that little Canaanite and just kick him away." Why? Because you're not an escapee of Lady Oia. Lady Oil has no hold on you any longer. You was prethreaded before the foundation of the world. A prophet said, "You have turned heavily. Thank you, Lord. You already turned in that direction. And if Jesus tells you to come, I say you're going to make it tonight. Hallelujah. My not escape you and you're free indeed. You're free indeed tonight. If that wave has been kicking you around, brother simply says, "You're not escaping." And let's let's just kick that escape mentality out of our lives. You're not an escapee. You're not barely getting by later. No, no, no, no, no. Amen. I'm telling you, everything that you have need of, even the rapture is already within you. Thank you, Lord. I say as Paul made it to Rome, you're going to make it home. Shipwreck didn't stop Paul. Snake bait didn't stop Paul. And I say that these trials that so easily besets us is not going to stop us either. Hallelujah. Cuz we're the battle is already over. The victory is already been won. Jane, it's one. It's over. You know, in a football game, if you're familiar with football, there comes a time in a ball ball game that the the team that is fixing to lose had exhausted all of its options. The day they're out of timeouts, they have no way to stop the clock. Yet, there's still a minute and a half on the on the clock. They're still in time, but the quarterback can get into a place called victory formation. And they c they they the lineman surround the quarterback and he can take the ball and he can and take a knee and the crowd is is shouting. The team is rejoicing. There's still time on the clock. There's still time left. But the enemy has exhausted all of its options. Come on. I say 2,000 years ago, Jesus Christ stripped hell of all of its options. He defeated death. He took the stinger that his greatest weapon was death. And Jesus body tore the the the stinger of death and he pulled it into his bosom and he went to hell and he knocked on prison's door and says, "Give me those keys. You torn me and my children long enough." And he began to conquer Satan's trinity. That's right. It's vindicating their victory. We're here in time, church. We could still rejoice. We could still shout. We could still scream. It's not just an emotion. We're just excited cuz we got a revelation and the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. Amen. What revelation did the message bring us? I came from God and I'm going back to God. Hallelujah. It's a promise. Satan tries to attack your sickness, diseases, and your past, and your failures. Come on. It becomes your diagnosis. Satan tries to diagnose you with depression, autism. He tries to tag you with all this. Listen, brother Brown said that blind little German girl said, "Oh, sweetheart, I came all the way from the United States to pray. Can I do I have a little bit of time?" Well, Joel said, "All right, bud." He took an hour and 10 or 15 at our church. He said, "I could have that tonight." I said, "Yes, sweetheart. I came all the way from the United States to pray for you." She put her arm and wrapped her little arms around me. Laid her little head over on my shoulder. Just the assurance, child simplicity, that God of heaven was going to move somehow. And a few moments she opened her little eyes. She said, "Is that what you call them things, lights?" Her mother jumped and screaming, ran out of her shoes, run to the platform. She said, "Darling," she said, "Mother, are you you're so beautiful. Why?" He said, "Calvary prepared." Yeah. Oh, hallelujah. Made preparation for her healing of her eyes 2,000 years ago. She was diagnosed with blindness, but her diagnosis wasn't her verdict. Hallelujah. There was a blind man in the Bible. A was blind from his youth. Amen. He was diagnosed. He didn't have no eyeballs, but God rich in mercy. Jesus sped on the ground and touched some mudcakes and plated it on his eyes and go told him to wash. Hallelujah. His diagnosis that he would never see again. But Jesus said, "Go wash." And when he washed the mud out of his eyes, the mud would burn from his eyes. For the first time, this man had eyesight and they came looking for they was the hell was so disturbed. I say, "Let's disturb hell tonight." Hell was so disturbed and they came searching. They talked to his family, talked to the church. They finally came to him said, "I don't know what y'all's complaining about. I don't know what my mom and dad's talking about. I don't know what the religious world is saying about this. All I know this one thing I know. I once was blind, but now I see. Yes, sir. Hell might have told you that you'd always had that problem, but that's only hell's diagnosis. Amen. His verdict is his word. And he said, I'm the Lord God that health all thy diseases. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Our diagnos our diagnosis was we're not worthy. No way we could be saved. But this message of the king screamed it's not so from the beginning. Your verdict is you never done it in the first place. Hallelujah. Hey, I was diagnosed with problems with my right ear. I had to go to specialist because they had a surgery when I was a young boy and had to go twice a a year to get it get it worked on. And you know, I was sitting in our our 10 revival, brother Ben back in the back last fall and Jonathan Martin was preaching, brother Jonathan was preaching and at the end, boy, the Lord was really dealing with my heart and and I was like, you know, this is my time. And it was running through my mind at that time, brother Ben. I was having to go often. I was had to go several times. I had to go and get my get get it get it worked on because it was it was dropping down uh uh uh in between my eard drum and it was causing havoc. I couldn't sleep. But I can remember David Solid placing his hands over my ears and brother Jonathan begin to pray and something begin to move. My diagnosis said I'd always have that problem. But his verdict says I'm not finished with you. The king still has one more move tonight. I'm here to tell you I'm a witness. Amen. That that hasn't bothered me. Satan tried to raise his head one time. I said, "Boo devil. Hallelujah. I say he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he done it for a blind man, if he did it for a blind girl, if he did it for a hillbilly from Arkansas, he could do it for you tonight. I don't care what hell has tagged for you. I don't care what the doctor has diagnosed you with. It is not. It is not the final word. It's not the final say tonight. Hallelujah. It's not the final say. Cuz we're fighting in time behind the greatest lineman echoing in our heart. The battle is already over. We're already in victory formation. Right in the midst of Satan's Eden. Oh, if I don't want to make you shout tonight, I don't know what will. Right in the midst of Satan's Eden, there is a bride that's fighting behind. Still in time, but behind the victory formation of Calvary. Faith is the victory that overcomes the world. To conquer means to beat down. Come on. Beat down is a physical beaten or assault. It's a savage beatd down. It's a decisive defeat. Praise the Lord. Jesus took advantage of hell. It was a decisive defeat. But now he's saying you have a right. Amen. To conquer means to beat down. A savage beatdown. Decisive defeat. And it says to conquer is to override, to ride over and prevail over, annull, to declare or make legally legally invalid or void, to reduce to nothing, to make ineffective, neutralize the actions of. Oh, hallelujah. G. He says handcuff means to to restraint take away one's ability to perform. To throw into prison just mean it means the primary meaning is to restrict restrict somebody's freedom. Oh, I'm preaching to you tonight. Amen. Beat down is a decisive defeat. Amen. Override is to make him ineffective in your life. Neutralize the actions of hell. Amen. To take away the ability to perform in your life. Amen. To restrict hell's freedom. That's right. It means that sin that once ruled you, you rule it now. To rule over means to exert control or dominance over something. To have authority over. To exercise absolutely authority. To to to over someone or something. to serve as their boss. I say let's take a footprint on him tonight. Amen. Let's take a footprint tonight. Let's beat him down. Let's override his hell. Let's override those those bluffs. Override those feelings. Override them mind games. Override them funny feelings against your brother or sister. Handcuff that devil that's trying to destroy you and your family. So what? How can I handcuff hell? I tell you how he do it. Take God's word. Say boo devil. If he don't move, take the authority of God's word. You've got a badge. Badge of authority. A better handcuff that guy. Throw him in prison. Restrict his freedom in your vehicle. I don't want hell to feel comfortable around me. I want to restrict his freedom. I want to talk so much about Jesus. Hell don't feel welcome around me. I want to live so much in his presence. I want to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. Thank you, Lord. He says to conquer means beat down, override, thrown into prison, handcuff that sin that once ru, you rule over. Now you're its boss. Oh yeah. that you have absolutely authority over. Oh, there's nothing to fight about. The fight is over. The whistle has blown. Brother Brown said, "The flag has rose. And in the midst of every sin, pal, every mist of every sick room is the old rugged cross planted by the blood of Jesus Christ." Oh yeah. Hallelujah. Amen. planted by the blood of Jesus Christ, a mighty conqueror. Only thing we have to do is believe and look and live. If you get discouraged tonight, amen, look at the old rugged cross and the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. It's making a statement. We're not defeated. Oh, thank you, Lord. When that great battle was going down, Amen. There in the Old Testament, Moses was on the hillside. remember they could look back at his hands long as his hands was lifted high. Amen. It didn't matter what was going down on the valley. Didn't matter what you was going through. Didn't matter how you felt. Amen. You didn't judge the battle on what you was going through. You judged the battle of what Moses hands was doing. If his hands was down, you was losing. If his hands was up, you was winning. Amen. He didn't allow the things around him to deter how they was fighting the battle. Come on. Come on, somebody. Amen. And brother Brown said they nailed Jesus hands on an old rugged cross. Don't matter where you're at. Amen. All you got to do is look and live. Sister Carla, doesn't matter what's going on out here in the valley, Sister Jack, it doesn't matter what kind of battles are raging in your life. Come on. When you're ready to give up, Sister Stephanie, all you got to do is look back to Calvary. Come on. Amen. We don't judge how we're winning by what we're going through. We judge by what's already been done. We're working and living under victory formation. Hallelujah. Only thing we have to do is believe and look and live. He said it means that you have overcome it. Same quote. Beat down, override, handcuff, throwing to prison, sin that roll on you, you rule it now. And he said it means that you have overcome it. You have whipped it. You are greater. You've been increased. You're greater than it is because the strength of God that's in you is greater than any affliction that can come upon you. Nothing can overtake you. You're not an escapee. You're free. If you are, he says that any man I'm hurrying. If any man anywhere ever feels the burden of his sin, we have a lamb. It's a lamb that takes away the sin of the world. He says, "Till the blood that was shed on Calvary has been applied in your heart." Then he says, "The burden is gone. My burdens rolled away." Then you are free. He He says, "He who the Son makes free is free indeed." Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter what you're going through. Hey, listen. We go through some great trials in our life. And we we're humans. If you can get that that bottle back there, Brother B. Amen. We're humans. We go through battles. We go through trials. We go through grief. We go through hard times, brother David. And we might have to carry that burden. Brother Brown carry that stomach problem for a long time. You can stand up, brother Ben. Everybody. Ain't he a handsome fella? He's a good pastor, isn't he? He's a good brother, too. If you'll hold that out, Brother Ben, just with your fingers. No, don't try to cheat. Hold it straight out now. I know you've been sick and weakling, but grab a talk. Let me help him out a little bit. We're just h here to have a good time anyhow. Just hold that right there. Don't move. Amen. It it it's it's sometimes the things that we suffer in this life can get hard and get heavy and we can feel start feeling the pressure of life and before you know it before you know it I know it's hard to take your eyes off of but brother Ben when he first grabbed a hold of it oh I got this I'm a big fella I can handle this I'm strong I can handle this. I'm big enough. I can handle this. Now he's turning red. He can't even praise God now. Amen. He ain't thinking about Jesus. He ain't thinking about church. He's not think he's thinking about the burden. It's getting heavy. The very burden that he could handle is now becoming so much. It's drained his victory. It's drained his praise. It's drained his clapping his hands. It's drain It's sapped everything out of his life. He's come to the church with a burden, but all Jesus said, "Let me take hold of it. Let me help you out. You don't have to let go of it." Oh, don't that feel good? Oh, it feels good, don't you? You can't have my drink. Come on. That's all he's asking. Church, so many times. Amen. Though they say, "Well, I ain't talking about your sunship. I ain't talking about you being sealed. I'm not talking about you not. I'm talking about you being human. and fighting battles, human battles, human sufferings. That's right. He told Paul in that dream, he said, "Listen, Amen. Go to the top and cut that tree down." Remember, Brother Bam telling about that Paul Ritter or whatever his name was. Another brain fog. Amen. He told him, "Go up there. Cut it down." And when he did, he's like, "Oh, I can't do this. The burden is so heavy. The burden's so heavy. And then he heard his boss. I could preach this, but I know, brother Joel, time. My time 110's running. Amen. It got it got so hard. And then he heard that sweet small voice. That still small voice that said, "Paul, quit struggling it. I know the bottle's getting heavy. It's getting so heavy. I know. Listen, before I told you to go up there, I had a predestinated stream of grace. All you got to do is roll that burden upon my grace. And what did he tell him to do? Jump on top of it. Put that burden under your feet. Show ownership. Show authority. Let it become your foottool, Paul. And what he say, I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it. It took the burden away. He was still on top of it, it was still there. But when I grabbed a hold of it and began to when God puts his hand to it, you're free. Free indeed. He said, "Then the burden is gone. The son makes you free. Free indeed." Hallelujah. We got an inheritance. Can you say amen? I'll finish with this tonight. And our inheritance belongs to us. The bad thing we get to preach and just get comfortable and things start coming and then we got to quit. And our inheritance belongs to us. Can you say amen? Inheritance by predestination. I thought this was one I I preached several services on this one quote at home. They had to be somebody to leave me inheritance. And he said, "Why you say Jesus left your inheritance?" Brother said, "I beg your pardon. Jesus never left your inheritance. He only came down and paid for your inheritance. He brought it to you. Brought you to your inheritance." But listen to this. Said, "Brother B said, but your name was put on the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. God gave your inheritance. Your inheritance was first. God sent Jesus. He said to make the inheritance real to you. Hallelujah. And nothing in time could ever time skipping things. Nothing in time could ever take that away from you. At the 50th year, amen. You remember the the year of Jubilee, that 50th year. Amen. When the trumpet blow, the priest blowed the trumpet, it meant something to those slaves that that was under bondage. Amen. Brother Brown said they could drop the hole. They can drop the shovel. They can look in the taskmaster's face and says, "You can't hit me one more time." And they've been people that may that has taken over their land, but the scripture said the land cannot be sold forever. Amen. Meaning, Amen. They that Satan could only hold it for a season. Amen. The the sons of Anch took Caleb's land, but that land was their days on that land was numbered. They cannot keep the land forever. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm telling you, church, Satan has robbed us for a season, but Satan's days are numbered. He cannot keep the land forever. Hallelujah. Amen. Because you did not receive your inheritance in time. You received your inheritance in the eternities. Amen. That God gave it to you first. And no matter what hell tries to do on this in time can never rob you, what God had in his mind before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Oh, don't you love him? That's gu. No matter what happened in time can never erase what happened in the first place. What a revelation. Under that same sworn promise. I came from God and I'm going back to God. Oh church, I say you're a value tonight. The debt is settled. Everything against you has been struck off. Brother man said, "I act silly, but I'm feeling pretty good." How many can rejoice around that? There's an abstract deed. Do you realize what that means? Do you realize what that means, brother? There's nothing can take it from you. It's been tra I'm closing. It's been traced all the way back, brother Ben. It's been traced all the way back. where too they've been traced back from the foundation of the world. By fornowledge he predestinated you. Hallelujah. Amen. He knew the trials. He knew every wave that you would go through. Oh, but he knew the power of his resurrection, the power of his blood. Come on. You're a value tonight. You're a value. No matter what hell tries to say, hell tries everything he can do, brother Daniel, devalue who you are, but he can't. I can take this. I do have some money in here. I can take this $100 bill. I say, "Brother Ben, you want this $100?" Absolutely. Oh, man. Look at that. He didn't hesitate, did he? Even though I worked hard for that. He said, 'Y yeah, I'll take that $100 bill and I can take it and I can wad it up. You still want that $100 bill? Absolutely. I can take it and I can stomp on it. Say, Brother Ben, you still want that $100 bill? Why do you still want that $100 bill? $100? I stomped on it. I could put it in dirt. Dirt didn't see. There's a seal on here. There's a verification code right here. And you could trace it, brother B. Hey, he said he traced it all the way back. Amen. To a pot of gold somewhere. And this, he said, this is all backed up. I say tonight, Amen. Don't listen to the devil's lies. He's beat you up over your past. He's beat you over things that's happened in your journey. Oh, but you're of value tonight, church. You've been weded up. You've been trampled under feet. Amen. But you got a code down inside of you. A validation code that goes all the way not just to Calvary, but before the foundation. I wish I had the voice tonight to preach it. All the way back to Calvary. Thank you, Lord. And identifies your value and can be traced all the way back to where it is all backed up. Brother Bram said, Brother Herald, he said, "The bride oh will come forth and there is all pre-planned by God and it's all backed up from the beginning." Hallelujah. God knew what he was done. He gave your inheritance first. Hell can't rob you of it. Hallelujah. You can't lose your inheritance. You cannot lo You're free indeed. You're not bound. You're free. Amen. You're not lost or found. You're not forgiven. You're justified as though you've never done it in the first place. I say you're the bride of Jesus Christ. And the blessing will come. The blessing's going to come. God cares for you no matter what you're going through. Even before you needed a blessing, God was preparing you one. I might have told this story here before, but I'll tell it again. There was a lady one time, Brother Ben, closing with this. Yeah, she's laughing about it. They're like, "Yeah, right. Them preachers lie." There was a lady, this elder lady, she she was down. She a she didn't have no more money. She was out of food. She went to pray and she got on her knees while she was praying. She heard some noise outside. She went out and looked, Brother Harvey. She looked out the window. She seen 21 chickens coming down the hill down the road. went into her barn, stayed there a few moments, and she watched those little chickens come right back out and go right back up that road and back home. And she said, "Honey, you ain't going to believe what I seen." I was praying. He said, "Let's go out there and see what happened." They went out there and there was 21 eggs in her barn. And she said, "A good neighbor." She said, "Man, I felt so bad." She said, "I went up to the neighbor and I told the neighbor, I said, "You ain't going to believe this, but your chickens," when she said that, that lady said, "You know what? I hate those chickens. Those chickens don't never lay nothing for me. They don't never do nothing. They're lazy. They've never laid no eggs at all for us. I don't know why we bought them. She didn't have to buy them. She didn't have to worry about them. She didn't have to feed them. Hallelujah. Amen. Though those folks didn't know why they went out and bought 21 chickens, but God was preparing a blessing before they even needed a blessing. Hallelujah. That's my God tonight. I tell you, I was out at I was on a North Fork River one time. Amen. And I was floating down. We ran out of gas, believe it or not. Me and David Gates. and you know and and man we it was swift brother Dan you've been up there we was way down there below way down there and I thought man the fog starting to it's getting dark starting to the sun was setting I'm talking good lord you know what we going to do I gota I mean I do everything for brother David I don't know how I'm going to get him back up this river but you know what brother Harvey about that time there came a boat floating down. Thought you ever fished up there most most about the evening time? You don't hardly see anybody. But there was a guy, one guy in a boat floating down and didn't know why, but he put a five gallon extra tank of gas in his boat. Before I needed a blessing, before I knew I needed a blessing, God says, "Go ahead. Put this gas. You ain't going to need it, David. Go ahead. There's somebody down the river." Amen. That's going to need this tank of gas. Amen. Amen. This woman didn't have to buy it. She didn't have to go out and protect him. She didn't have to defend for him. All she had to do is go in and collect the blessing. I say that's the way it is tonight, church. God has gave us the blessings. All we had to do as believers is collect the blessing. Give me more. Give me more. Healing is my possession. Amen. Salvation is my possession. The Holy Ghost is my possession. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Regardless of the circumstances, we are anointed for victory. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. God who's rich in mercy. God who's rich in mercy. sworn promise under living under the same sworn promise. We're going to live victorious. Thank you, Lord. There's going to be somebody going to walk right out of this dimension into another. Somebody's going to translate. Somebody's going to be changed in a moment of a twinkling of an eye. Somebody's going to live above sin. Somebody's going to beat him down. Somebody's going to handcuff. Somebody's going to override. Amen. It don't have to be for the church down the road. Amen. It could be for you tonight. Amen. I can say tell you tonight, God has got chickens laying eggs for you tonight. Exactly what you have need of. Amen. God has already been working in the future. All you've got to do is make footsteps toward your blessing. God's going to make this trial of blessing. Do you love the Lord tonight? Do you love him? Can you stand to your feet? the musicians will come. God's good to us, isn't he? It's good living and fighting behind victory formation. Hallelujah. God's good. Hell is out of options. What a vday. Brother said, "He's my victory and I'm his evidence." Oh, devil's howling about this. The manifested truth of the promise of the word is in her alone. They don't have the answer. Hallelujah. He said, "We come from the last days with a glorious gospel showing his victory. We are proof of his victory." He's my victory and I'm his evidence. I'm an evidence of his victory. Satan cannot possess the land forever. He's a squatter. His days are numbered. His days are numbered. Brother Robert, his days are numbered. He's only a squatter. He's only a bluff. He has no rights. His days are numbered. For a son and daughter of God, take their position. Say, "Satan, you diagnosed me with this, but it's not my verdict tonight. My verdict. God's put 21 eggs in my barn." Hallelujah. He's an everpresent help in a time of trouble. If you've been carrying a heavy burden tonight, I challenge you to commit it to the Lord. Can we just bow our hearts tonight just for a moment? [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you've been carrying a heavy burden tonight, I challenge you tonight. Jesus has been you to come, Peter. He's telling you, you can walk on the water tonight. You can put that diagnosis under your feet. [Music] Jesus came walking on the water. Those waves may look big. They waves may look dangerous, but Jesus came to calm the raging battles in your life and become your burden barrier, your heavy load sharer. God bless your hands, Lord Jesus. We pray tonight, Lord God, that we can let go enough to allow you, Lord, become our burden barrier. Lord, we don't want to escape the burden. We want to be free. Free indeed tonight. Well, Lord, the Satan has diagnosed us with these problems. The giants has been in our land, but the giants can't hold the land forever. Amen. We as believers when we take God at his word and recognize who we are and we have the rights the abstract title deed Lord we got a right to walk on top of our ways Lord we got got a right to rise above it all Lord I pray Lord God that they can draw strength from this little these little words of encouragement tonight Father on a Wednesday night Lord I Pray, Lord God. Lord, if that burden's been draining their victory, if the burden been taking their joy, if burden's been taking their shout, the burden's been taking their their voice, their amens, their praise the Lord's, their walk, their smile, their joy, their happiness. Lord, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ tonight, Lord, Lord, they would allow you to come down and put your hands upon that burden and let it become light. Let them become free, free indeed. Oh Lord, they can re restore their joy, restore their praise, restore their dance, rejoice, restore their happiness, Lord. Restore their amens, restore their praise the Lords. Lord, I pray that you'll anoint no anoint them aresh tonight as we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And he said that sin that ruled you, you rule it now. You're its boss. You're its boss. And brother said, "You know what? I didn't know what I was going to do with those walls. I didn't have a strength to let those people in that insane institution free." Oh, but he said all of a sudden he heard that voice. He said, "Brother Herald," he just said, "You speak, oh house of hell, give away in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." And the walls begin to tremble below them. Oh church, I believe that's the same way with you tonight. Oh house of hell, you have no more liberty on my land. You can't hold the land forever. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Go ahead, brother. It's already done. Oh, you're in victory formation tonight. Oh, it's already done. Hallelujah. Oh, it's already done. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. Do you believe it? Oh, it should bring a smile to your face tonight. I've already made it. Oh, you believe it. We're still in time. Hallelujah. But we're in victory formation. I've already made it. Oh, we can go ahead and shout the victory, Mariel. Praise the Lord for the battle is over. The victory is one. It's already done. Oh, do you believe it now? Yes. My family is sealed. Oh, yes. Hallelujah. Family is sealed. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. [Music] The word has been revealed. Oh, hallelujah. The word has been revealed. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. Oh, I'm already healed. [Music] Halleluah. I'm already healed. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already One more time with all your hearts now. It's already done. Oh yes. It's already done. [Music] Halleluah. It's already done. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is done. It's already done. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise [Music] tonight? Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. [Music] Oh, I surrender to the king. Oh yes. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Oh father, I can see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come and let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers arise. Can we worship him just for a moment now? Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Oh yes, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the King. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise? Amen. Aren't you glad to be in victory formation here tonight? Amen. We know that the battle is already won. And aren't you thankful we know who goes before us in battle? Amen. I'm so glad he found me in the key of G. We're going to sing this and you're dismissed. God bless you. Amen. Just don't forget services on Sunday. Amen. At 10 10:30 Sunday morning, 3:00 Sunday afternoon. Come back expecting more from the Lord. Amen. God bless you as you go. Well, I'm so glad he found me in love. He found me. He put his arms all around me. Oh, then he led me to
