################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - Revive Us Again That The People May Rejoice Bro Joel Pruitt Sunday Morning 9142025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-14
Title:   "Revive Us Again That The People May Rejoice" Bro Joel Pruitt Sunday Morning 9/14/2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7Brvs9xGi8
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Don't. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] The miracle. Les are made. Lord, there's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. Just welcome everybody to the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's sing that song. What a day that will be. There is coming a day when no heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more. on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrow there, no more burdens to bear, no more sickness, no pain, no more partying over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be with all our hearts. Oh, what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. Then he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day. Amen. Let's sing that chorus once again. Oh, what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. And he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Amen. Are you looking forward to that day? Amen. Let's sing that song. My hope is in the Lord. We'll start with a verse. My hope is in the Lord. We'll start with the first verse. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lie. For whom the raging of the sea subside. the living sacrifice. Oh my hope is in the Lord from this day on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to lead the sinner and his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. [Music] Those who trust in him find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this day on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Yes, my hope. It is in the Lord. From this day on and never more. Oh my hope, it is in the Lord. And let's just lift our hands. We sing that to him again. Yes, my hope. It is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope, it is in the Lord forever more. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? [Applause] I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Yes, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. [Music] There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let me hear you sing it this morning. Yes, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. With all our hearts. Yes, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Why don't you turn around and greet your neighbor in the name of the Lord? [Music] Blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. [Music] I love to praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Well, and sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Heaven comes down on me. I love to praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the precious. Once again, as the ushers come, yes, there is power. You believe there's power in the blood this morning? In the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Sorry, Brother Robert. I'm throwing different ones at him, so forgive me. But Amen. We're just here to worship the Lord this morning. Amen. We've got um we don't have any written requests, but I know there's a uh many needs out there. I know um a lady that I used to work with passed away the other day or or this morning. So, be praying for her family. Um her name was Melissa Parsley. So, just be praying for her. All the things that are going around the country, just be in prayer. Amen. If you have an unspoken request, if you just want to make it known by the uplifting of your hand this morning, Amen. And we'll just ask brother David take these needs for us. Dear Lord, we come before you this morning, Lord. Just giving you thanks and praise, Lord, for another chance to gather together, Lord, and worship you, Lord, with our little church group here, Lord. We just want to give you thanks and just want to express our love to you this morning, Lord, for everything you've done for us, Lord, and how far you've brought us, Lord. And we know we're going to take us through, Lord. Just bring this service before you this morning, Lord. Just have your way, Lord. bring the request to you now Lord the family Lord that the lady that passed away Lord just be with them as only you can during this time Lord all the uplifted hands in the church Lord just pray you'd be be with each and every need on that heart Lord that you can meet Lord just bless the ones be traveling home from the meetings keep your hand upon them as they travel today Lord back from Oklahoma just continue to be with brother Ben Lord touch his body Lord just thank you for this day Lord just ask you just to come down bless our offering Lord Lord, have your way in the service. Lord, may we worship you, Lord, with all our heart. In Jesus name we pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can be seated as the ushers come by. Then after we sing this, Sister Lorie, Sister Carla, and Sister Allison will make themselves ready to sing. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains [Music] were made there just for me. Oh, for all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I just claim those preious blood stains. [Music] I have a source of strength when I am weak. that takes me through. When life is pressing me, [Music] I have a source of power from above. love. I'm covered over by a shield of love with all our hearts. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains, they were made there just for me. Oh, for all my sins, [Music] my sickness, and my pain. [Music] When I need healing, I just claim those preious blood saints. [Music] Amen. Are you thankful for the blood this morning? Amen. We just wanted to let everybody know um we do have a life back um for anybody that gets choked on something. It'll be in the back video room back there. And then we got several nurses here. So, let's let them use it first and then we can jump in. Amen. But just remember that in the back if you have an accident or anything like that, there's a life back there um on kind of the little rack there that you can see. So, [Music] Crossing the calm sea with Jesus. The disciples were getting concerned. The wind started violently blowing that he was asleep at the stern. Does he not care that we perish? We're helpless and we're so afraid. Jesus arose when they called him and he asked them, "Where is your faith?" Because you prayed all night and you've held on with all of your mind. Child of your Christ [Music] have awoken the master. [Music] Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. Shout your eyes have awoken. the master. [Music] &gt;&gt; It hit you without any warning. The storm of your life had begun. Seeing no hope in the distance. You're frightened with nowhere to run. By now your vessel is filling and you're thinking that you'll surely drown. You cried out for help from the Savior. And you know you can't give up now because you pray all night &gt;&gt; and you held on with your mind. Child, your eyes have awoken. The master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cry have awoken. the master because you prayed all night and you've held on with all of your might. Child, your eyes have awoken. the master. Oh, he knows. Use your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child. Your Christ [Music] have awoken. the master. &gt;&gt; Oh child, your Christ have awoken the master. [Applause] Amen. Did you enjoy that special this morning? Amen. Let's sing that song. He knows my name. Amen. K of I have a father. Amen. I have a maker [Music] before my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hands. [Music] He knows my name. He knows my every thought. [Music] He sees each tear that falls. Hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his own. He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me win the course again. Oh, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Amen. He thankful we have a father that listens to us. Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. Just before we ask brother Joel to come this morning, I pledge allegiance to the lamb. Amen. I have heard how Christians long ago they were brought before a tyrant's throne. They were told that he would spare their lives if they would renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die. The son of God they would not deny. Like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voicees ring. I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge allegiance to the lamb. And now the years have come and the years have gone, but the cause of Jesus still goes on. And now our time has come to count the cost, to reject this world, to embrace the cross. So one by one let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life till the trumpet sounds on that final day. Let us proudly stand and boldly say, I pledge allegiance to the Lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. And let's stand together as we sing that chorus. Once again, can we just lift our hands to him in worship? Oh, I pledge alce to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. Amen. As we invite brother Joel to come, let's sing that song. I just want to please the Lord. As we invite Brother Joel to come this morning, just pull on the gift of God. We know that he's more than able to meet our needs this morning if we just surrender to him. Oh, I just want to please the Lord, be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done." someday. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, be found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done." If that's your desire this morning, let me hear you sing it. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. to hear him say, "Well done." Amen. That sounds good. Let's sing it to him again. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence. It's like this to hear him say, "Well done." If that's your desire, sing it one more time. Singing, "I just want to please you, Lord. Be in his will in every way. [Music] to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness, to hear him say, "Well done." Someday. Is that your desire this morning to hear him say, "Well done." It will be worth it all when we see Jesus. Every every trial, every battle, everything we go through, it will be worth it all. Let us bow our heads for just a moment. But if you have a special need on your heart, would you just make it known by an uplifted hand? Heavenly Father, as we approach your throne of grace once again this morning, Lord, we don't come here boastful of anything we've done to merit the grace of God, but Lord, we're thankful for what you've done for us. Lord, we're thankful for another chance to stand in your presence and to Lord to to lay down everything that would try to hinder us from a blessing this morning. Everything that would try to stop us from a move of God in our service. Lord, I pray that you would just move everything aside and may we just come boldly before your throne now, Lord, with Lord with love and grace and thanksgiving in our hearts. And I pray, Lord, for every person in the building this morning, everyone that's here, everyone that's not here, Lord, that couldn't be here. I pray, Lord, that you would go to where they are right now and just raise them up, Lord, and and Lord, give them what they have need of this morning. I pray, Lord, that you would just move me out of the way and speak words of life to this the congregation in front of me this morning. Lord, I ask you would just move in a special way, Lord. Lord, if there's anyone here that needs the Holy Ghost, Lord, anyone that needs a refilling, anyone here that needs healing this morning, we know that you're still God and you change not. And we're thankful, Lord, for what we know you're going to do this morning and we believe it. And we just want to thank you for all these things in Jesus name. Amen. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." How many's happy to be in church on a Sunday morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. We just want to uh just thank the Lord for for allowing us to be together again. Uh, I want to uh welcome our visitors here. Uh, brother uh Brandon and Sister Charity, is that right? From West Plains. Good to have you all here this morning. Give our visitors a nice hand of welcome. You all appreciate you. I hope you feel right at home. I mean, if you have your Bibles, let's turn to Psalms chapter 85 and verse 4. Psalms 85 and verse4. How many loves the Lord this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. We just want to invite him to come and and uh if he can come, he can do the impossible. Amen. And if we're trying to do it on our own, we would sure enough fail. Brother Danny, but if he can show up, we can we can have church. How many's ready to have church this morning? Amen. Brother Ben is there in Oklahoma. Uh just continue to remember him in prayer. He's over he's uh recovering. He looked like yesterday he was finally feeling a little better uh after the uh teeth extraction there. But uh but I think he was he was feeling a little better yesterday. So that was good. The services were good. If you had a chance to watch them, they were they were having a real good time there in Oklahoma at the meetings. And uh so we just want to just remember them in prayer. They're having another service that started just about right now this morning. So just continue to remember them. Psalms chapter 85 and verse4. And if I could title this this morning, it would be revive us again that the people may rejoice. And Psalms 85 and verse 4 reads like this. Turn us, oh God, of our salvation, and cause thine anger toward us to cease. Wilt thou be angry with us forever? Wilt thou draw out thine anger to all generations? Wilt thou not revive us again that thy people may rejoice in thee? Show us thy mercy, O Lord, and grant us thy salvation. I will hear what God the Lord will speak, for he will speak peace unto his people and to his saints, but let them not turn again to folly. And may the Lord add his blessings to the world. You may be seated this morning. I'll start this timer before I quit. Brother Stewart, Brother Stewart will be speaking for us this evening in the evening service. So So just remember him in prayer as well. Amen. So if we could just get into this this morning. I I I had this thought come on my heart and you pray for me. I'm a little tired. We drove back from Oklahoma last night and and uh you know services in a meeting are never short and so you get wore out a little bit. But I I was thinking this morning I I thought about revival and I thought about uh you know everybody's everybody wants revival. Everybody wants a revival and I would say everyone needs a revival. Amen. But what we have is a word revival. And what we have in this hour, I believe we are in revival. I'll just go ahead and say it now before we even get to it. I believe we're in revival. Amen. But we need to know what our revival is. And we also need to know that we've got a part in revival. Amen. It's not good enough to want a revival, but we've got to know what revival is when it shows up. Can you say amen? And it's also not good enough to say, "Well, Amen. Revive us, Lord. Revive us. Revive us. And then, and then when he does give us the blessings, we've got to thank God for when he sends the blessings to us. Can you say amen? Amen. So, so David here, he says, "Wilt thou not revive us again that thy people may rejoice in thee?" And so, when you get revived, I think it's time to rejoice. &gt;&gt; Can the church say, "Amen." Amen. So, it's not good enough just to get revival, but when he shows up, Amen. Let's go ahead and just acknowledge he's here. Amen. And rejoice in the Lord. Rejoice in the Lord always. And again I say rejoice. And so brother Brandon would go on here and and and he said uh uh he goes on down here if I can get to this first one. He says now remember correctly each generation has its own revival. Amen. It gets a chance at the word. So we know that the word is not an the revival that we are in is not an emotional revival. Amen. Because uh emotions can be uh can be caused by a lot of things. It could be caused amen by the hogs losing yesterday or it could be caused uh by a whole lot whole lot of things. and and and you know emotions are are part of humanity. Emotions are not always bad, but sometimes they are bad. Amen. Sometimes emotions can lead you astray. And sometimes uh and yet I would say that if you don't have an emotion with your religion, Amen. A prophet would tell us to bury that. Amen. So emotion is not bad, but it depends on what the emotion is making you do. Amen. So we're not driven by emotion. We're not pulled by emotion. Amen. Emotion is not what vindicates that we're having revival. Can you say amen? Amen. But emotion may accompany the revival. Amen. There may be gifts of the spirit and and speaking in tongues. And there may be there may be all kinds of evidences of revival. Amen. But that does not necessarily mean that you're in a real revival. Amen. Because a false revival, a false light can produce those things. Can you say amen? So many times we'll see, Amen. There's a lot of churches say, "I'm in revival. I'm in revival." And we're growing. We're growing bigger every year, bigger numbers. And and we thank the Lord for growing in numbers. Amen. But that is not revival. Can you say amen? Amen. You can you can have the biggest church in town. Amen. And be dead as 12:00. You can be you can have the biggest church in the country and say, "Well, I I I know God is here and I mean I know I know we've got we got more people. Look, you know, the Bible says where the carcass is, the eagles will be gathered." But I want you to notice that. Amen. Not everybody's eagles. And so, not everybody's gathered around the carcass. Some people are drawn by different things. Amen. But to the bride, you are attracted by the word. Can you say amen? Amen. And so the revival is the word that has been opened to you. Amen. And then the people can rejoice. Can you say amen? Amen. The people will rejoice over the word. Amen. It's not good enough to rejoice, amen, over just having a good song. It's not good enough to rejoice even over healings because amen. Many will come in my in that day and say, "Have not I done this and have not I done that?" Amen. There's healings in all kinds of denominations and we thank God for healings. Amen. But you'll get sick again. Amen. But this word revival that has been put into the bride is a not it's not a revival of of of death, but it is a revival that is an eternal revival. Can you say amen? I mean, there's been revival of uh re revival cycles rather. Amen. Of revival and death and revival and death and after the death would come another revival. But in this day, there will be no death to this revival. &gt;&gt; Amen. because it wasn't built on man's emotion. It wasn't built on man's ideas. Amen. But it was actually built, Amen. It was actually built on the word, the vindicated word. Are you still with me this morning? And we're just going to get right on down in here. I want you to go to Genesis chapter 2 and verses 15. Genesis 2 and 15. And it says, "And the Lord God took the man and put him into the Garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. And the Lord God commanded the man, saying, of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat." He said, "But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. For in the days that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die." I want you to notice they were trading the word. They were trading the very thing that God had placed them in. Amen. Perfection itself. They were trading it for knowledge. Amen. They wanted knowledge. They wanted to be smarter. They wanted to be wiser. Amen. But but but I want you to notice that that in that there was not enough. That that was actually death. And we'll see all down through the ages, you'll see a you'll see a group of people and they'll get on fire for God, but then they they want more knowledge and they want to be the better class of people and the next thing you know, they leave the word and go following after other things and it causes death. You say, "Why? Why am I not in revival?" Maybe because you haven't followed after the word that has been presented to you. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Amen. So, we don't want to trade We don't want to trade our revival, the word revival. Amen. for for the knowledge and the and the things that the world would try to take us into. Now there is a cycle through every generation. You can go back into the Old Testament and the New Testament. You can find where there has always been a re a cycle not a recycle but a cycle of of revival and death. There's always been that. I mean, you can look into the you can look in the Old Testament and you can see when God would raise up a prophet and then the people wanted a king and the next thing you know they would go uphouring after other gods and the revival fires would die out and God would leave them and they would go into captivity. Amen. But as long as they were walking under the under the influence of the pillar of fire and in the walk walking in the light of the word according to the message that had been given them and allotted to that age, amen, there would be no death. They could defeat every devil. I want you to know there's power in the word of God. Amen. There's power in this message. So you don't I hope you're with me here this morning. Amen. There's so much power in it that you think, well, if I went like this or if I did this or or my idea, you know, if my idea is so great that maybe this would work. Listen, church. Amen. We're not uphouring after other gods. We don't want another god. Amen. We don't want another fashion or another form. But what we have is the revealed word of God in our hour. And if we'll follow after that, amen, there's a power behind it. There's a strength in this pride. There's an authority on the inside of you. Can you say amen? Amen. Brother Brandon would go on like this and he would say, "A revival is not bringing in new members, but but is to revive what you have." Amen. So you could have a full church and not be in revival. Or it could just be you and Jesus and there could be revival. Can you say amen? Amen. So numbers does not numbers does not equal revival. Amen. The biggest meeting does not equal revival. Are you still with me? Amen. That that's not what it is at all. And he would go on to say it like this. He said, "Did you ever see the sea have a revival?" Sure, when it goes to leaping and jumping and the waves are beating, there's not one drop of water more in it than it was when it was perfectly quiet. But it's got a revival. And I want you to notice when you've got a revival, when the word is there and it has been quickened to your heart. Amen. There's going to be some noise. And there's going to be some rejoicing. Can you say, "Amen." Amen. He He's revived you. And so there will be some rejoicing. There will be some emotion behind it. Amen. said, "Don't just follow the emotion, follow the word." &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? He said, "It throw," He said, "Revival throws all the trash up on the shore." He said, "That's what it does, and that's what the church needs tonight." I say, "Lord, I need that tonight in me." He said, "It's a revival to throw all the nonsense out of it and throw it out on the shore so they can get back to the gospel solid foundation." And the church said, "Amen." Amen. And I want you to notice now as we see the things that have happened through our past week in the country. Amen. The the the the world is is saying we need a revival. The the America would say, you know, there's many people would say we need a revival in America. And I would agree with that. But the problem is America as a whole has rejected revival. &gt;&gt; They've rejected it. And so that's why and it would go totally insane. And that's why you see men taking other men's lives. And that's why you see the nonsense that we have in the news today of taking out a man that would try to stand for gospel teaching. Listen, he was standing for all that he knew. You say, "Well, I I'll just go ahead and tell you right now, I I I'd take that man over o over anybody else because at least he stood for what he believed in." What about us? What about you? You've got the revealed word of God. Amen. And you you say, "Well, I don't want to be under persecution." You're going to be under persecution. The church has always been under persecution. You go with the mainstream and you won't be under any persecution. But you also Amen. You also ain't going to make a rapture. &gt;&gt; You you say, "Well, if you trade, you say you say, "I want to save my life, and I don't want to I don't want to make a stand for the gospel." Amen. If you try to save your life, you'll sure lose it. Amen. But if you'll give your life for the gospel, if you're not ashamed of me, then neither will my father be ashamed of you. I I tell you church, when I see a man give his life for something, amen, that that that's not even the revealed word of God, I say, "What about me?" I say, "What about the bride of Jesus Christ?" When a man could give his life and don't even know, amen, the mysteries that have been open and the and the gifts that have been given to the church, but what about the bride of Jesus Christ? I say, "Lord, let me be courageous. Let me be strong in this hour. Let me give everything for the gospel of Jesus Christ." Amen. Because I am not ashamed of this gospel. I'm not ashamed of it. Amen. If you're ashamed of it, brother, you need to find your place at the altar. If you're ashamed of the gospel of Christ, amen, you need to get back to back in touch with God again. Amen. Because listen, we are not ashamed. Because if you're ashamed this morning, it shows what's on the inside of you. Amen. But I am unashamed that God has saved me. I'm unashamed that God has given me the Holy Ghost. I'm unashamed that God has given us a vindicated message in this hour. I am not ashamed. and I'll stand for it if it cost me my life. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I don't want to give my life. I don't want Well, listen, church. I mean, this is just a this is just a temporary body anyway." Amen. But but but you've got something better waiting for you. Amen. If they take you out with a bullet or if they take you out Come on, church. Amen. This is just a temporary dwelling place. This is just a place of of insecurities and failures and and learning to walk by faith. Amen. But where we're going, that's what we're all striving for anyway. You say, "Brother Joel, listen. and I don't want to give up. I don't want to give up my life. I've got a family. Listen, you know, God has given you the family and God has taken things away from you. God's given you everything you've got. But I want you to know, he's the same one that's already prepared another body for you. He's the same one that is going to raise you up again in the last day. Though the skin worms destroy this flesh, yet I shall see God. &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe there's a group of people here tonight, this morning, amen, that can see God in his word. because his word is not just a dead letter, but it is a word that is a living word. What can you say, man? And so, if I I just want to say this and and we'll get off of that subject, but if a man will give his life for the gospel of Jesus Christ and maybe not understand even what the gospel of Jesus Christ is, what about you? &gt;&gt; What about me? It stirred my heart. I say the church needs a revival. I know it's over for the world, but we need a revival here in Hardy, Arkansas. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. And what is it going to take to get a revival? Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; It's not going to take just showing up at church and mailing in every service. &gt;&gt; It's not going to take It's going to take sacrifice. &gt;&gt; It's going to take sacrifice. It's going to take sacrifice of praise. I don't feel like praising. It's going to take sacrifice of praise. Amen. When the Holy Ghost comes upon you, Amen. He's reviving you. That is the Holy Ghost doing something for you. Then it's time to rejoice. &gt;&gt; It's time to rejoice. Amen. Revive us again. that we may rejoice. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me this morning? &gt;&gt; He said, "Thus sayaith the Lord, it'll be over for the world. She'll never come back again. She's gone. She's been gone." I want you to notice Brother Brandham actually stood. He stood there and he said he indicted the United States of America because they rejected God. You say, "Well, they just they rejected Brother Brandham." No, they rejected revival in in in every form &gt;&gt; because I want you to notice they weren't just rejecting William Brandham at that time. There was all kinds of revivals. There was revival worldwide revival. There was there was men of God that brother Brandham, they were friends of his, but and many of them got started in the ministry because of him. Amen. But there was TL Osborne and AA Allen and Oral Roberts and all these men that were preaching the gospel everywhere. And I want you to notice something. Amen. That that that the world didn't just reject Brother Brandon, but they started rejecting those men as well. Amen. Because it was the effect of revival in the land. I want you to notice it wasn't the revival, but it was the the effect of revival. They could feel the embers burning in the land. They could feel revival fires because the word was going forth in that season. And so it was anointing the earth. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? That's what brother Brandon would teach. And and I want you to notice that that that's biblical. there would be a there was always be a warning before there comes judgment. There would be a a great sweeping across the land before there would ever come judgment. Are you still with me? And so God sent his messengers and he talked about Billy Graham and Oral Robert actually preaching to the to to the to the to Sodom and going in and preaching the gospel. And he said preaching and he said there was none better doing it in the land. And he said Billy Graham was preaching, you know, salvation to the people. And Oral Roberts was the Pentecostal man that was going and and showing that the healing power was there. Amen. But there was another man that I want you to get to this morning that actually was producing the revival. And that was a man that wasn't promoting himself. He was not promoting his own ministry, but he was promoting a word that was being open to the people. And when the people could see the open book, Amen. then they could find their name in the book. Well, come on, somebody. And when they saw their name in the book, amen, then they could rejoice in revival. Amen. It may look like Pentecost to some people. It may look like fanaticism to other people, but it is the revival produced by the opening of the word. &gt;&gt; You say the opening of the word is just a phrase. No, it is actually your revival. &gt;&gt; The opening of the word is our revival. Are you still with me? And so he said, "Brother and sister, that's why you hear me cutting it as hard as I can. The American revival is over. It ended some time back. He said, "There's no more revival in America. We're only gleaning in the fields that's already been reaped and burned over." So the fires and and and the the the the um the revival went forth and it burned over the entire nation, but now we're just gleaning in the fields. And that's why you don't see hundreds of people at a time coming to the Lord. Amen. Because it's just a it's just got to a smaller group of people. So many people are satisfied, amen, with with what they have. So many people are satisfied, amen, with with with the way the world is. And and I don't say that there's not millions coming into the churches because the church may get bigger than it's ever been. Amen. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; The church may get bigger than it's ever been, but that's not the bride's revival. &gt;&gt; That's not the group of people that's getting ready for a body change. Amen. They're actually feeling the anointing of the hour and getting ready for the oncoming storm. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? They feel the effects of our revival, &gt;&gt; but they haven't participated in it. Amen. because it's to the bride. I I I I just want to try to get this the best I know how. You forgive me this morning. I I'm stumbling around, but this is on my arm. I mean, the the people that you see out there giving their life for the gospel, they're under an anointing that is actually it's it's a good anointing. It's a true anointing, but it is actually caused by the very message that you have. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's the truth. &gt;&gt; Because there is no revival outside this message, &gt;&gt; but they're feeling the effect of revival. Right? &gt;&gt; They're feeling the the they're feeling the heat of the moment. I mean, you can ask a worldly person that just believes in Jesus Christ and and you know, they say, "Well, I'm a Christian." Well, they can tell you that something's about to take place. They can tell you that the hour is getting getting close. And I've had men tell me recently, "I believe that this world's about gone." And they're sitting there smoking their cigarettes and and cussing like a sailor. But they'll tell you that there's something about to happen. Come on, church. They can feel the pull of the hour. They can feel the effect of revival. Amen. But to you that have accepted the revival in your hour. You can rejoice because you know your names are written on the lamb's book of life. Amen. You know that God has chosen you for such a time as this. He didn't call you just to feel the effects of revival. But he called you to be the revival. &gt;&gt; He called the He called you, Amen, to live the word in your hour. Come on, church. Amen. I don't want to just have the effects of revival. I don't want to just have a good time. Amen. But I want to have the word come in and change the very fiber of my being because that's what revival really will do to the person. Come on, church. Amen. I don't want our young people to just have an emotion, but I want something to change our young people. Amen. I don't want Come on, church. Amen. I don't want just a shouting, church. Amen. But I want to see Amen. I want to see the shout produce something else. Amen. I want something I want a life to be produced. And I say, Lord, help me. I don't want to just have a good time. I don't want to just feel the presence of God, but I want to be in the presence of God. Amen. I want the presence of God to be in me. And I want his life to live through me. Come on, church. We are not just here to feel good. It's not about how you feel, but what it is. It's about what's on the inside of you. And when you see the sons of God shouting for joy, it's because God thought of them and they saw that their name was written in the book. Come on, church. When you see that the message is no longer closed up to you, Amen. But the seals have been loosed from the book. Amen. It has been revealed to you. Amen. and you look on there and you say, "Hey, there's my name. There's my name. He chose me and he called me for such a time as this." Come on, church. That is the embers glowing in the hearts of the believer. And the world feels the effect of it. Amen. But we are not of the world. Amen. We're just in the world. And we're not just feeling effects of it. Amen. But when you get around somebody and they start to feel that they're they almost feel like they're in revival because the that the very glow of God that is on the inside of you, amen, is glowing out. Amen. it is is affecting the people around you. Come on, church. If that's not happening, I say we need to get back in revival. If the world is not seeing revival in us, I say, Lord, help me. I want to be that revival. I want the word to change me. I want the word to take away my temper. I want the word to take away everything that's on the inside of me that's wrong. I want to be cleansed by the coal of fire this morning so that I can rejoice in the word that has been presented to me. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Are you in revival this morning? Amen. The revival, the revival is not an emotion. I I just want to drill that into you. Amen. We love emotion. I believe in shouting and running and I believe in all the things that God has restored to the church. Amen. All those things. Listen, we're we're we're not a dead church. We don't want to put those things down. Amen. The never been put out of the church. Amen. They were not put in the church just to be taken out. Amen. But those things were placed in the body. Amen. I believe they're still here. They're still working. And I believe there's still things going on in the church. But I want you to know, amen, we're not following after signs. Amen. But there is signs following the believers. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's a difference in feeling the effects and having revival in your soul. &gt;&gt; He said, "That's the reason today. That's the reason the revivals that we're supposed to have, we have denominational revivals. We haven't had a real stirring." No, sir. I don't think we've got revivals. He said, "No, we haven't." He said, "Oh, they got millions and millions and millions of church members, but not a revival nowhere." &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? the bride. I want you to notice the progression of the message early on. And I may have preached on this this awakening at one point here, but I want you to notice that the bride's revival that we have is not something that that that that some people get because they they take quotes out of context and they take them out of they they forget that the prophet himself had a progressive re revelation. And so he actually would say in the third seal that the bride hasn't had a revival yet. He said there's been no revival, no manifestation of God to stir the bride yet. See, we're looking for it now. It'll take those seven unknown thunders back there to wake her up again. He said, "Yeah, he'll send it. He promised. Now watch." And now, for those of you that may not understand what where I'm going here this morning, he said the messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelation 10:7 is going to do two things. One, according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. &gt;&gt; How many believes in a restoration message? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; He will turn it back to the fathers. He is not going to leave you in your in your He's not going to leave you in the traditions of man. He's not going to leave you, Amen. under the Catholic system. Amen. But he will actually turn your hearts back to the original faith. Can you say amen? So everything that was lost, everything that was ate off of the tree, everything that was taken away from this bride tree would be restored before the coming of the Lord. And the bride said, "Amen." He said he would turn, that's Malachi 4. If you want to read it, go read it. And he said, "We'll turn the hearts of the children to the fathers." And then he said, "He will reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders in Revelations 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals." Now, that's not deep. I know some people make try to make that deep. That's not deep at all. It says, "In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mysteries of God should be finished as he hath declared to his servants the prophets." And we believe that. We believe that that has come and that has happened. every you know the the problem with some denominations is is they will actually take what the what the Bible says and they'll either place it back on the apostles or they'll place it into the future that we cannot attain to but we believe that it happened because we can see scripture being fulfilled in our day. That ought to make the bride rejoice. &gt;&gt; That ought to make us happy that we can see these things. These are the things that were sealed up in the book and they've been loosed to the bride. And so he goes on down like this. He said now he said he said everywhere now there's no revival everybody is complaining ministers crying he said he was reading one of the outstanding papers the Herald was coming I believe it was he said and here comes the church a fine paper and I know the editor and and they're godly people he said very fine brother and sister Moore of the Herald was coming one of the finest papers on the field he said but they hardly will print anything unless it's about fast and pray fast and pray sounded trumpet how many reads it he said he said you'll hear that all the time we're going to have a great breaking of the day they were looking for it because they were feeling the effect of revival. Stay with me for a minute if you would. He said, "Now all of you," he said, "now why do they do that? What do they do? They want a great awakening. They're crying, believing that there will be awakening." Now, these were not bad people. These were not people that Brother Brandon was condemning to hell. These were good Christian people working in the same field he was working in. Amen. They were actually laboring under the same anointing that he was under. &gt;&gt; That's right, sir. &gt;&gt; Because they could feel the anointing. They were not chosen as the man, but they were under the the effects of the message. Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; He said they're crying, believing that there will be awakening. They're good people. Why is it? What have they done? They have not recognized the awakening of the bride. Amen. So, the awakening of the bride is the bride's revival happening. Amen. When the true church begins to line up with the word for the age. Now, I want you to notice there has been true revivals before the bride's revival. Amen. There was a bride's revival for Luther when he come out of the Catholic church and he denounced their teaching and he would actually come forth. Amen. And he would stand for the word that God opened to his eyes in that days. Amen. The just shall live by faith. Amen. And it caused a revival. A true genuine revival. It was not a dead revival. It was real. The people in that age were actually called to that revival and were the called out for that time. Called to the message of Luther. And then Wesley would come along and take what Luther learned and add some light to the age under the revelation that God would give him. And when Wesley would speak and say, "Amen, sanctification was his message." Amen. We've got to be sanctified. Amen. It's And he would preach that message where there was sanctification to the church. Amen. So you had the justification and the sanctification and then there would come a Pentecostal revival, an Isusa street revival, and they were under a true anointing. That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It was not a false anointing. It was something to It was a true It was a time where they would actually come up higher into the things of God and they would actually accept the gifts that had been restored. Amen. To the age because soon would come a prophet to restore everything back to the church. Amen. But that's when the church left the message. Come on, church. You say, "How old's this message?" This message has been here since Jesus's time. I mean, it's been here all the way back to Moses. This message is not something William Brandham brought. This message was something that William Brandon was under an anointing to bring to you. Amen. He was the messenger that God called to point you back to a revealed truth. Come on, somebody. Amen. He did not He did not call you and say, "Look, look to my message and what's coming in the future." But he actually called you to say, "Look to the word." Because in the word is eternal life. Don't look to me. He said, "Look to the message." &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; Look to the message. And so when and so Wesley would come along. But the problem with those groups was they would actually denominate around the man. &gt;&gt; I know message people have tried to do the same thing. &gt;&gt; They've tried to denominate around a man and they die too. But when you actually re re when you receive the light for your day, which is not the man, but the light, the word, the revival. What made the revival in Luther's day? It wasn't how good he preached. It wasn't how loud they shouted. They may not have shouted at all. It was the message that came. The revival in Wesley's day, it was the revival that came. Luther's day, Wesley's day, there was a revival act in Acts 238. If you go all the way back to there, the Acts two church rather, and you go and you see that they actually come together in one accord and they were expecting the word to be revealed and that's what caused that revival. The word has always been present at revival time. The word has always been the revival. I mean, it's not a new thing. This is not a new standard. This is not a new tradition. But the bride and the word has always been in revival together. And so I want you to notice that that there's no there's no revival. Amen. In the feeling, but there is a revival in the opening of the word to you. Can you see it this morning? Amen. So the revivals uh that the cycles keep dying. The the cycles of revival and death, they keep they keep dying in those other generations. Amen. But it doesn't die today because the final revival would be when the mysteries are open. Amen. And the the church can actually see who she is. She can see where she came from, where she's going. She knows that the pull of the hour is not just a feeling. Amen. But it is a part of her. You are being called up higher. Can the church say amen? Amen. Brother Brandon would go like this. He said it happened to every group before us. We are in the final age. We have been called to overcome the spirit that would cause us to denominate. And we accept the true word. And the word causes revival in us that cannot cease. &gt;&gt; That's the truth whether you like it or not. &gt;&gt; Amen. The word causes revival. Revelations 2 and4 says, "Nevertheless, I have somewhat against thee because thou hast left thy first love." To understand this, you must realize, and brother Brandon goes on, he picks up on that. To understand this, you must realize that the spirit is not speaking to the original saints of Ephesus alone. Amen. But it was actually uh Ephesus to to the church, not just to the original ones because no doubt they were in revival. Amen. But then there would be another group there that he would speak to. He said, "History repeats itself. In all the generations of Israel, we see revival in one generation only to see the fires fading in the next. In the third generation, embers may be glowing slightly, but in the fourth, there may be no vestage whatsoever of that original flame." He said, "Then God lights the fire again, and the same process is repeated. It's simply the manifestation of the truth that God has no grandchildren. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God has sons and daughters. He does not have grandchildren. &gt;&gt; I don't care if you say, "Well, my dad's a message believer. My dad's a Holy Ghost filled Christian. So, so God must be my grandpa." That's not the way this works because you have to come into a personal relationship with God. You've got to see God for yourself. You've got to have the word opened for yourself. Listen, this this opening of the word will not affect you if you're just going in on your parents coattail, but it's got to be a personal revelation. &gt;&gt; And so it goes like this. Salvation is not passed on by natural birth anymore than there's any truth to apostolic succession. It isn't in the word. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; You start out with a truly born again believers and when the next generation comes along, they're no longer just plain Christians, but they have taken a denominational name and they're now Baptist, Methodist, etc. Now listen, I don't say there's not Christians in those groups under those names. I I I believe that with all my heart. I don't I don't condemn them to hell. But I want you to notice that they have not come to the light of the hour. I don't say that the ones that are still following a Luther message. I I've told you this before. I'll tell you again. I grew up around the church of God holy people and they followed that Westland message just I mean they were diehard Wesleians. They were they were real and they were real Christians, you know. They were they were so sanctified they couldn't even show their elbows. Hallelujah. And so they were they they they were they were they were just uh you can call it legalism if you want to, but those were dedicated Christians. &gt;&gt; They really were. I've seen prayer warriors in those groups that would put me to shame or about anybody else I've seen to shame. I mean, I I've seen them. I I've seen them. And you say, "Well, they they were dead. They were quiet." No, I've seen them shout and run. I remember sister Sister Mushin was her name and she was a woman that gave her life to the gospel. She was a woman missionary. And she would actually she'd get excited and she would at 90 years old, I believe it was. She was 90 years old. and she would run this auditorium up in Dayton, Ohio. There was it was a huge auditorium. There's about 9,000 people in there. I remember that. And and she would get out and run those aisles all the way around. You say they don't have any any spirit or any feeling. Yes, they do. That they did. And you actually what you'll see now is as we were seeing it then that generation was still on fire with Wesley's message. &gt;&gt; But then when you see the next group, the next thing you know, they cut their hair off. They they started wearing pants and and they had no word to sustain them. Are you still with me? I'm going somewhere and I'm hoping y'all are still there. Amen. But but but they were good people when they walked in the light that they knew. They were saved people. &gt;&gt; They were not they were not lost. I don't believe that sister. I'll never forget her. She was just as she was as godly and as gracious and and one of the most wonderful women I've ever met in my life. And she was a Church of God holiness woman. But I will say this, she was absolutely following the light and the anointing of her time. She was still under it. She was this, if you ever went back and you heard how they preached and how hard they preached and things, what what I'll tell you is this. That woman lived what they preached. She was she lived it. She lived it to the letter. Amen. But what she failed to see that maybe wasn't for her. But what she would fail to see was the life that was to come. She would she would I will say this, if there was a knock on her, Amen. She couldn't stand a Pentecostal that would speak in tonesues. You could shout, but you couldn't speak in tonesues. You could make a lot of noise, but you couldn't speak in tonesues because they didn't accept the next revival. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; There was a revival that came. Amen. So, the Pentecostal revival was the real thing. It was the true anointing that was poured out. But the problem with them is when the word was revealed, they wanted the shout without the message. &gt;&gt; They wanted the shout. They wanted the anointing. They wanted the feeling, but they did not want the word to come open to them. Are you still with me this morning? Amen. I'm not saying they're bad people. I'm not trying to put anybody out. I I believe there's going to be many that are even saved now. Amen. They'll give their lives for the gospel and all those things. And I believe those are saved people. I really do with all my heart. I don't put them people in hell for giving their life for the gospel. I I I remember there was a man recently that that he got arrested in South Africa, a Baptist missionary. I I don't listen, I'm not going to condemn the man. I say if he's doing something for the Lord, let him keep doing something for the Lord. Amen. But when the light has been presented to you, you must walk in the light. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's good. There's been many that the light hasn't been presented to. And they're going to make it. They're going to go to the great white th white white throne judgment. And they'll stand there and I believe it'll be like the story of Daniel Curry. Amen. Maybe I hadn't done everything right. Maybe I haven't been right. Amen. Maybe I made a lot of mistakes and I thought I was a good person, but maybe I did tell a lie. Amen. But God would stand there and say, "Well, on earth you stood for me." &gt;&gt; I say I say, "Lord, give us more people that'll stand for the message. Give us more people that'll stand for Christ. Give us more people that'll stand." Amen. I say, "Amen. when we've done all that we can do. Let's stand for this word. Amen. I I don't want to give up. I don't want to I don't want to let down the bars. Amen. But what I want to say this morning, the folks that are all coming together now by the will of man, I don't say that some of them are not right with God. Not for a minute do I say that. But the original fire has died down. They are not the same anymore. The fervent desire to please God, the passion to know his word, the cry for reaching out in the spirit, all begins to fade. And instead of that church being on fire with the fire of God, it has cooled off and become a bit formal. We've seen that. But church, I want you to know something. Don't associate yourself in that quote as a message believer. &gt;&gt; You say, "What about us if we're quiet?" I want you to notice the difference in us being quiet. Anybody else being quiet? &gt;&gt; The word's still here. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Their fires died out. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm not I'm not You know, you know me. I don't like quiet, &gt;&gt; but but I don't want but I want you to know you're not dead if the living word is inside of you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So when we're when we're when I'm up here asking for amens and all those things, I'm not telling you you're dead. &gt;&gt; Because if you've accepted this end time message, you are the only revival this earth has. &gt;&gt; And that's the truth. Whether you're quiet or loud or whatever, &gt;&gt; those are the effects of revival. &gt;&gt; The real revival is the word. Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; I told Brother Stewart how long I'd preach this morning and I don't want to tell you because I don't want to lie to more than one person. They were getting formal. He said God was dying out and the people weren't too careful about what God thought of them as they begin to be careful about what the world thought of them. Anybody ever been there? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. You ever thought? You ever thought when you went out in the public, you you stand in the mirror, I wonder what people are going to think of me. I kind of, you know, but you ever wonder what what's God going to think of me? &gt;&gt; And that is the most important thing. Brother would go on like this. He said they were careful about what the world thought of them. That second generation coming on was just like Israel. They demanded a king to be like the other nations. When they did that, they rejected God, but they did it anyway. That is the history of the church. When it thinks more of conforming to the world instead of conforming to God, it isn't long until you see them stop doing things they used to do and start doing things they wouldn't do initially. The change they change their manner of dress, their attitudes, and their behavior. They get laxed. That is what ephesis means. Drifting and relaxed. The cycle of revival and death has never failed. And all you have to do is recall the last move of God in the spirit. When men and women dressed like Christians went to church, prayed all night, took to the street corners, and weren't ashamed of the manifestations of the spirit, they left their old dead churches and worshiped in homes or store buildings. They had reality. &gt;&gt; We need reality this morning. &gt;&gt; He said, he said, they put in a church choir instead of singing unto God for themselves. They put gowns on the choir. I've read this one before. They organized a movement and ran it by man. They soon began to read books and weren't fit to read. They let down the bars and the goats came in and took over. The cry of joy was gone. &gt;&gt; When the word leaves the church, the cry of joy leaves the church. &gt;&gt; Because listen, we don't have nothing to shout over when the word's not there. But when the word is there, when the word is being preached, then the people can rejoice because the word is the revival. &gt;&gt; That's why you see I'm going to drift off here a minute because this is what I do best, I guess, or worse. You see message people and they're under the anointing of the message. They believe the message and they quit following what the word tells them to do &gt;&gt; and then the next thing you know you see a real dead church. &gt;&gt; And I'm not pointing fingers at them. I'm not saying that the individuals in that churches are not some good people. But what I'm saying as a whole when they pick up a form and say we're going to we're going to take the preachers out of the pulpit. We're come on somebody. &gt;&gt; We're just going to close the doors of the church. Why do you need persecution to close your doors if you've done it yourself? It's the truth anyway. &gt;&gt; And a prophet never taught us to do that. &gt;&gt; A prophet told us that we should feel we should feel in this hour that there was there there's joy. There should be there should be joy in this hour because he said when they went that way and they actually left there that they they left the the message and they started doing things, you know, that they thought was right and they organized a movement, the cry of joy was gone. So when the cry of joy is gone, I need you to check up and say, "Lord, am I still following your word?" &gt;&gt; That's not the church. That's an individual. &gt;&gt; I want to go here this morning for just a moment before we before we wind this down. The bride's revival is not a is not is not a body is not a it's not a full church coming into a shouting spell or having a good service. That is not revival for you. Amen. So when I when we say we have revival services, the revival services that we have, Amen, that they feel good. They're wonderful. But there's no more of God here during the middle of a revival than there is here this morning. There's no more there's no more revival for you. Amen. There's no re more revival for you sitting in a church pew than there is driving down the down the road. Amen. Tears streaming down your face. The word of God being played. Come on, somebody. Amen. The word is not something that we just hype up. It's not something that just is is talked about, but it is a living thing on the inside of the bride. I &gt;&gt; mean, the word is not just a feeling. Can I drive that to you this morning? But the word is a reality. The word is a living thing. It is something that is not dead. How could I be dead if the word's on the inside of me? Amen. You say, "Well, I I'm quiet. Am I dead?" No, you're not dead. Not if the word's on the inside of you. Amen. You've recognized your day. You've recognized the message. The word has come. I say rejoice because the word has been open to you and your name is written on the lamb's book of life. Amen. That ought to give the church reason to say, "Amen. Lift up your hands and praise the Lord." Amen. Because I don't I don't have to go down with the destruction of the world. Amen. I don't have to look and say, "I'm looking for another revival." No, I can say, "I am the revival. I am the bride's revival." The word is on the inside of you. Listen, church, this flesh ain't revival. That flesh is just feeling the effects of revival. Amen. But revival is something that God is doing inside of you. &gt;&gt; Inside of the bride, inside of the believer. I mean, if you believe this message, you are in revival. &gt;&gt; Do we need a stirring every once in a while? Yes, we need a stirring to get some of the trash out of us. But there's no more revival in you after the effects of revival than there was before the effects of revival because the word has been born in you. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's why the ocean is not in more revival or have more water when the when the winds are blowing. No, that doesn't cause that doesn't cause you to be greater. It's still the ocean. Brother Brandon would say there's not one drop of there's not one spoonful more of water in that ocean. After the storms are moving the waves, you see the waves are way up and the tidal waves and all these things. You say, "Oh, there must be more water." And no, it is a it is something that is cleansing the ocean. It is something rocking the ocean and the winds are blowing and the winds of revival. I want to see them blowing here in this church. But I want you to know, amen, when you're having to pull through a service. And Lord, I I'm here, but I'm not feeling it right now. He didn't ask if you feel it, but do you believe you're in revival? &gt;&gt; Do you believe you're in it? If you believe the word, then you're in revival. I mean, the word has become one with you. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me this morning? He said, "When the spiritual bride, when she begins to have a revival, when she begins to come back and line herself up with the word of God, then watch." He said, "How that the scriptures at that time, there'll be a message sweep out to catch that bride, catch that woman elect. For as the world, Satan, the deceiver, who deceived the first bride to sin against God by misbelieving his word." And now today, we see the church natural in the intellectual gospel going further and further away from the word. Remember what we read in Genesis. It's the same spirit, same anointing on the church. Amen. They were they were they were they they they feel the anointing of the hour. Amen. They see all the things that God has given them. Amen. And they take it and they they make an organization out of it and they build bigger churches and that's okay. Amen. But if they but but if you leave the word, the big church ain't going to save you. Amen. That the nicer pews are not going to save you. Amen. You've got to come back to the word. He said now he said now today we see that church he said doing the same thing and we find that the woman of the world on the streets members he said is carrying themselves in the same atmosphere. I want you to notice there's not much difference in a nominal church and a worldly woman. I went to an Assembly of God church one time and you know that good people, nice people, friendly people, they you know they dress just like they were out in public. You know they you almost have to turn your head in the church. It's a bad place to be, &gt;&gt; but it's not them that's bad. They have lost revival because they didn't walk into the light of their hour. &gt;&gt; And so he said he they've lost all s excuse me sense of common decency the people have. See, and that's the way the church has. And you can see it going straight to the ecumenical council just as certain as anything in the world and right into Rome as hard as it can go. See, he said because it's prophesied. Hey man, how many believes that that we've seen prophecy fulfilled in the last year or two? You say, "Well, I I don't believe that that pope is the pope." Well, I'll tell you one thing. The prophecy about an American pope is here, &gt;&gt; whether it's that pope or another pope. That part happened whether you like, you know, you can say what you want about it. I know a lot nobody wants to believe prophecy when it's fulfilled because it seems strange. &gt;&gt; He said, "What about the rest of that quote?" Well, it'll be fulfilled just like that part was. &gt;&gt; And so he goes on, I'm officially a liar, Brother Stewart. He said, "But then watch again to the spiritual church. This is you." How many spiritual believers we got in here? &gt;&gt; He said, he said, "Watch again, the spiritual church." He said, "How that group of people called out the elected through every revival in Martin Luther, it happened the same way. Reformation happened. John Wesley, it happened just like we talked about a little bit ago. Pentecost, it started. They dropped them women right back in line with the word and then they drifted away and there she goes right back over into chaos. But then the time that the people are ready to line up, there is a message comes forth and they line with it. Does that cause revival? &gt;&gt; When you line with this word, that's revival. &gt;&gt; I want to shout. I do want I want to shout, too, but I want to shout over the revival that's happening. &gt;&gt; The revival is not the shout. &gt;&gt; The speaking in tonesues was not the revival. &gt;&gt; That that Come on, somebody. It was the word being restored. And they were shouting and speaking in tonesues over the word being restored, but they got their eyes on the gift instead of the giver. &gt;&gt; They got their they got their eyes on the man instead of the message. It's the same spirit all the way through. You can go all the way through. Amen. They they would they would follow a king instead of God. They had a prophet there. Amen. They would follow some some, you know, they would start building temples and all these things and they would do it was it was a permissive will of God. Amen. But God did not call them for that. God called them to defeat giants. God called them to overcome. God called them to be warriors. Amen. But instead of that, they wanted to organize. Let the king fight for us. Amen. He can do all the hard work. We just want to be in his kingdom. And the next thing you know, they lose all the fires and the anointing of the previous generation. I want you to know this morning that the revival fires of the message have not died out. I mean, it's still very much, very much here. And if you're looking for revival, you're in the right place because the word will be promoted here. The word will be presented here. Amen. This message is not going to be laid aside and talked about and used and abused. Though this message is going to be lived by somebody, it might as well be us. You say, "Brother Joel, I've seen you fall down. I've fell down a lot of times. You hadn't been around long enough to know how much I fell down." You watch me all the time, you'll see me fall a lot more. I've said a lot of stupid things and done a lot of stupid things. But I want you to know something. On the inside of me is the message of the hour. I'm in revival. &gt;&gt; You say, you start looking at each other and you start saying, "They're not in revival and they're not in revival. This one's in revival." They shouted loud, "They're in revival." That's not what causes them to be in revival. Amen. But this revival's got a staying power because there's no death in it. Can you say, "Amen. This church ought to know something about revival. When the going gets tough, Amen. God has still kept his word before you. God has still had somebody to stand here and present the word to you. It is not, Listen, church. It's not about being the flashiest and the best. It's about the word going forth and discerning the hearts of the people. It's the word. It's always been the word. &gt;&gt; It's always been the word. Every generation, every time, when the people lined up with the word, they were in revival. And and there again, let me just reiterate this. Just because you don't feel revival doesn't mean you're not in revival. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; I do believe we need to feel our religion. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Do I I feel like if you're just coming service after service, you're not feeling nothing, then it's time you get in revival. &gt;&gt; I want the church to get in revival so I can feel something. You got to get in revival. &gt;&gt; The word's got to come into you. And when you get excited about the word, then somebody else might feel the effects of you being in revival. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; You got to be in revival. I know everybody wants somebody else to do the shouting. Everybody else wants somebody else to do the running. Everybody else wants somebody else to do the amening. Everybody else wants somebody else to carry the load. But we have got to become one with the word. And that will anoint us to rejoice. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? The rejoice ain't the revival, but we're rejoicing over a word that's been open to us. How many seen your name in the book? &gt;&gt; How many can see your name and say, "Lord, I I I see it. I I I It's not It may not look like it may not look like it may not look like my checks have been signed, but but I I believe that God has placed something on the inside of me." Amen. To not just see a message a far off, but to a message has lived in me and has opened the seals to me. Can you say amen? because you didn't re you didn't receive a son of Charles and Ela Brandham, but you actually received a vindicated prophet that was revealing the very Jesus Christ to you. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I've received a man. I'm following a man." You can follow a man as they follow Christ. That's the only way you follow a man. &gt;&gt; Because every man can fail you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Me, &gt;&gt; you, anybody. Every one of us will. Let's just go ahead and put it that way. Put a man on a pedestal and you'll watch him fall. &gt;&gt; Get your favorite preacher and watch him do something you don't like one time and you lose confidence in the man. Get your confidence off the man and in the message. &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you still with me? He said, "Now friends, go back with me. Where did the first revival come after death? The days when the grain of wheat had to fall into the ground, the body, the bride of Christ." He said he asked that question where was it in the where was it in the ground. He said Christ or he said Christ never organized. He just set up apostles and prophets and so forth in the church to keep it clean. But at na Rome 306 years later they organized it and made an organization out of it and he said and it died. Are you still with me? Can you give me five minutes? He said, "And it laid still for hundreds of years in the dirt. &gt;&gt; But after a while, there came a message, the Lutheran message, and that began to grow just a little bit, just a little sprig." &gt;&gt; They had been laid there dormant for hundreds of years, and then it started to blossom into maybe there was two little sprigs or a little vine. And it was Wesley. And then there came forth he said Zwingley and so forth other organizations and so forth. After a while the Anglican Anglican church and he said here comes Wesley and all these other things and the tossel looks a little more like the wheat. He said then what happened to that? It organized dried up and died and the life went right into the shuck and the shuck come forth almost perfectly like the wheat. He said it looked the same. He said but finally its folly was made manifest in the last eight or 10 years. And this is in the 1950s, 1960s, 64 I believe it was. He said the last eight or 10 years, especially in the last three years, he said, "Now what does it do? Pull away from the wheat." I want you to notice we didn't pull away from them. We didn't leave the word. They left the word. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; The the the Wesleyans that were walking in the light of Wesley, they didn't pull away from anything. &gt;&gt; They didn't go far enough, but they didn't pull away. But the people around them, the the ones that were just feeling the effects of it, would pull away. And he said now without organization my he said my he said there here's here's a revival that's been going on. He said it's he said it hasn't been an organization start up. He said and it's anointed prophets anointed teachers so forth but why why ain't there no revival anywhere else? He said there's nothing beyond the grain. See it's bl it's back without an organization. Oh my. He said a blind man could see that it cannot organize. It's so firmly against it. It's the grain of wheat itself. The son of man will be made manifest. How many knows that to be true? The grain of wheat will come back to itself again. the son of man in the last days and there will come false impersonations of it in the last days that'll almost deceive the elected if possible. He said it look at the organization and so forth pulling away now. He said now he and he goes on down. I'm going to have to skip some of this to get done. He said now it reminds me he said here it is. He said and Mark he said uh let me get here where I can stop. Hallelujah. He said notice the anointed prophets will be false and there among it will be true anointed. How you going to tell it? By the word. He said how you going to tell it? There's going to be all kinds. There's going to be people impersonating the word. There's going to be people I want you I'm going to go somewhere here for a second and I hope you all are okay with this. There's going to be men trying to take the message and twist it into another light and say, "We're waiting on a prophet to come back." There's going to be another group of men over here saying, "Well, we're just going to play tapes only." And there we we don't need the preachers anymore. What they've done is they've literally taken the very life out of the church and thrown it to the side. &gt;&gt; You say, "Oh, it's the word." Well, the word has got to live through the church. If you take away one thing out of the church, you've taken the word out of the church. Well, I play the tapes. That's the word. That's not the word. The word has got to live through people. Amen. &gt;&gt; What good is a dead letter if it ain't living through you? &gt;&gt; What good is the message if somebody ain't going to live it? &gt;&gt; What good is Mark 16 if nobody's going to do it? &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; What What good is the message, church, if nobody comes into the revival fire of it? What good is it? Amen. But I want you to know somebody will somebody's going to accept this message. Somebody's going to live this message. Somebody's going to feel it. And they're going to live it. And they're going to do it. They're not going to be hearers only, but they're going to be doers also of the word of God. Brother going like this. He said, "Now notice the anointed ones, only the word will separate them, not the signs." Oh, no, they'll do the same signs, but the word is what separated them. Sure, they all prophesied. They all done this, that, and the other. Sure, that's the same. Jesus said they do the same thing, but the word is what separated them and not the signs. And I want you to notice in Mark 16, in closing, hallelujah. He said, Mark 16:15, he said, "Go into them." He said to them, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned." I want you to notice something that if they believe the word, they would be saved. If you want to be saved this morning, you got to believe the word if you want. Come on, somebody. Amen. It don't do you any good to be baptized if you say, "I'll be baptized and see if it works." No, you got to believe it and then be baptized. Repent and be baptized. Repentance comes from believing the word of God. I say this morning, if you believe this word, then don't just lay it aside and say, "Well, it was pretty good for brother Brandon. It was pretty good for my friend." Amen. But it's got to come personal to you this morning. Amen. This word cannot be just something we put on the shelf and something we press play on. But it's got to be something that lives through the very bride of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? As musicians, go ahead and come. I' I'm going to stop somewhere here. And musicians has come where I have to quit. Amen. Brother Brandon would say it like this. And he said, "Some of you people that really believe this to be the truth that we're entering another age. We're entering the rapture age." And he said, "You know, the church can't go in this condition and it can't get any better. It must get worse." How many knows that? And he said, "And it's got to get worse. And it can't go like this." See, it's got to be something. And it's moving right now, friend. It's on. The move is on for the bride. That's the truth. That's thus sayith the Lord. And he goes on, and I love this quote here in recognizing your day in its message. He said, "God created me a revival." I've read this one before, but I think it'll do to listen to it again. God created me a revival. Let me be the revival. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "I want to be the revival. I want the revival to not just be for somebody else, but I need revival for me. I need to be the revival. I want the Come on, church." You can sit there and say, "Well, I wish I was in revival." If you want revival, all you need to do is accept the word for your hour and walk in that light. Amen. And that light will present the revival fires to you. You say, "I want to shout." Then get on fire with the word of God. Don't just shout to shout, but accept the message of the hour and let the word be born in your heart. Are you still with me? Lord, make me to hunger. Make me to thirst. Create in me, Lord, that what is needed. Let me from this hour on be thine more consecrated servant, a better servant, more blessed of you, more able, more humble, more kind, more willing to work, more looking to the things that are positive and forgetting the things that are in the past and the negatives. Let me press towards the mark of the high calling. He said it. Amen. I believe it. Amen. God created me a revival. Amen. There was a little There was a little officer. There was a little officer over in there in the Wales and some people walked and some men drove up to him and said, "Sir, we've heard of the great Welsh revival in the land. Where is the Welsh Revival?" And the officer, he's standing there swinging his baton and he said, "I'm it." He was the Welsh revival. Are you looking for revival? Become the revival. All right. You say, "I want to be the bride's I want to be in the bride's revival." You are the bride's revival. You are the bride's revival. You're the only book they're ever going to see. Come on, church. Let the revival be born in me. And let it live through me so men can see my good works. Not by me, but by the word through me. Let us stand together this morning. If anybody needs prayer this morning, if you say, "Lord, I need revival." I tell you what, I I don't know if there should be a hand in the house that's down. If you say, "I need revival, Lord. I need revival. I need more of you. I don't want just another I don't want a dead letter. I want a living word. Are you with me?" It's not okay to take this message as a pacifier and listen to it just because you think if you listen to it, it's the token. Show me that in the Bible. The word is Christ and when it comes into you, it lives through you. Are you still with me? That's your revival. How many want revival this morning? You say, "I need revival, Brother Joel. I need revival. I need revival." We all need revival. I The church needs revival, too. But we need an individual revival. Amen. I I I love a good stirring and awakening and shaking in the church. But we need a revival in ourselves to take all the trash that's in our life, all the unbelief that's in us, and wash it up on the shore and say, "Lord, create in me a revival." With your hands up and your heads bowed, say, "Lord, create in me revival. I want to be humble. I want to hunger after your word more. I I want to thirst. Lord, create in me the desire to have revival. Create in me what I have need of." With every head bowed, just search your own heart there. If you need to bow at the altar, if you need to just raise your hand in your seat. If you have anything that you have need of this morning, just worship the Lord. Say, "Revive us again that we may rejoice." With all your heads down, heads bowed, and your eyes closed. Heavenly Father, you see the needs of the people this morning. Lord, I pray something was said that would revive their hearts. Stir their hearts this morning. Lord, cause a revival not just in the church, but for every individual in the building, Lord. God, you see every sinner. You see those that are needed, Lord, that maybe they haven't accepted you this morning. Lord, I pray for the Holy Ghost to go by their way. Touch every person, Lord, every backslider, every person, Lord, that needs to be baptized. I pray you would put a desire in their heart to follow after the word this morning. Move upon this church, we pray. Move upon every individual. May you make powerhouses out of the individuals in this building this morning. In the name of Jesus, we pray. Let us sing and worship now with all of our hearts. Amen. The altar's open. God bless you. Amen. Do you love the Lord this morning? Oh, just worship him now if you believe he's here. Green anointing on every face. Go ahead, buddy. Oh, Holy Spirit follow his house and Holy Spirit [Music] follow on his place. Father, fill us with love and grace. Shining your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit, fall on with all your hearts now. Is that your desire? Oh, Holy Spirit fall on this place. Oh, Father, fill us with your love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. The Holy Spirit fall on. Oh, we'll walk in the light. It's such a beautiful light. It comes where the dew drops. The mercies are bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? It's Jesus. Are you walking in the light this morning? Oh, sing with all your hearts now. Oh, we walk in. Oh, yes we will. Such a beautiful light. Oh, it comes where the two drops of mercies they're bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? Oh, is Jesus the light of Make your determination this morning. We're going to walk in the light. Oh, we walk in. Yes, we will. Such a beautiful light. Oh yes, it comes when the dude drops of her seeds. They are bright. Won't you shine all all around us by day and by night? Oh, it's Jesus. You believe he's the light of the world. Oh yes he is. Sing it with all your hearts now. Oh yes we will. Oh yes we'll walk in in the light. It's such a beautiful life and comes where where the dew drops of mercies they are bright. Oh yes. Just shine all around us by day and night. Jesus, the light of the world once again. Oh, we'll walk in the light, the beautiful light from where the new drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Amen. Keith just the chorus. I'm amazed. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm so amazed that you care. It was through your preious blood I found pardoned. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed. Amen. We lift our hands and sing it to him before we go. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. And I'm so amazed that you care. It was through your preious blood I'm now pardoned. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed away. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. We love the Lord this morning. Amen. Just looking forward to the service this evening. Just remember at 3:00. Amen. Let's try that song, Rise Above It All Key of F. I cannot sing this song very good, but I love this song. So, y'all bear with me and sing really loud. We'll sing this just a few times before we go. I'm going to rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. Once again, before we go, I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. You're free to go in the name of the Lord. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise.
