################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - Our Allotment in the Promise Part 7 Gad Bro. Ben Pruitt 4-16-25 - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-17
Title:   Our Allotment in the Promise Part 7 "Gad" Bro. Ben Pruitt 4-16-25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLqcn4CkzSQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] I [Music] feel heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Here I am. Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Today, [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Sh. [Music] King. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] I love you. [Music] trusting and resting. I'm trusting and [Music] resting while on this earth I tr with the word of God down in my soul. [Music] I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. Each day I am walking, trusting in his plan. I'll keep pressing onward until I reach that land. My father knows just what I need. I look to him and I let him lead. I'm trusting and [Music] resting in the promise of God. Well, I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. I'm trusting and resting. While on this earth I tr with the word of God down in my soul. It gives my Jesus complete control. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. I'm looking to Jesus to meet every need. I'm thanking him always. That he hears my please. My faith believes what he cannot see. I'm seeking him daily down on my knees. I'm trusting and [Music] resting in the promise of God. Well, I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. I'm trusting and resting. While on this earth I draw with the word of God down in my soul. It gives my Jesus complete control. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. [Music] When I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me. Oh, then my soul cries out hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, then my soul cries out, hallelujah, praise God. I'll sing it one more time with all your hearts now. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me. Then my soul cries out hallelujah. Praise God for saving. Oh, sing it one more time. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me. Oh, in my soul cries out, hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Let me hear you all sing it now one time. Oh, when I thought of the goodness of [Music] Jesus, you're sounding good. Let's do it one more time. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all he has done for me. And my soul cries out, hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight? Aren't you thankful for his goodness and mercy in our lives? Amen. We want to welcome you to the house of the Lord tonight. Welcome our visitors in. God bless you. Good to have each and every one of you with us. Let's just sing this one here before we have our ushers come. Well, if you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Do not fear for he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He puts a song on a praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] Oh, we were sinners so unworthy still for us. He chose to die. He has filled us with his Holy Spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love is everlasting and his mercy. Oh, they will never never end. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the [Music] time. Oh yes, God is good all the time. He puts us all of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. It's in the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. He's so good. Yes, he is all the time. Amen. Can you give the Lord one more hand? Clap the praise tonight. Amen. Are you happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? Amen. How many came expecting tonight to receive from the Lord? Amen. We just want to enter in and just worship him. Amen. I think of this time of year, you know, we think of uh Easter and what it means to us and uh takes on a special meaning when you think about where you've been and where you come from and what he's done for us. And he's he's really been good to us. No matter how bad we've had it or how bad we're going to have it, he's been good. He paid the price for us once for all. And we're thankful for that. Amen. In this time, we just want to we just want to recognize that that he is enough for every situation and every need in our lives. I don't have a lot of requests tonight, but just a couple here. Uh Sister Halley Savage is having her tonsils removed early in the morning. Um, they said, "Thank you for praying, Brother Harvey and Sister Jackie. And also, uh, please pray for my cousin Jonathan Reagan. Uh, he's in the hospital." And also, my mom, Paige Bulls, needs healing in her body. That's from Sister Brittany Puit. And I don't have any uh other requests. I do have an uh I do have an announcement though. Uh, there will be a bridal shower for Bella and Riley uh Saturday, May the 3rd at noon at Sister Carla's house. And if you want to bring something or need any more information on where that's at, uh, just see Sister Carla and she will get you the information. I know that's coming right up for them. And, uh, they'll be married before you know it. So, uh, just just, uh, May the 3rd at noon at Sister Carla's if you can make it, I'm sure they would appreciate that. Amen. Brother Stewart, would you come and take the needs uh, to the Lord tonight? If you have a need on your heart, would you just make it known by an uplifted hand? and you love him. Tonight, let's just bow our heads. Lord, we come before your throne of mercy and grace. Lord, we come with our petitions, Lord, with our needs. Lord, be we just come tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we just see our sister Britney's family member. We just ask that you would just be with that person. Just meet that need, Lord. For this one, uh, Sister Halley Savage, just be with her and that need, the different needs and requests, Lord, that were made known. May your Holy Spirit just go, Lord, and you're our sufficiency here tonight, Lord. Lord, you're our every burden, every car we could have, we can lay at your feet tonight, Lord. And we just come to worship you, Lord. May there be a liberty tonight for the people of God, to enter the service, Lord, to worship you, to respond to the word, to preach the word, Lord. May you just move among us mightily tonight, Lord. May we just come and enter in, Lord, and just pour our hearts out. Lord, we love you tonight. We just ask that the Holy Spirit would have this preeminence tonight to move among us however you would see fit. Lord, we love you. We just ask that you bless this service. Bless our brother Ben. Bless the tithes and offerings now in the name of Jesus Christ. And you can be seated. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, you are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh yes you do, Lord. Oh, you are worthy of it [Music] all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Sing it one more time with all your hearts now. Oh, you are worthy of it all, Lord. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh yes you are. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve [Music] glory. You believe he's worthy of your praise tonight. Well, let's try this song. Give us clean hands. Give us clean hands. and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh, give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us speak. A generation that seeks seeks your face, oh God. Let's try that verse now. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols and give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh, give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us speak. A generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us be. A generation that seeks seeks your face, oh God. Sing that verse one more time with all your hearts. Now we bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. So give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh, give us clean hands. and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls. Oh, with all your hearts now, oh God, let us be a generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. As sister Ella makes her way to come and sing for us at this time. Amen. Aren't you thankful for the Lord tonight? Amen. How many came to worship? Can you say praise the Lord? Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise? Miss Ella, go ahead and come on and sing for us. [Music] lose report. Will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. [Music] Whose report? Will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. His report says I am sealed. His report says I am healed. His report says I am free. His report says victory. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. His report says I am healed. His report says I am sealed. His report says I am free. His report says victory. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. His report says I am healed. His report says I am healed. His report says I am free. His report says victory. Whose report will you believe? [Applause] Amen. Do you believe that? Tonight, we're going to believe the report of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's stand together just before we invite our pastor. I want us to sing this song. Our God reigns. And aren't you glad he does? Do you believe it tonight? Amen. We're just thankful that the Lord, man, would allow us to meet together tonight. And you know, I look out and I see the uh, you know, you come out on a Wednesday night and and you give God your time, I believe he'll honor that. And if you have a need tonight, I believe if we'll just hold that need in our heart while the word goes forth, I mean, I do believe with all my heart that the word works. And I believe if we'll just hold on to it tonight that whatever we need, I mean, he will provide for us. Can we just do that tonight? Amen. Let's just sing this with all of our hearts now. Amen. Start with the first verse there. How lovely are the mountains on the feet of him who brings good news. Good news. Announceing peace, proclaiming news of [Music] happiness. Yes, our God reigns. Yes, he does. Oh, our God reigns. [Music] [Applause] Yes. Our God [Applause] reigns. Oh, our God reign. And our God reigns. [Music] Our God raised out from the tomb. He came with grace and [Music] majesty. Oh, he's alive. Any believers in the building tonight that can proclaim he's alive? Oh, he's alive. God loves us so just see his hands, his feet his side. Oh, he's alive. Yes, he is. Oh, he's alive. If you believe it, can you put a hand up to him now? Oh, he's alive. Yes, he's alive. Oh, he's alive. He's alive. Our God reigns. One more time. Oh yes, our God reigns. Yes, our God reigns. Oh, our God [Music] reigns. Our God. I wonder if we could sing that second verse one more time. out from the tomb. He came with grace and majesty. Oh, he's alive. Yes, he is. Oh, he's alive. God loves us so just see his hands, his feet, his side. Oh, he's alive. Oh, I wonder if we could just sing it to him now. Oh, he's If he's alive, is he worthy of our worship tonight? Oh, yes, he's alive. Oh yes he is. Oh he's [Applause] alive. Oh he's alive. Are you glad about it tonight? I'm so glad he's alive. Sing it. Our God reigns now with all your heart. Oh yeah. Our God reigns. I'm so glad he does. Oh our God reign. Oh, thank you Lord. Oh our God reigns. Oh our God reigns. Let's give him a hand clap of praise. Oh, do you believe he reigns tonight? How do I know that he reigns? Because he reigns in my heart and in my life. Amen. Good to see each and every one of you on a Wednesday night. We're going to be reading from Genesis chapter 49 and verse 19 tonight. Let's hold the music for now. Genesis 49:19. Good to see each and every one of you out with us tonight and and such a blessing to be able to come together. I uh was watching uh some news coverage of the uh earthquake in California uh that happened a couple days ago and it uh they showed San Diego Zoo and they had the elephants in the zoo and when the ground started shaking all the elephants came together and they stood in a circle facing outward with the smallest ones in the middle and I thought about that. I thought that's what we're doing here in the house of God. Amen. We're just gathering together with our little ones here among us and protecting those that are feeble and weak. And we're we're it's a shaking time. The whole world's shaking. Everything that can be shaken will be shaken, the Bible says. And yet we believe we're standing on the solid rock of the word of God. And we we're going to make it. Amen. And they just look like they were going to stand against the earthquake. You know, just standing together. I believe it gives us strength tonight. Amen. Genesis 49:19. Good to have uh brother Caleb and sister or brother Caleb's parents with us tonight. God bless you guys. I It's sister Sophie's birthday, isn't it? My goodness. We won't say how old she is, but what a blessing, Brother Caleb and Sister Sophie are here to the church and and Brother Caleb being a deacon and and uh doing his job and and taking care of it. And those kids are just such a big part of what we do. And we're so thankful for that. He's just uh repopulating the earth all by himself, but we're glad to have him. Genesis 49:19 says, "Gad a troop shall overcome him, but he shall overcome at the last." Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, Lord, you you said that knowing the book was one thing. It was good, but Lord, we needed to know the author. Lord, I'm so glad you sent a prophet in our day that knew the author. So thankful for that. But Lord, we we have to know you as well. I pray, God, that you'd help us tonight to to not only get the word that's written on the page, but the revelation of it. Lord, I pray that you'd reveal yourself to us tonight, how much you love us, how much you you care about us, what your will is for our lives. I pray God that if there's one sick among us tonight that they would be healed. If there's one that needs to come closer to the fire, a backslider, maybe I wouldn't know what that that would be. But Lord, you know, I pray you'd speak directly to them as only you can do. Move move me out of the way, Lord. I realize that Lord, I'm insufficient in myself to do it. But I pray God that you'd help me in every way. We thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. We've gone through Reuben, Simeon and Levi, Judah, Dan, Zebulun, and Napili. And now tonight, Gad. I was going to do Gad and Manasseh together, but I just got caught up in the study and we just wouldn't have time to take both tonight. So, I want to do this tonight. I I think we can all agree tonight that Jesus is the word. The Bible says in John 1 and 1, in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. And then in verse 14, and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth. Now, brother Brandham takes that uh and it's in a sermon called his unfailing words of promise. Well, that's a powerful uh powerful title. He said, 'Then as God gave out his word, what would be predestinated his church before the foundation of the world, it would appear before him without spot or wrinkle. He said, "And the time piece is moving right on down," he said, "and it will be there." That gives me great comfort tonight. You say, "Brother Ben, what are you looking at? Are you looking at the people? Are you looking at what's going on?" I'm not looking at that at all tonight, but we're looking at the promise of the word. And the word says it will be there, a church, a glorious church without spot or wrinkle. And he said, I'm trusting that we're all here tonight members of that church. He said, and that there's only one way to enter that church, not by any denomination. He said, you enter it by new birth. And you say, well, I I believe that. He said, if you do, then you will punctuate every word of this Bible with an amen. every word of the Bible. He said, "If you have the new birth, you'll punctuate it with an amen." Everything the Bible says because it is Christ and you are a part of Christ and the Holy Spirit revealing this truth. Now, this is what I wanted to get to uh in this quote, he said, "Each age has had its allotment of word to be fulfilled." Word allotment, we've been through that. It's it's an inheritance, right? It's what's given to us by God. So each age had something given to them by God that would be fulfilled in that age. So we know that this is the age of the fullness of the word. Someone say that word with me because we're going to hear it tonight. Fullness. The fullness of Christ, the fullness of the word. I want you to hold that in your mind now because we're going to come back here at some point tonight. Lord, the Lord willing. Now Gad means good fortune. The word gad means good fortune or or troop. It's a it's a word with a dual meaning. In Genesis 30 and10 it says uh Zilpa Leah's maid bear Jacob a son and Leah said a troop cometh and she called his name Gad. So uh we find then that uh uh Gad is a very uh he he he's given a name just like all of the others that's a prophecy over his life. So when Jacob prophesies in Genesis 49:19 that we read uh he he uses word play on the name. He says Gad a troop shall overcome him but he shall overcome at the last. So Reuben and Gad and half the tribe of Manasseh are uh infamous I guess you would say for one reason and and they really kind of drop off the pages of history. What they're what they're famous for or infamous for is that they failed to cross Jordan. you remember, and go all the way into the promised land. And we dealt with Reuben on that just slightly, but we didn't go very far into the story. I want us to turn to Numbers chapter 32. If you have your Bibles with you tonight, I'm going to read several verses in Numbers chapter 32 and verse one. We'll read down through verse 5. It says, "Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle. And when they saw the land of Jazer and the land of Gilead, behold, the place the place was a place for cattle, the children of Gad and the children of Reuben came and spake unto Moses and to Eleazar the priest and unto the princes of the congregation, saying, and then they list in verse three all the the names of the towns. They said, "Even the country which the Lord spoke before the congregation of Israel is a land for cattle, and thy servants have cattle." So they're out there. If you if you are a cattle person, we grew up uh raising cattle and having around cattle and you always know cattle land when you see it like it's there good grazing land. And so they they looked at that and and and it just looked like the plains, you know, just full of grass and it just looks so good to them. And and and they said, "This is a land for cattle. We have cattle. It just makes sense, right? It makes good sense." And it did. Now, I want you to understand they were right in in in in their knowledge, in their understanding, in their uh in all that they could think of or all that they could dream up in their mind, they were right. That it made sense for them to stay there. But it wasn't what God told them to do. He it wasn't the part that was given to Abraham. So now they said, it it makes sense for us to stay here. Therefore said they, if we have found grace in thy sight, let this land be given to thy servants for possession, and bring us not over Jordan. So they're they're saying, uh, let let's just let us stay here and and and don't bring us over into the full promise of God. This was the same land, interestingly enough, that Lot had seen. You remember when Lot, we don't have time to go in Genesis 19, but you can go read there later, that Lot actually looks out and the Bible says he sees the well-watered plain of Jordan. What was he looking at? He was looking at the exact same land that these tribes were looking at. And he saw that it was it was good for cattle. It was good for sheep. It was good for uh for any number of things to to plant crops on. And and he said, "It's a land that's that's just wonderful. Why do I need a a a promised land full of milk and honey? So, if you could kind of look at it like this, they traded uh what they could see uh for what they couldn't see. And to them, that was a good bargain. It was a bird in the hand, right? It was something they already could see. They could have it. But as Christians, we're not we're not looking at the scene. We're looking at the unseen. We're not looking at what this life has to offer, but we're looking at it very best. It's few days and full of trouble, but we're looking, brother. It's something beyond what we can see and we're looking to something else. So, it was the same land. It had become the plain of Moab. That was the plane of Moab. And that's what Moses had went in and defeated Moab. And they said, "Give us this land." So, it was the plane of Moab, which was Lot's son by by an incestuous relationship with his daughters. And Moab speaks of denomination. Brother Brandham taught us that when he dealt with Moab with Balum. So Moab speaks of denomination. So they settled for a denomination or for a denominational idea instead of going on over into the land that was flowing with milk and honey, the land where all the promises laid. Now, Brother Brandham tells us something interesting about the Moabites. He said the Moabites knew the truth. Oh my. whether they lived up to it or not. I I I gota I I I I've got to preach this a little bit here for a moment because uh we we need to understand that if you know something and you don't do it, that becomes sin. Yeah. And we need what we know. It's important what we know. There's many people who don't know what we know. They've not been exposed to the truth that we've been exposed to, but we have. Yeah. And to take if you know something, if you can read something in the scripture, you can read what the Bible says about something or you you you hear it preached or you hear it on a tape or however it is that the word comes to you. When when you hear it and you don't do it, you don't live up to it, you become like a moabitete. They could hear it, but they didn't live up to it. They heard it. They had the same Bible just like denomination has the same Bible we do. The same Bible that says don't cut your hair. The same Bible that says live in a godly life. The same Bible that says all of the the things that we believe and yet they don't believe it. Why do they not believe it? Because they they know the truth. They have the truth. They have the word of God, but they don't live up to it. Now, in Genesis 13 and verse 10, uh you find where Lot lifted up his eyes. And behold, all the plain of Jordan. It was well watered everywhere before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah even as the garden of the Lord like the land of Egypt as thou comest unstar. So it was a beautiful land. It was a it was a wellwatered land. A and so they made the same decision that Lot made and and Abraham made another decision. Abraham went with God into the presence of God. That's the decision I want to make. It might be harder here, but I want to be in the presence of God. I want to be in the will of God, the perfect will of God. I don't want to take his permissive will. He may allow you to do something. He allowed them to live there, but it was not the perfect will of God. You say, "Brother Ben, how could I ever know the perfect will of God?" Well, that's pretty easy. It's the word of God, right? If you've got to ask for special permission, then God don't want you to do it. Well, I know what the Bible says, but God, you're a good God. He may let you do it, but his first word is his correct word, and it'll always be right. He don't change his mind about his word. How many believe that tonight? So, their decision was the same as lost. Numbers chapter 32 again, verse 6. And Moses, he's responding now, said unto the children of Gad, to the children of Reuben, "Shall your brethren go to war, and shall you sit here? And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel, from going over into the land which the Lord hath given them?" So their their example would discourage others from going on in, right? He said, "Thus did your fathers when I sent them from Kadesh Barnea to see the land." Notice there's a new generation making the same mistake. We don't want to make the mistakes of a previous generation. There's got to be a generation where the the cycle of revival and death fails, right? There's got to be a generation that steps into a new body. There's got to be a generation that takes a rapture. There's got to be a generation that accepts the message and believes it for what it is and don't let any man interpret it to them. Come on, church. Somebody's got to do it. Yes, sir. Somebody's got to believe the whole word of God. Somebody's got to become that word. Might as well be us, right? It might as well be us. I I don't want to just put that off in the future. Let's let it be us cuz we don't know the the the body change may happen tomorrow. I don't know when it's going to happen, but whenever it is, I'm I I want to be ready for it. I I I want to be ready. Amen. So, I don't want to make the mistakes of my forefathers. They they did their part, but I don't want to be I don't want to be uh my my father's, if you could say it like this, and I've preached on this before, but the genes of my father, the things that he experienced and the things he inherited from his father, they were damaged by Adam's fall, but I've been born again by the spirit of God. I don't have to I don't have to reinterpret my father's life. Brother Brandon said, "I realized one day I was not the son of Charles and Ella Brandon, but I was the son of God. And I've got to realize that I'm not just the son of John and Sharon Puit, but I'm the son of God. So do all of us. And brother Brandon said, "Then I was born again." Amen. So we don't repeat those mistakes. Now he says, "Here, you're doing the same thing what your fathers did." He said, "For when they went up into the valley of Eshkaw and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel that they should not go into the land which the Lord had given them." The Lord's anger was kindled the same time. And he swear, saying, Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt, from 20 years old and upward shall see the land which I swear unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, because they have not wholly followed me. Save Caleb. I love that. Who's Caleb a type of? Come on. You've read the church age book. Who's Caleb? A type of type of me, a type of you, type of the bride. Amen. And for they have wholly followed the Lord. And the Lord's anger at Caleb the son of Jeff and Joshua the son of Joshua's a type of the end time leader. He said Caleb's a type of the bride. He said for they have wholly followed the Lord. And the Lord's anger was kindled against Israel. And he made them wander in the wilderness 40 years until all the generation that had done evil in the sight of the Lord was consumed. And behold, you are risen up in your father's dead. This is the new generation that was supposed to go all the way into the promises of God. Yes. Right. He said, "You raised up in your father'sstead an increase of sinful men." In other words, your fathers were sinful, and so are you sinful to augment yet the fierce anger of the Lord toward Israel. For if you turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness, and you shall destroy all this people. That's what God thought about what they were doing. And but what they did instead of following what Moses said and saying, "Lord, we're we're sorry, we we didn't realize it was such a big deal, but they made a compromise." And they said, "Well, we'll go fight with you. We'll go help you, but but we'll leave our cattle and little ones behind. We'll we'll build cities for our little ones." Numbers 32:16. Build sheepfolds for our cattle and cities for our little ones. But we ourselves will go ready armed before the children of Israel and and until we have brought them unto their place, unto their place. Notice how they've already separated in their mind that it's a place for somebody but not for me. That's where backsliding begins, church. It's a place for somebody. The message is for somebody but not for me. That's right. That Bible verse was for somebody but not for me. But it's all for all of us. Is that right? Right. So now uh they said we'll not return to our houses until the children of Israel have inherited every man his inheritance for we will not oh my they don't even I don't think they they grasp what a what a huge deal this is. We will not inherit with them on yonder side Jordan be or forward because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side Jordan eastward. What they did is they put a period on what they believed. They said, "This is as far as we're going and we won't go any further. We'll we'll take the first poll and the second poll, but that's as far as we're going." Yeah. We won't go any f any further into the message of the hour. Now, hear me tonight on this. Just because God allows something doesn't make it right. They were operating in what we call his permissive will. Brother Brandham called his permissive will. Proving they were not of those who were predestined to the full promise. But I want to be one who's predestined to the full promise. How do I know that I am? Because I have a desire to go there. I want to see it. Caleb said, "Give me my mountain. I'm not going to stop short of what God has given me." Oh, that could be all of our desire tonight. I I you know, it may be a hard land. You know, sometimes the land that God gives us is difficult. Sometimes we go through great trials. Sometimes we we we go through situations as we talked about here not long ago about Caleb's daughter. She was given a piece of the Ngev desert and and she'd come to her father and she said, "Give me also springs of water. If you've given me a desert place, I've got a life full of trials. Give me an atmosphere of worship. Give me give me a a heart that can receive from you, Lord. Give me peace in my life and in my heart that no matter what comes, I know you'll take care of me. Give me your spirit, Lord. Give me your presence. Oh, how many can say amen to that tonight? My my land may be difficult to take, but I can take it if you go with me. Amen, sir. So, they were they didn't want to go all the way in because it would have been more difficult. Yet they fought with the people of God and then went back. And Moses agreed in Genesis or Numbers 32 20 and and even down to verse we'll read verse 22. He says if you'll do this in verse 22, the land shall be subdued before the Lord. Then afterward you shall return and be guiltless before the Lord before Israel. In other words, you're going to be you'll be saved. You be you know you'll it'll be okay. this land shall be your possession before the Lord. Listen to me. They could find a quote where Moses told him this is your land. But it wasn't what God had called them to originally. We'll find where brother Brandon says that after a while. Joshua 22 and9 the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh returned. This is when they got done. They went and fought every battle. Yeah. In fact, they went first to show the others that, you know, hey, we'll go first. We'll go to church. We'll do we we'll we'll we'll do all of this. But their hearts were on the other side of Jordan cuz they left their children there, right? And and because they did that, they they said, "We'll we'll go forward and we'll uh we we'll help you possess your land." A and I thank God for those that will help. But all that we could, everyone, each one of us would be those who want to stay in the promises of God. Not just to visit the land, not just to see the grapes, not just to experience the land flowing with milk and honey, but that we would actually stay there. Oh my. They, it says, they departed from the children of Israel, out of Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan, to go into the country of Gilead, to the land of their possession. Remember, it was the land of Moab. It was it was Lot's possession, what he wanted, not what Abraham got. To the land of their possession, whereof they were possessed according to the word of the Lord by the hand of Moses. Moses said, "Go do it." But it wasn't his perfect will. They could say God allowed it, but it was not his original plan. So, Brother Brandham has a vision. And and again, I want to I want to make this very clear tonight. What is the original plan? This is it. Right? If you can't find it here and then revealed in the message of the hour, right? It's not his perfect will. It can't be. It has to line up. No matter what anybody else says, you say, "But they're they're Christians." Yes, they they do good things. Absolutely. But they're not in the perfect will of God. And for me in my house, we want to serve the Lord. If it seems good to you to serve somebody else or to stay on the other side of Jordan, that's fine. But for me in my house, yes, let me serve the Lord. Oh, that we could have drive that kind of stake down today. Yes. Make that kind of commitment. Yes. Brother Brandham has a vision and the second part of the vision is you you'll you'll recognize more quickly because it's the part where death is defeated, right? The the mamba, the black mamba. This is from the message paradox in 1961. So the second part of the vision is where brother Brandham defeats black mamba, which was a type of death, right? And he tells him this and anything under it, right? He said when the when the snake died, it made like an S. He said it was an and sign, a backwards S. He said it's this and anything under it, right? Is defeated, right? He had power over it. But the first part of the vision is this. He said, I'd gotten up and I looked where in front of me I was coming down to the Jordan. Looked like I was standing on the map of Palestine. He said, I was coming down to the Jordan and it seemed like I could hear the song, I'm going down to the Jordan. and someone was singing it. And as I drew near the river, I looked back and seen which way I had come and I was 2third of the way there to the Jordan. He said, "And I looked across Jordan and I said, "Oh, praise God." Just on the other side is where all the promises lay. Every promise lays in the promised land. And I know there's many in the message that feel like we're still there, that we're still on that side of the river looking across. But I believe that brother Brandon's new ministry, I believe we can back this up with the message. His new ministry was the opening of the seals and the opening of the word. And that was he said that was the uh the the mysteries contained in the seals. And he said, I I have to give my attention to this message. There just so many quotes and things that he said. So that is uh that being his new ministry, he said it would be much greater than the previous two. That being the third poll, he said told us you you can type it in and search it up. He said the third pole is the opening of the word. Right? So that is the third the third step if you might say. That's the land where all the promises lay is in this message. We don't have to have another one. We don't have to have somebody come back and preach it again. We don't have to have any of that. We got everything that we need right in the message of it. Oh, I'm so thankful for that. Listen, don't let any man tell you that you you got to listen to him to make it. That's right. There is not a man on the earth that you have to listen to to make it. This message was provided for you. He said, "Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet, sir, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord, and he shall turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers." Oh my, my heart's been turned back. I've entered into the land. I don't want to stay back. I don't want to leave something behind that makes my heart want to go back where it was. I don't want to just fight and then give up. But if I fight, let me possess what I'm fighting for. Come on. Yes, sir. Good. If I'm going to go to church, let me possess it. Come on, church. If I'm going to be a message believer, let me possess it. Let me understand it. Let me dig into it. Let me let me not just rely on what somebody says, but let me have it for myself. Absolutely. He said, "Every promise, every promise lays in the promised land." See, death was conquered on the other side of the Jordan. Yeah. That was the land of the resurrection. The land that Lot chose was a land of backsiding, a land of denomination, a land of unfulfilled promises, a land of the here and now, a land that looked good and maybe maybe it made you a little more money and and things would go a little bit easier in your life, but but it's not a land of the of the rapture. But the the promised land is a rapture land. It's a land of the body change. It's a land of the spoken word. It's Oh, come on, church. It's a land of the voice of the resurrection is in the promised land. Yeah. So those who stayed across Jordan kept this attitude like we don't want nothing to upset what we're doing now. And they kept it all the way down to Jesus' time because in Jesus' time they had, you know how things kind of devolve? When you go when you backslide, you don't just stay, you just keep going, right? And and by Jesus time, they no longer hurted cattle. They hurted hogs, right? They rationalized it because it's for other people, not for us Jews. You know, nothing wrong with bacon now. That's all right. You know, thank God for that. Thank God for the blood and the death of Jesus on the cross. I'm so glad brother Brandham ate bacon, you know, and I can eat bacon, too. Praise God. But the Jews weren't supposed to, right? And so they were they had hogs they couldn't even eat. Had a bunch of pigs they couldn't even eat. And in Jesus' time, they'd become pig herders. Oh my. And brother Brandham says this. He said, he said, "Look, when Israel was dividing up their lands." Now, this is a very important quote because it tells us about this tribe that stayed, these tribes that stayed, the two and a half tribes. He said there was, I believe it was Gad was one of them and perhaps the half tribe. They didn't go over into the promised land. They stayed on this side borderline. Yeah. Jesus visit that same people. And look at the results. I just love the way he put it of staying out of the full benefits of God's love. Look at the results of it. Every I'm not very old. I'm 39 years old. I'll be 40 this year. And I've seen just about everything made out of this message. Every kind of a doctrine, every kind of a dogma. But can I preach to you my heart tonight? I've seen the failure of all those things. I see what it does to homes. I see what it does to children. I see what it does to people. Destroys people. Oh my. Why? They all stayed over here in man's ideas. But let me go on over. Let me go over to the fullness. He said out. They were staying out of the full benefits. Yes. Of God's love. Oh, I want the full benefit of his love. Don't you? I need his forgiveness. I need his grace. I need to feel his power. I need his presence to be around. I need the church. I need I need communion. I need to be with you. I I I need that. I need what the Bible says. I need the the gifts of the spirit when they're in order. I need all of these things. I need the whole word of God. Amen. As it was given to us by the prophet in this day. I need it. Yeah. I need the full benefit of God's love. You do as well. When Jesus visited them, he went over in Gera. Remember when he was coming across the sea? We just preached on it and 10,000 demons of the sea swore they'd kill him. They'd drown him. He put his foot up on the brow of the boat. They woke him up. Master, don't you care about us? Put his foot up on the brow of the boat and said, "Peace be still." He can still do that, church. He's still the one that can do that. He can still speak to your life. Say, "Peace be still." He's still the word. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. But he crossed over for a purpose. He told them, "We're going to the other side." And they were going over to meet a man named Legion. A man who who had a legion of demons. He said, "Call us Legion cuz we're many." And and and that's where on the other side is where these people were living. He said, "That's where they come from." That tribe that stayed, their attitude was still the same way because it cost them a bunch of hogs to have the meeting. Remember what happened? the hogs. You remember the devil said, "Don't just cast us out. Send us somewhere." Because they can't do nothing without permission. Right? So they said, "Send us somewhere." And what did the hogs the devils do? They went into the hogs. Brother Brandham said the the the devils had fits and the hogs had fits and they drowned the people in in the in the water or they drowned the hogs rather in the water. And because it cost them a herd of hogs, the people come to Jesus. They said, "Don't stay with us. What was it? The same attitude they had with Joshua and with Moses. Let us stay here. Yeah. We're comfortable. We're complacent. We're happy where we are, but I want everything God has for me. I want to keep on pushing and keep on pressing and keep on doing everything God called me to do. Now look, he said, because it cost them a bunch of hogs to have the meeting, they asked Jesus to leave their land. They didn't want nothing to do with it. They had their own ways. They had their own churches. They didn't want nothing to do with Jesus. So they asked him to leave the land. What did they do? They rejected the fullness of the word. Brother Random says in one place that the foolish virgin rejects the fullness of the atonement. It goes into the tribulation period. They rejected the fullness. What was the fullness? Christ. Colossians 2:9, for in him. Someone say it with me. In him. I know it's Wednesday night and you're tired, but we're just going to go a little bit longer tonight. And I won't hold you all night. I promise. In him dwelleth all. Someone say all. All the fullness of the godhead bodily. They they were very religious but they rejected the word in its fullness revealed the word made flesh. Yes. Joshua 22:10, the Bible says that this these two and a half tribes when they were coming to the borders of Jordan that are in the land of Canaan and the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh built there an altar by Jordan, a great altar to see to, right? It looked good. It was beautiful. It was huge. It made sense. But it was not ordained by God. Yeah. If you think now, we know that denomination did that. If you think about the church, you don't think of a lotments given to a certain tribe or even a certain denomination, but to an age. Yeah. Right. A certain light given to a certain age. So, Brother Brandham, and and I'll read that again at the end of that quote I read at the beginning. He said, "Each age has had its allotment of word to be fulfilled." Each age. And I want to ask you tonight, if we've come to the age of the fullness of Christ, the son of man again. Yeah. Right. He said it would be son of God, son of man, son of God, son of David. He said, but right before the gospel goes back to the Jews, the son of man would be revealed again. Right. And it has been revealed in our hour. After we have come to that, why would we want to go back to denominational pastures? After fighting for that all of these years, why would we want to go back to being told by men what we can do and what we can't do? Why would we go back to a denominational system when we've been released in the freedom of the new land? when we've been led by our Joshua into the new land and we have the Holy Ghost here with us and things are we've been given a a land. Yeah. Why would we go back? Amen. Now, you know, they come and they said, "Well, you know, the Pentecostals were satisfied because they said, "We have justification. We have sanctification, the gifts of the spirit." And they did. But that wasn't all of it, right? But it was a shock. And brother Brandon said, "We'll not be heir with the bride." I'm moving fast through this tonight, but you can go study all of this. Who receives all the promises of God? Now, look, why did Gad stay across the land? Why did they stay? because that's where they could be successful. Yeah. I just want to I just want to dwell on this for a moment. Lot had success in Sodom. Do you know that? Brother Brandham said he'd become the mayor of the city. He was successful up to the point that his wife was turned into a pillar of salt. Look at Moses blessing of Gad. He said of Gad, he said in Deuteronomy 33:20, where Moses blesses the 12 tribes, he said, "Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad." He dwelleth as a lion, tearthth the arm with the crown of the head. Very successful. He provided the first part for himself. I want you to notice that because we in our own efforts, we trying to we're trying to make sure that we, you know, find what we should be doing in life. And I want you young people to listen to me tonight because we we think, well, I'll I'll do this with my life. I'm going to be this or that or the other. But maybe God wants you to do something else. We need to listen for the will of God. We need to we need to find the purpose of God in our life because we we know that we don't want to provide the first part for ourselves. We don't want to just pick a spot and say that's mine. I didn't call myself to preach. I can't call myself to preach. I didn't call myself to pastor. Right? And that's why brother Brandon says if you look at somebody that really wants the job, that's probably somebody shouldn't be doing it. Right? And if you realize what the job was, you sure wouldn't want the job. But I don't want a part that's not mine. I want everything God's given me, but not nothing else. But but Gad provided the first part for himself because there a portion of the lawgiver was he seated. He came with the heads of the people. He executed the justice of the Lord and his judgments with Israel. Are you still with me tonight? A good illustration of this is the rich young ruler, right? Brother Brandham tells the story about it in leadership. He says, you know what the Bible says about this young fellow? He become more successful. When did he become more successful? After rejecting the fullness of the word. after rejecting the fullness of being a follower of Christ, he he asked Jesus, he said, "What what can I do to be saved?" And he said, "Well," he said, "Obey all the commandments." He said, "I've done all that from my youth up." And he had great success in that. It taught him. He probably paid his tithe and went to church and did all the things he was supposed to do. But when it come time to accept the word in its fullness, he was unwilling to do it. Brother Brandon says, "You know what the Bible says about this young fellow? He become more successful." Sometimes success doesn't mean that you made the right choice. I know sometimes we make decisions and then we wait on God or we make a decision without consulting God. Then we wait on God to say no. And that's not the way to do it. Ask first before you get married. Pray about it. Before you go to church somewhere, pray about it. Ask first. Don't wait on You say, "Well, I'm successful. It must have been okay with God. No, he may give you his blessing. Yeah. You may feel good about it, right? And it still not be the will of God. Right. Brother Brandon said, "So sometimes success don't mean that you've made the right choice." You know what he did? He went out and had all big times and throw big parties and spent lots of money and everything on the girls and everything. Then he got married, maybe had a family, and he just increased so much he had to build new barns. And he said, "You see, I didn't follow Jesus and look what I got. You may hear people say that and I he said and I have well look he's blessed me that don't mean it at all. After a while his barn swelled till even he said why soul take your rest. I've got so much money and so much success and I'm such a great man. I belong to all the clubs and I have the riches of the world in my hands. I own great sum sums of land and sums of money. Why my there everybody likes me a very fine person to be. But you know the Bible said that night God said to him, "I'm going to require your soul." And there will come a day when our soul is required. But we don't have to be afraid. Let's just follow the word fully. Let's just follow all the way across Jordan. Let's do everything. Let's be everything he's called us to be. Yes. Brother Brandham said the rich young ruler was led by the influence of his success. That's right. His success influenced him away from Jesus. Yeah. I I want to look at that last church and we got just a few more minutes. The last church age was the Pentecostal church age, right? And we are the overcomer of that age. Not another age, but the bride part of that, overcomer of that. So the Pentecostal church started as a tiny little group in Topeka and in on Isusa Street. And if you look at what they are today, by every standard of man, they've been very successful. Yeah. I was reading an article on Christianisinstitute.org for and it said that recently Life magazine listing the top 100 events of the second millennium put Pentecostalism at 68th. That's the top 100 events, not religious events, events. The dictionary of Christianity in America says that Pentecostalism is perhaps the single most significant development in 20th century Christianity. The largest church in the world is a Pentecostal church in Korea. 240,000 attend weekly worship. That's a big church. Someone asked me, you got a big church or a small church? I hate that question. We are a part a portion of the bride, right, that lives in Hardy. Somebody say, "Well, what should I do?" You know, where should I go to church? Well, you should go to church where you live, and then if you got options, praise God. Brother Brandon said, "Pray, right? And seek the mind of the Lord and and find a church." But you say, "Well, if I leave, will you be upset? I'll be sorry to see you go, but I ain't going to be mad at you." Huh? Because nobody has to listen to me preach to make it. But in the message, by this standard, we don't have any successful churches. Right? 240,000 people. Bet they don't have any trouble finding a sound man. Brother Peter, two Pentec Peter would rather play drums than than do sound, but he does a good job. Two Pentecostal churches in Buenos Aerys attract together 150,000 each week. Pentecostalism has become the fastest growing family world Christianity. It's growing at a rate of 13 million a year. 35,000 people a day become Pentecostal with nearly a half a billion people just Pentecostals. It is after Roman Catholicism the largest Christian tradition. That ought to tell them something right there. Huh? But look what brother Brandham says about the Pentecostal age in in the church age book and you'll find he's talking specifically about the Pentecostal church. He said she counts numbers for success rather than to look for fruit. They feel safe in their numbers. But God, let us look for fruit. Let us look for growth. Let's not look for just growth in numbers, but let's look I I would love to have a church just packed out tonight, but let's look for fruit. We realize in this age, not everybody's going to believe the message. Not everybody's going to live it. Even in the church, you'll have three kinds of believers. But somebody's going to because we read where he said there will be a church without spot or wrinkle. Now see they they took God's permissive will. They stopped. So we love the miracles. We love to speak in tongues. We love to do that. But we just don't want to know what's on the other side. We'd rather take the known instead of the unknown. But there's so much more on the other side of the sound barrier. Don't let me What if What if people had said scientists and said, "Well, let's just never let's never break the sound barrier. Let's stay down here where it's comfortable. Let's stay down here where we're happy and every we got flight now. We can fly around our airplanes." But somebody had to have a dream and a vision to be able to say, "Let's go beyond the sound barrier." And in this age, we're not called to be pilots. We're called to be astronauts. Hallelujah. Amen. The pilot goes wherever he wants to, but the astronaut goes where where he's sent. Amen. He flies beyond the sound barrier. Yeah. And he goes out into the unknown. Look, they took God's permissive will. Brother Brandon said, "Any move from that original plan of God throws the whole thing out of cater, right? We can't move from that original word, right?" He said, we talked about it on Balum. He got God's answer straight and clear. Don't go. But he has a permissive will. You can work in that if you wish to, and God will make it honor him. But still, it's not God's perfect will. And that's what we should strive for, his perfect will, not his permissive will. The kingdom of God within the earth today can never be set up justly on a permissive will. It's got to come back to his perfect will. You realize I know people, you say, "Well, I'm still in the will of God." Well, the fall of man was in his permissive will. I don't want that. I don't want that will. I want his perfect will. I don't want what Eve got. I don't want death and misery and all those things. I don't want the tribulation period. I want what he wants for me. I've got something in my heart. I trust there's something in your heart tonight that says, I want to go all the way into the promises of God. I want to go all the way into the rapture. Brother Brandon said, if I can't make it in my generation, don't let me stand in the way of somebody else having the faith to do it. Hallelujah. His perfect will is the fullness of the word. Brother Brandham taught us about the seed and Mary he said was the shuck and I I'm not reading all of this because I don't have time tonight but you can go back and find the quotes. He said Luther had justification Wesley had sanctification Pentecostals and the restoration of the gifts but when the word come he said they could produce that that justification will save a man. He said you believe that sure it was a carrier of the word just the same as I believe the stalk is part of the weed. Sure but it's the carrier ain't it ain't the life right? He said then along came sanctification. How many believes in sanctification? We believe in it. He said you believe the Bible you have to. Sure. So still that's not it's a little more like that's two more words. He said but then come the Pentecost the restoration of the gifts speaking in tongues. They're they call that the initial evidence which brought forth what? The shuck. But they denominated. But when you come to say I and my father are one and these other things then the shuck pulls away from it. Listen. But the real genuine bride church will bring forth the entire word of God in its fullness and in its strength. For he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Don't try to talk me out of an Acts 2:38 experience. Don't try to talk me out of my children being saved. Don't try to talk me out of of the of Ephesians 4 or or any part of the Bible. I don't want to be talked out of it because I believe that's my land. God gave it all to me by the opening of the word. Brother said, "The Bible become a new book." And because of that, let me live it all. Let me live it all. I know everybody wants to say, "Well, if I could cut not cut my hair and and if I could wear a long dress, but let me live and joy and peace and longsuffering and let me live in the inner man as well." Not just an outward religion. Let me go all the way in. How many can say amen to that tonight? Let me go all the way in. Not just look good, go through emotion, but go all the way into the promises of God. Yes. Look, are you still with me? I got just I got nine more minutes. That's a dangerous thing to say. Ephesians 1 tells us he has abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us. Say, what is the perfect will of God? He's made known unto us the mystery of his will according to his good pleasure which he has purposed in himself. Listen, his his will is himself. Oh my, it's him. I don't want his just his gifts. I want him. Yeah. I don't want just his blessings. I want him. Amen. Orpa had a part. Naomi had a part. But Ruth got him. Yeah. Ruth got Boaz. Let me have him. I want all of him. Amen. Hallelujah. He said he had made known unto us the mystery of his will. That in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, which are on earth, even in him. In whom? Where? Where is our inheritance, church? Where is our land? Where is it? It's in him. That's why death doesn't shake us. That's why tribulation doesn't shake us. That's why not having any money in the bank account doesn't shake us. Why? Because we have been predestined and obtained an inheritance in him. My inheritance is in the word. And so nothing can change that. Are you with me now? My inheritance is not subject to your interpretation, right? Or even to my own interpretation, but it's God's interpretation. Yes. Hallelujah. It's in him, the fullness, that we should be to the praise of his glory. We first trusted in Christ. Our inheritance is in the fullness of him. Our inheritance is not in the plane of Moab. Brother Brandham says, "What do you say about you Pentecostals? Oh, bless God, brother Brandon. We got the fullness when we spoke in tongues." You didn't. He said, "That's exactly right. You look it in the face." He said, "That's not the way he manifested himself back there to the church." Although he does speak through tonesues. I believe in speaking in tongues, interpretation of tongues, but that's not all of it. What they had was gifts, but they were out of order. Right? What we have is the fullness and order. Why would we want to go back to chaos? There was a moment when God spoke and said, "Let there be light and order be to come out of chaos." And when he got done speaking, the world was perfect. The earth was perfect. Why would we want to go back into chaos? Listen to me, church. God has brought a new creation spiritually now in our day. What has he done with the bride? He's spoken the word into our age and he's making himself. He's creating himself. Why would we want to go back into Pentecostalism? We don't want to. We want to go forward. And that's not a knock-on emotion. I wish we had more emotion. I think if you if if you can get emotional at the ball game, you can get emotional in church. Praise God. Right. There's just something about it when you when you hear the promises of God, there ought to be a stimulation of revelation among us. But he didn't say don't have emotion. But he said wait till the fullness comes in. Come on. Right? He said wait till that satisfaction comes. The satisfaction portion of the fullness of the Holy Spirit comes in. Then these joy bells of shouting and speaking in tongues and dancing in the spirit will come. Yeah. He said, "You won't have to do it by the music. You'll do it when you're going down the road in your car. You'll do it when you're sweeping the floor. You'll do it when you're driving nails in the wall with carpentry work. He said, "Wherever you are, that joy unspeakable and full of glory." Hallelujah. Oh, I thank God that there's something beyond just getting worked up in church, but there's a there's a joy in my soul. When I hear the word, something happens to me. Yes, sir. Good. Now, let's just make the rubber meet the road for a minute and we'll close. I've seen folks who fought for years to help the message, paid their tithes, served in church on church boards and as deacons and trustees and helped. They were a good help. But when the time came that they got a little criticism or a little bit of a little bit of got in a little bit of trouble, I'm preaching to our home folks tonight, preaching to us and to me. You go through a little bit of holocritics, you know, and they say, "Why do I have to put up with that? What's the point? Let me go back." Somebody got on the internet, maybe a family member or something, get on the internet and start looking up things about Brother Brandham and things that they don't vet that. They don't know those people what who put that on there. They don't know whether it's true or not, but they believe it. Huh? They accept it and it they say, "Well, if there's going to be this kind of criticism, I didn't know it was going to be like this." So, they walk away. And I I'm just imploring you, church, don't don't do that. Go on in. See, when you're standing there on the borderline, you can see Moses when he died, he could see across, but the ang the Lord wouldn't let him go on in. But Joshua went all the way in. Amen. Oh, we're and we're not just a coming out message for a going in message. Let me go all the way into the rapture. Let me go all the way in to the message. I'm I'm not going to give up on it. I'm going to double down on it. I'm not going to give up on the word. I'm going to I'm going to get more into the word. If there's something I don't understand. I know there's there's many things I don't understand, but Lord, let me not lean on my own understanding, but let me lean on the word of God. Let me lean on his presence. Yeah. Hallelujah. What did they do? They settled for religion. They said, "Well, I could be religious in the Baptist church." And that's true. Yeah. You could be religion religious in the Baptist church. Yeah. And you could have something maybe that satisfied some part of you and said, "Well, I've done my duty, but I'm not happy with a part of the word. I want to go all the way into the fullness of the word. Let me go all the way into peace. Let me go all the way into joy. Let me go all the way into loving my brother. Let me go all the way into all the promises of God. I want to be in that land that the prophet saw and said, "There's where all the promises lay." Yes. Inside the land. They settled for religion instead of the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. Settle for formal church services instead of true worship. Settle for dogma built on personal testimony and superstition instead of the full word of God. settle for a good name in the community or the illusion of success like the rich young ruler without surrendering all to Christ. But why settle, church musicians, come on up. Why settle for the other side of the river? Why settle on a Wednesday night? You say, "Well, it's just a Wednesday night service, but let me receive all that God has for me tonight. If you need healing, he's here just as much as he is on a Sunday. If you need salvation, he's here just as much as he is on a Sunday. If you need the baptism of the Holy Ghost, don't settle with just sanctification and a life that's been cleaned up. Go on in, church. Let's go on in. How many can say amen to that tonight. I'm not a Gadite. That's not what I'm called to be. And I warned you when we read these about these 12 tribes. Some of them never did make anything out of their lives. And yet, they were the 12 tribes of Israel, the foundation of the city. And in the end, in the millennium, everything was set back in order. and the Gades, whether they wanted to be or not, we're back on the other side of the river. But brother Brandham taught us that the Gentiles wasn't like that. We've got to come to the fullness of the word here. This is our opportunity. Amen. In the end, they overcome and are placed properly, but our overcoming is here. They have their portion, but their land become a hog lot and they rejected Christ. Lot was saved, but his wife become a pillar of salt and his family become the Moabites who were completely destroyed. We want the perfect will of God, don't we? Say, God, give that to me. Let's bow our heads together. I could go on, but I think you get the point. Preaching to each one of us to myself. I don't want to settle. I don't want to settle for just an experience. Let me have the fullness of the word. I don't want to settle for just a little bit of peace, a little temporary happiness, something I can give myself. But I want you, Lord. I want your fullness. Could you make that your prayer tonight? And I just make it mine as well. I want everything he has for me. I want the full revelation of the word. I don't want a part of it. I want all of it. And I know when it's a revelation, a real revelation, it won't contradict anything in the Bible. Won't contradict anything in the message. Let me have it, Lord. I want all of it for my family, for my children. I want this inheritance, Lord. If if I go by way of the grave, maybe the next generation will will go on into the rapture. But let me take all that's been allotted to me. Oh, God. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we as we call out to you tonight, Lord, we want to go on in. We want to go on in where all the promises lay, I pray, God, that you help us, you know, we can't do that by effort, Lord, but we must do it by the power of the Holy Ghost. I pray, Lord, that you'd just move in a mighty way. I pray that the the sick would be healed, Lord, because in the fullness of the word, you said, "I am the God that heals all thy diseases." Lord, I pray that the the backsider would be restored because in the fullness of the word, you said, "I know the thoughts that I think toward you, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you an expected end." Lord, we believe that word. I pray, God, that it would be true in our lives that it would come to pass. It would manifest. You said, "Train up a child in the way that they should go. And when they're old, they won't depart from it." Lord, I've seen you do it for others. Lord, do it for me. I want to go all the way into the fullness of my promise. I pray you grant it, Lord. I pray you'd heal the sick and touch those that are in need. We thank you for it, Lord. Thank you for your word in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, why don't we just worship him a minute? If you need prayer, altar's open tonight. I believe the presence of the Lord is here. Hallelujah. Oh, to be lost in his presence. Oh, thank you, Lord. found in his likeness. Oh, I want to hear him say, "Well, well done." Oh, granny, Lord. Oh, I want to hear you say, "Well done." Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Oh, make it your prayer now. Oh, be his will in every way. Oh, to be lost in your presence. Hallelujah. Found in your likeness to hear you say, "Well, someday." Just raise your hands to him and make it personal now. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, be his will in every way. To be lost in your presence, Lord. To be lost in your presence. Found in this life. I can sense [Music] well. Sing it again with all your heart. Oh, I just want to be as we stand together. Lift your hand and worship him for a moment. Believe he loves our worship. Oh, his will in every way. I want to be long in his presence. Want to be found in his likeness. Want to hear him say, [Music] "Welcome." Do you love him tonight? How do you love him? Love him with all your heart. I just want to give you everything. All that I am, all that I have, all that I'll ever be. I want to please you, Lord. I don't want to stop short. Remember when uh when the the prophet, I believe it was Elisha, the king come to him and he told him, he said he the prophet was dying and he told him, he said, "Take this this bow and these arrows." He said, "Strike the arrows on the ground." And when when he did, he he struck the arrow. When he found the arrow, he struck it. Remember, he struck it once, twice, three times. And he come back. And the prophet said, "I told you to strike. I didn't tell you to stop." Brother Brandon preached a sermon called God's Arrow of Deliverance. Shot from a bow. He shot the arrow out the window and he told him to strike. He said you should have struck until all your enemies were defeated. Let me tell you church, there is a bride here at the end time that will strike until all the enemies will be defeated. And the Bible says the last enemy is death. I believe that we're we are that bride. The word's already there. What we have need of to do it is already there. Let's go on in. Let's accept it in his fullness. Let's believe it. Let's be happy about it. Amen. Do you love him? Hallelujah. his will in every way. Oh yeah. Oh to be lost in his presence. Sing the Lord. Found in his likeness here. Well done. Thank you Lord. Say oh yes. I just want to please the [Music] Lord. Be his will in every way. Oh to be lost in his [Music] presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done. [Music] And all I want to do is love him. I'm so glad I feel his love for [Music] me. And Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Oh, so every day my heart will praise him. Oh, I know I'll ever be the same. And all I want to do is love him. Love his holy with all your hearts. Now we're singing. All I want to do is love him. I'm so glad I feel his love for me. And Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Oh, so every day my heart will praise him. Oh, I know I'll never be the same. And all I want to do is love him. Love his holy name. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, cuz I've accepted the word of the [Music] Lord. Oh, the revealed. word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi. Oh, that ought to make us happier here tonight. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, cuz I've accepted the word of the Lord. Oh, the reveal word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi. 4. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? I believe it'll do you good. Amen. Don't forget on Sunday, just one service at 10:30. Amen. Just come expecting another uh time in the presence of the Lord. Amen. It's always good to be together in the presence of the Lord, isn't it? Amen. You're worshiping good tonight. I wonder if we could just speed it up a little. Key of G. We shall be changed. Oh, we shall be changed. I know that we shall be changed. Oh, we're changed from this mortal to immortality. Oh, in the twinkling of an eye, I know that we shall be changed. Oh yes, we shall be changed. will change from immortal to immortality. Oh, in the twinkling of Oh, one more time. I know that we shall be changed. Oh, yes, we shall be changed. Oh, we changed from immortal immortality. Oh, in the twinkling of an eye and I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. Walking by faith and we're living in love. I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. Well, Jesus has rescued. Oh yes, I am covered. Covered. Covered by his blood. Walking by faith. And we're living in love. I am covered. Covered. Covered by his blood. Well, Jesus has rescued. One more time. Oh, I am covered. Covered. Covered by his blood. Walking by faith and I'm living in love. I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. Oh Jesus has resue me. You believe it tonight that you're covered. Amen. Just as we go now, I've been changed. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Well, I've been changed from this creature that I once was and redeemed. Is now my day? Well, I've been changed and I've been reborn. All my life has been reigned. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way on my life. Praise God. has been changed. Though my sins were starling, they're white as snow. I was found, but today I am free. Well, I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind. You ever been there? How many's been changed here tonight? Well, I've been changed. Well, I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. Oh, will at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, then I'll thank him for giving a wretched like me a new home beyond the sky. Well, I've been changed and I've been reborn. Oh, my life has been reed. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has a way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Well, I've been changed and I've been reborn. Amen. You're free to go in the name of the Lord. God bless you. Oh, what a praise God.
