################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - The Word of Your Testimony - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   The Word of Your Testimony
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Testimonies
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJk-jMLraHs
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Let's go. [Music] What's this? [Music] I don't know. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art [Music] welcome in this place. Oh nipple, father of mercy and grace. Thou art welcome in this place. So fill all the hungry and empty within. Restore us. Oh father, revive us again. And Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Thou art welcome in this. We'll sing that chorus one more time. Oh, Holy Spirit, let me hear you sing it. Come in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place on the temp. Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome. I wonder if we can make him welcome with our hands to him one more time. Now with all your hearts, let's sing it. Oh, Holy Spirit, thou art well in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace. Thou art welcome in this place. In everything give him thanks. Give him thanks. In everything give him thanks. Oh, through the good times. Praise his name. In the bad times, do the same. Hit everything. Give the King of Kings all the things. Oh, and everything. Give him thanks. Give him thanks. And in everything, give him [Music] thanks. Oh, in the good times, praise his name. In the bad times, do the same. Did everything. Give the King of Kings. I wonder if we can give him thanks with all our hearts. Now sing it. Oh, everything. Give him thanks. Give him thanks. Yeah. [Music] everything. Give him thanks. Oh, through the bad times. Praise his name. Oh, in the bad times, do the same. In everything. Oh, give the King of Kings all the things. Can you give him a hand? clap of praise this morning. Amen. Is he worthy of our thanks and our praise? Amen. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for Well, I'm keeping my record, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Laying up my treasures in that home above. Trusting fully trusting in the Savior's love. Well, I'm doing what I can for heaven. Holy done. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready to leave this world of sorrow. I'm getting ready for the gates of Pearl. Keeping my record, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Trusting in the riches of his saving grace. In each earthly trial, in his love I can trace. sure that up in heaven I shall find a place. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I Let me hear you sing it now. Well, I'm keeping my record watching. Well, I'm getting ready. Oh, and to prepare a mansion, Jesus said, "I'll go." Well, if it were not true, I would have told you so. Well, just a little while to linger here below. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready and I'm keeping my record right. Keep watching. Oh, I'm getting ready. Sing that chorus one more time. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for the gates of Pearl. Keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Are you getting ready to leave? Let's add one in if we can. May victory is mine. Well, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind. Oh, victory today. Well, when I woke up this morning, well, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." Well, I got up singing and shouting the victory. We're singing, "Victory is mine." Oh, victory is mine. Victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get me behind. Victory today is mine. I know that love is mine. Love is mine. Oh, love today is mine. And I told Satan to give thee behind. Oh, love today. Oh, what about joy? We're singing. Joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine and joy today is mine. And I told Satan give me behind cuz joy today is how about peace now? Well, peace is mine. I said peace is mine. Oh, peace today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz peace today is all mine. Well, happiness is mine. I said happiness is mine. Oh, happiness today is mine. And I told Jason to give me behind. Oh, God. Happiness today. I like the Holy Ghost now. Well, the Holy Ghost is mine. Well, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is all mine. Well, I told Satan to get thee behind and the Holy Ghost today. Turn around, shake somebody's hand as they play it now. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Victory is mine. Well, victory is mine. I said victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get me behind. Victory today is mine. One more time. I know that love is mine. Love is mine. Oh, love today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. His love today is mine. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise if you love him. Man, are you happy to be in church on a Sunday morning? I know it's raining on the outside, but I'm ready for showers of blessings on the inside. And I believe if you came expecting today that you will get exactly what you expect. And so I believe if uh if we just open our hearts today, we will be blessed. Amen. And I wanted to say we want to welcome all of our visitors today. I know they're here for a baby dedication. So uh good to have every one of you here. And there's going to be some others here as well. But Sister Tanya is still with us and she's going to sing for us today again. And we're sure happy about that. Amen. I I do have a um a reminder, a request I need to read to you before I forget. Uh, you're invited to the bridal shower for Bella and Riley at Sister Carla's home. And I've got the address here. If you need it, I can send it to you or get with Sister Carla. Sister Carla does need to know if you're coming uh because there will be a meal served. It is Saturday, May the 3rd at 12:00 noon. So, Saturday, May the 3rd at 12:00 noon. And if you are coming or going to that, uh, please get with Sister Carla. Is that this Saturday? This coming Saturday. Okay. So, um if you can just let her know and and if you need an address, she can tell the address or I can get you the address. And Amen. We just want to support that young couple the best we can. And also, as far as prayer request, uh we do have a request for brother Jonathan Reagan. That's sister Britney's cousin and he's just been really going through it. The devil's fighting him. So, just remember him in prayer. And also u from sister Jane says, "My brother-in-law, is it Glenn Long? Uh he is very sick. Lost his brother a few weeks ago. Him and my sister have a lot of stress in their life. So please pray for them and for God to move." And we know he can, don't we? Amen. Brother Danny, would you come and make your way to the front? And we're going to have Brother Danny take these needs to the Lord. If you have a need on your heart today, would you just let it be known by an uplifted hand? And we know a God who can take care of every need behind those hands. God bless you, brother Danny. Let's bow our head. Heavenly Father, we're thankful this morning, Lord, for this privilege we have to be gathered together here in your house. Lord Jesus, we ask that you would come now, Father, on behalf of these needs that have been mentioned. Lord, you see each and every need. We ask you to come and just touch these people that have needs. Lord, bless each one that's in the house this morning. Lord, we know there's probably many needs here, Lord, that wouldn't read before your on from your desk, Lord. But we know that there's many needy people here, God, that have a need in their heart and life, Father. We just ask you would touch each one. Grant them what they're going through, Lord. Just give them deliverance from it. Father, we ask now that you'd bless the rest of this service, Father. May your blessings be on these tithes and offerings that they would be used for your perfect will, Lord, to further the kingdom of God. Lord, bless each one that's here this morning. Lord, feed us by your word. Bless brother Ben as he comes to minister, Father, just let him deliver his heart, Father. May you speak to each one, Father, in your name we ask it. Amen. You can be seated. Oh, it won't be long. Oh, we'll be going home. Sing it won't be long again. And it won't be long. And it will be leaving me. Yes, it won't be long and we'll be going home. Oh, count the years as months and count the months as weeks. Count the weeks as days, any day now. Oh, we'll be going home. Count the years. Oh, so count the years as [Music] months. And count the months as [Music] weeks. And count the weeks as days. Any day now. Oh, we'll be going one more time. And it won't be long with all your hearts. Oh, it won't be long. You believe it this morning. And then we'll be leaving here. It won't be long. It won't be long. and we'll be going home. Oh, so count the years as much. And count the months as [Music] weeks. And count the weeks as days. any day now. Oh, we'll be going home. You believe that with all your hearts now? Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise. But until then, my heart will go on singing. Oh, and until then with joy I'll carry [Music] on until the day. Mine eyes behold that city until the day God calls me home. One more time with all your hearts now. Oh, but until then my heart will go on singing and until then with joy we're going to carry on until that day. Oh my eyes behold that [Applause] city until the day. We try a verse of that. Call to me. I like the second verse. Let's try that one. Oh, the things of earth will dim and lose their value. If we recall, oh, they're borrowed for a while. and things of earth that cause the heart to tremble. Remember there will only bring a smile with all your hearts now. But until [Music] then my heart will go on singing. And until then with joy I'm going to carry on until the day. My eyes behold that [Music] [Applause] sea until that day God calls. We're going to sing that chorus one more time as sister Tanya comes to sing with all your hearts now. Let me hear you. Oh, but until then my heart will go on. [Music] That day mine eyes behold that sea until the day God calls me Lord, you thankful for that. You're looking forward to that day. Amen. Sister Tanya is going to sing for us. And as soon as she's through, Sister Anna is going to bring us a song. Amen. God bless you. I'm going to be gone in the twinkling of I'm going to be gone. I won't have time to say goodbye. I'm going to be gone. Could be while I'm singing this song. I'm going to be gone and it won't be long. I'm going to be gone. This old world's not getting better. Every day it's getting worse. So much fighting and confusion going on down here on earth. Oh, but I don't let that bother me cuz I'm not here to stay. I know my Lord is coming soon and I'll be called away. Oh, I'm going to be gone in those weeks. Oh, and I'm going to be gone. I won't have time to say goodbye. I'm going to be gone. Could be while I'm singing this song. I'm going to be gone and it won't be long. I'm going to be gone. Well, it could be just any morning. It could be at night or noon. We don't know just when he's coming, but we know he's coming soon. I can say with calm assurance, this old world is not my home. And one of these days you're going to look for me. Praise God. I'm going to be gone. Oh, I'm going to be gone in the weekly know. And I'm going to be gone. I won't have time to say goodbye. I'm going to be gone. It could be while I'm singing it song. Going to be gone and it won't be long. I'm going to be gone. Well, it could be just any morning. It could be at night or noon. We don't know just when he's coming, but we know he's coming soon. I can say with calm assurance, this old world is not my home. And one of these days you're going to look for me. Praise God. I'm going to be gone. Oh, I'm going to be gone in the twigs laying over and I'm going to be gone. I won't have time to say goodbye. Going to be gone. Could be while I'm singing this song. going to be gone and it won't be long. I'm going to be gone. I'm going to be gone. Oh, in those weeks clean and I'm going to be gone. I won't have time to say goodbye. I'm going to be gone. It could be while I'm singing this song. Going to be gone and it won't be long. I'm going to be gone. [Music] [Applause] You enjoy that? Amen. [Music] [Music] We're all on a journey. And we're called to walk by faith. It'll always be the mountains and valleys in our way. Right here in this moment, may our strength be renewed as we recall what God has done and how we've seen him move. If there's anybody here who's found in faith, anybody here who knows he's able, say amen. If there's anybody here who's seen his power, anybody here brought through the fire, say amen. Anybody here found joy in the midst of sorrow? Peace in the storm. Hope for tomorrow. And you've seen it time and time again. Just say [Music] amen. Sometimes through the darkness it gets hard to see. Be bold and courageous and follow where he leads. Greater is the one who's in us than he who's in the world. So child of God, remember the battle is the Lord. If there's anybody here who's found in faith, anybody here who knows he's able, say amen. If there's anybody here who's seen his now, anybody here all through the fire, say amen. Everybody here found joy in the midst of sorrow, peace in the storm, hope for tomorrow, and you've seen it time and time again. Just say, "Amen." Just say, "Amen. [Music] Even in the valley of the shadow, when you feel alone in the unknown, just say amen. Just say amen. [Music] Even when the storms are raging, standing on you're not forsaken. Just say amen. Just say amen. If there's anybody here who's found in faith, anybody here who knows he's a say amen. If there's anybody here who's seen his power, anybody here brought through the fire, saybody here found joy in the midst of sorrow, peace in the stor, hope for tomorrow, and you seen it time and time again. Just say amen. Just stand and testify of the greatness of God in our lives. If there's anybody here who's found in faith, anybody here who knows he's able, say amen. If there's anybody here who's seen his power, anybody here brought through the [Applause] fire, say amen. Anybody here found joy in the midst of sorrow, peace in the storm, hope for tomorrow, and you seen it time and time again. Just say amen. Just say amen. Just say amen. [Music] [Applause] Well, you ought to be able to say amen after that. Can you say amen? Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise. Man, if you found joy in the midst of the trial, Tell you what, we could just we can just testify that we had to say amen to get through a lot of battles. When you don't feel like saying amen, that's the time to say amen. Amen. Let's stand together. Well, let's go ahead and just keep on our list. You can go ahead and stand with me. You sound better when you're standing up. I haven't sung this song in a long time, but I got to think of who who I am. I can see now by the message of the hour who I am. Aren't you thankful for the message? Anybody thankful for the message? Say amen. Amen. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free. And he made my heart his very throne. [Music] Oh, my life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I [Music] live to praise. Oh, can you praise him here this morning? Oh, who I am, Lord. Oh, who I [Applause] [Music] am. Well, I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's [Music] predestination of who I am. I like this one. on Calary. He died to redeem his lost bride. The King of [Music] Kings. He became my Savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I. Oh, think about it now. Might be made one. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, who I am. Lord. Oh, who I am. Yes, I can see now who I [Music] [Applause] am. Well, I'm a part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's a [Music] revelation. It's predestination. Oh yes, it is of who. One more time with all your hearts. You know who you are this morning. Oh, who I am, Lord. who I am. Oh, I can't see now who I [Music] am. Well, I'm a part of my [Music] savior, a part of his word. It's a [Music] revelation. It's [Music] predestined of who I am. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Aren't you thankful for the word of the Lord? Amen. We're going to invite the pastor to come and we do have a baby dedication this morning. So, uh, it'll take just a little bit, but u, aren't you thankful to have babies to dedicate? Amen. Amen. So, we're going to invite the pastor at this time. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. Can we just make him welcome just as the word is getting ready to go forth and how many's ready for the word this morning because that is that's what sustains us and gives us life. And so, we're thankful for it. Let's sing this with all your hearts now. This is your house. All come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer. Where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and this is your house. This is your house. [Music] Come and dwell one more time. Oh, this is your house. Oh, Father, come. Is that your desire this morning? This is your house. The holy house of prayer where the Lord bring their burdens and their car. This is your house. Oh, this is your house. Come and dwell. Can we raise our hands to him and say, "This is your house, Lord. Your house, Father, come and dwell. This is your house." It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their care. This is your house. This is your house. Come and wear. Amen. You're grateful to be in his house and to be his house this morning. God bless you. If you could be seated just for a moment, if the musicians would stay for just a moment. A few years ago, we had a uh a uh uh meeting and uh I remember uh brother Gabe was looking for a wife and uh at that time and uh he was he told me before that he said, "I don't want a girlfriend." He said, "I'm looking for a wife." and we'd been counselled with him talking to him and and a young lady showed up at the meeting and who I knew who I'd had I'd seen her and seen her Christian testimony and things and and we were trying to get him to talk and David and I and didn't seem like they but Gabe was too uh you know he was a little shy but we kind of prodded him in that direction pushed him and pulled him and things like that and he finally went over there and talked to her and a year later they were married and uh and and then the devil give them a really hard time after they got married. And and uh you want to have uh children. That's the fruit of a marriage. And it was something very difficult. But I've asked Sister Millie this morning uh if she's able to to give her testimony. She You're already up here, aren't you? On this side of me. I forget that you are back playing again. We're so thankful to have her back playing the violin. So, she's just going to come here to the uh right right over here and give her testimony this morning and uh of how this went. It's a miracle that we have this baby to dedicate this morning. So, as I was writing this out to try and condense it all, it really just impacted me of how many things went into this testimony. Little things that if we told it all, it would take all day. But I tried to condense it as best I could. Um, our testimony really begins um when we got married in uh 2022. I had rheumatoid arthritis. Um, and due to the medications I was on, we couldn't have a baby because of the side effects, what would happen to the baby. Um, and that really that really grieved us and there was no way for me to get off the medication because of how severe the RA was. Well, Gabe started really praying and claiming that at the July meetings I would be healed of RA and we went through the prayer line and God miraculously healed me. I never had to take another medication, no pain after that. Then in 2023, we were told that we would not be able to have a baby and if we wanted to try, it would take extensive um intervention from the medical field. That really broke our hearts. Well, again, it was in the spring when that we were told that. So that summer, we went through the prayer line again. We claimed our healing. We claimed our promised baby. We picked out a name and we held on to faith that we would hold our child during the journey and the wait for that because it is a journey. We lost two. But we rejoiced that they even existed because their lives were a testimony. Yes. Because we did get pregnant. We did have babies. During the journey of that time, there was so many things that God sent us. so many just pastors or preachers giving sermons or encouragement to help us through that time of struggle. We finally were pregnant with our Lizzy. During the pregnancy, we had a really hard time, both her and I. Satan really fought us, but God was faithful. Then she was born and we rejoiced thinking that it was over. She We had her in our arms. She was safe. But three days later, we were in the NICU. This was the hardest three days of the whole journey. There was a point where we were in the Ronald McDonald home and Lizzie was down in her room and we were just praying and crying out to God just pleading and kind of upset after everything. Here we were. And the song came back to me and the story of Isaac and Abraham. And Isaac had to lay his child on the altar to give it back to the Lord, knowing that he could lose that child. He had to get to that point to where he was okay in a sense of I know you'll get me through somehow. Yeah. So Gabe and I prayed and we just told the Lord, you know, you gave her to us and we rejoiced that we held our promised baby and if you take her, we don't know how, but we know we'll be okay. Little did we know in the room, Lizzy was having one of the hardest episodes she had had, and there was just this pressure to go down to her. and we rushed into her room and right behind us a nurse and a doctor had come in but as soon as we stepped in the room she stabilized and it was over. She didn't have another issue that we went to the ENT and he was like she might have it, she might not. But we just praise the Lord know that she was healed that night. Again, there was just so many little things that happened and if I went into it all, it would take all day. But we just want to thank the Lord for Elizabeth Joanne and her name means God's promise or his oath and God's grace and she is a true representation of that. Thank you. [Applause] They're getting ready to come for the dedication. Make it should make us all believe anything is possible. You're going to be tested, but you're going to have a testimony in the end. Yes. Amen. Just put it right over here. [Music] Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. [Music] My, she is a perfect angel. She is in daddy's eyes and she is in God's eyes. What a miracle little Elizabeth Joanne has been. We just want to dedicate her to the Lord this morning. Even dedicating her, we had to change the date because I was going to be gone and then didn't work out. But I believe it was a predestined moment for this morning that we would do this. And so we're just going to offer her back to the Lord. Of course, your life is what dedicates her in her life to God. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, I pray for this little precious child, Lord, that you brought here, Lord. All of her life if you Terry, Lord, she'll know that she was a miracle. Lord, we thank you for that testimony, oh God. I pray you'd build a hedge round about her. Lord, there's been so much trouble to this point, but at every moment, Lord, you've met the need, Lord. We're praying for a hedge of protection round about her. We're praying for for healing, Lord. And if there would be sickness or something come, keep it away from her, God. I pray that you just help in her life, Lord, as she grows, may she be raised in the fear and admonition of the Lord. May there be strength in this family, Lord, as they grow to become pillars of the church. I pray God you'd keep them as Satan would try to come around and say, "Lord, that they're not worthy." May they point back to this and say, "But God has testified that we are your ch his children." Lord, I pray you'd grant it today. Protect the family. Bless them financially, spiritually, in every way. May they be a blessing and their life be a testimony to all others. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. God bless you guys. We love you so much. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Could we sing um I love you Lord and I lift my voice. Let's stand together. Oh, I love Just lift your hands to me and sing it now. And I lift my voice oh to worship. Oh, is this his presence precious with us today? Oh my soul, rejoice. Oh, take joy my ear. Oh, thank you, Lord. What you hear? Oh, may be a sweet, sweet sound in your I know we've had a lot of singing. Let's just sing it one more time. Welcome him in our midst this morning. Oh, I want to say I love you, Lord. Oh, I lift my voice this morning. Oh, I lift my voice. Hallelujah. Oh, to worship you, oh my soul. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you, Lord. Oh, take your my king. Thank you, Jesus. In what you hear. Oh, may be a sweet sweet sound in [Music] your Oh, thank you, Lord. Turn to the the scriptures if you would to Revelation chapter 12. Revelation chapter 12. Thank you for the music this morning. Wasn't the song service wonderful? Oh my. One of the highlights of my life, brother Gabe, is going to be this service and remembering what God has done. Amen. We just love the Lord. Looking forward to having meetings again. And and uh God can heal you anytime, but just the atmosphere of the meetings and things. And I remember Gabe and Millie holding on to that promise. We're going to come to this meeting expecting God to perform this healing. And he did. Hallelujah. You get what you expect. you get what you expect from this service this morning. Amen. Amen. Do you love him this morning? Revelation 12 and verse 10. I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, now is come salvation and strength and the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our brethren is cast down. Now notice the setting. The accuser of the brethren. It's a courtroom. He's the prosecuting attorney and he is cast down which accused them before our God day and night and they overcame him or they won the case by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony and they love not their lives unto the death. I want to speak to you this morning on the word of your testimony. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just want to ask you to be with us this morning as we know you already are. I pray that the words that I would say, Lord, would be clear in the hearts of the people. May it only be your words. We pray this morning. I pray you'd help me, Lord, to be able to say what needs to be said and nothing else. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you this morning. A testimony in the dictionary is a solemn declaration or affirmation made for the purpose of establishing or proving some fact. A a declaration or affirmation made for the purpose of establishing or proving some fact. Brother Brandham tells us that everything that God has made testifies of him. He said you could actually go out in nature and if you never had a Bible, he said you could watch nature and know that the Bible was true because nature testifies. Brother Bruce, I know you're a hunter and different ones are hunters and you if you go out in nature, it's more to it than just hunting. I know. But it's looking at what God has made and you're seeing that uh that it's a testimony. The trees are a testimony of the grace of God and the resurrecting power of Jesus Christ. And everything God has made is a testimony. It establishes the fact that our God is an awesome God and he is a creator of the heavens and the earth. And so uh here that John in the scripture he said the brethren they the brethren overcame Satan in this courtroom by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. Now uh in the old testament let's look at the blood of the lamb first because that's what we have to have. That's the first witness that we have to have for us. It's the blood of the lamb. In the Old Testament, the standard was set that no one would be judged by the testimony of one accuser. Whenever the devil comes to you and tries to tell you, "Well, uh, you're you're a you're not going to make it. You're not worthy. Look at what you've done. Look at what you've been." Remember, he's only one accuser, and no one can be judged by one accuser or by one witness. But there is a witness for you and that witness is the blood of Jesus Christ. So the the blood is for you. Satan is against you but the blood is for you. The Bible says one witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity or for any sin and any sin that he sinnth. At the mouth of two witnesses or at the mouth of three witnesses shall the matter be established. So, uh, in fact, you could take that down through scripture and you find that even to bring an accusation against an elder, you've got to have two or three witnesses. You can't you can't even hear an accusation without two or three witnesses. Is that right? Because it it's establishing something in our hearts that that only one person alone cannot take you out. Listen, I did not put you in this message. I can't take you out of it. I didn't make you a Christian. I can't uncchristianize you. I'm one man, but something speaks for you if you're a Christian today. The devil may be against you. The world may be against you, but something speaks for you. And that's the blood of Jesus Christ. Now, our our testimony is good if we would testify. But who will testify with us, right? You say, "I'm a Christian." And that's good. But who will testify with you that you're a Christian? There must be another witness who bears the same witness that you are a believer, that you are a Christian, that you have been healed, that you are saved, and all of these things. So, there must be a witness. And we find when Cain killed Abel, Abel's blood was actually a witness. Now, now stay with me this morning. I'm not going to hold you long. I I promise. I know it's it's been a little bit longer pre-ervice than normal, but it's okay. We're going to let you out before the second service. It'll all be okay. But when Cain killed Abel, Abel's blood was a witness. Yes, it was a witness against him. Right. And and the Bible says, he said, "What has thou done?" The voice of thy brother's blood crith unto me from the ground. So the life that was in the blood, once the blood had been spilled, it was evidence. It was a witness against Cain and it said, "What have you done?" Yeah. Right? What have you done? It said guilty. Right? It was evidence. Oh, come on. It was evidence that he was guilty. But this blood that was shed for us, it's not an evidence of guilt, but it's an evidence of forgiveness. It's an evidence of innocence. It's an evidence that the price has been paid. It's an evidence that things are different now than what they used to be. And it's a testimony for us in God's courtroom that says, "I agree that they are saved. I agree." We're not just saying that. We believe it because we have the blood of the lamb on our side. Hallelujah. As the blood of Abel spoke a negative testimony, so the blood of Christ speaks a positive testimony and says you're healed and you're saved. You say, "Brother Ben, you're you're too positive. You need to you need to deal with some things." And you know, sometimes we have to deal with some things. But let me say this. If you could ever recognize that the blood speaks for you, if you could ever recognize that uh that that the that the book is for you. It's not against you. The Bible is for you. Brother said, "I used to think that God was against me and Christ was for me and I found out they're the same person. All of heaven is for you. And if you could ever accept that, you'd dress right, you'd act right, you'd live right, because you know you'd want to please that one who spoke for you." Hallelujah. Hebrews 12:22 says, and then Paul's gone into a little a little statement there. He says, "You're not come to uh the law and to the to the uh mount of there, Mount Orb, where the law was given." He said, "But you're coming to Mount Zion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, to an innumerable company of angels, to the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, to God the judge of all, to the spirits of just men, made perfect." I love that. Made perfect. And to Jesus, the mediator of the new covenant, to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel. Better things. Brother says, "Abel was a righteous man. He died. He died innocent because he was in the way." That's what he was called in the in the New Testament. That's what they called him before they were known as Christians. It was just the way. He said, "I want to be in the way." Amen. In the way of of Christ. He said he was in the way. He was in the way. Standing for the real revelation he had. He spoke. It cried out. The justice blood of Abel cried out against Cain. But the blood of Jesus Christ not only cried out, but it redeemed. Can we? That ought to make us excited this morning. If there's anything that ought to make us happy in the house of God, it's that the blood of Jesus spoke for us and it spoke better things than than Satan's uh Satan's lies against us. It speaks better things. It makes you sons and daughters. It hides you from the wrath of God. See, the blood of Abel could not hide Cain, but the blood of Jesus can. Listen to me this morning. And if you're if you're doubting what what you are and where you stand and you think, well, maybe you you don't know, well, I don't know if I want to be a Christian. I don't want know if I want to live like that, live according to the word. Why don't you come on over here where the table is spread and where the the blood of Abel couldn't hide Cain, but this blood can hide every sin. It can free you. Say, you say, "You don't know what I've done, but this blood is not limited by what you've done. It don't matter what you've done. He's able to cleanse you." Amen. I realize there's scars in our life we can never get past in the sense that we can do things that here are never right, but it will not be held against us there. We will Oh, hallelujah. We're going to the same heaven as everybody else. Come on. So, you might be the rottenest person. You might have given up all your chances to ever ever stand in the assembly and preach the gospel or do something like that. People may never trust you again. But I'm here to tell you, if you're going to heaven, if you've been covered by the blood, you're the same as anybody else when it comes to the grace of God and the blood of God. There's nothing against you. All the sin has been wiped away. I'm so grateful for that this morning. We need to start acting like that. We need to start treating people like that. You're my brother. You're my sister. I you know you what you did is is one thing, but if you've repented and you're living a a life worthy of the gospel, let me let me grab a hold of your hand and and make you feel welcome in the house of God. Are you with me now? Again, there's things that can affect your life and we know that and church discipline and things, but when it comes to heaven and whether we're going or not, if you're saved, you're going as much as I'm going. All right? Right? Because the same blood, brother Isaac, the same blood that speaks for me speaks for you. The same blood that come and spoke for my family and brought us changed my family history. That same blood is changing your family history. Changing everything about you. That same blood is here this morning to do the same thing. Hallelujah. Paul tells us by faith Abel's blood spoke. By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain by which he obtained witness that he was righteous God testifying of his gifts. Whose gifts? Abel's gifts. Right. Abel brought the gifts and God testified that what Abel brought was right. And by it he being dead yet speaketh. Yeah. By faith. Now watch. So he testified that Abel's sacrifice was correct. Now how does God testify? Have you ever thought about that? How does God testify? And brother Brandham says it very very simply. He said the word is the testimony of God. Right? You know why we call it the Old Testament and the New Testament, right? It's the Old Test, right? Because a testament is a testimony in court, right? That this is the will, right? That gives the inheritance. Hallelujah. So the testament is simply a testimony. I've signed many of them in my time because I work for an attorney and you sign the will and and and witnesses sign it because they say this is the testimony of the person who died, right? The person who died when you go to make a will. This is the testimony. When I'm dead, I want this to go to him and this to go to her and so much to go to him and so much to go to her. Don't you? He said, "This is my testament, right? This is the Old Testament." The Old Testimony. And under the Old Testament, there was the blood of bulls and goats. Under the Old Testament, he testified that Abel's sacrifice was right. But it was just a shadow of the New Testament, which was not a blood that could cleanse for a year, not a blood that could cleanse for a short amount of time, but a blood that could cleanse for forever, for eternity. Are you with me this morning? A blood that was the same yesterday, today, and forever. Right. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The the the Old Testament, the law was actually called the testimony. the testimony. That's what it was called. And in Exodus 25:16, it says, "Thou shalt put into the ark the testimony." So, the testimony has got to go into the ark. I'm so glad Millie gave that testimony today because it fits just right in with what we're what we're preaching on. Lord put on my heart. So, God's testimony was his covenant with Israel. His covenant was was confirmed by the blood of animals. Hebrews 9:22 tells us there's no remission without shedding of blood. Abraham's covenant was even confirmed by blood. When he said he told God, he said, "How will I know this?" We preached on it. I won't go back over it today. But but Jehovah confirmed by blood. Brother said he was making a confirmation of the covenant by the shed blood of the clean offered to animals. It was God's testimony. It's one thing for Abraham to testify and say, "I'm a child of God. I've been called by God." But it was another thing for God to come down and testify. Abraham, you're my son. Abraham, this is my covenant. I will make of you a great nation. God testified of his gifts. Listen, he was making confirmation of the covenant. Brother Brandon again teach us the word is God's testimony. It's sealed by blood and Jesus is the word. John 1:14 said the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. He was God's testimony. Listen, he was God's testimony of a better covenant, a blood that speaks better things, right? Why would you want to live under the old covenant, the the lesser covenant, the worst covenant, right? Why would you want to live under the law when you could live under grace? I've said it many times, but a lot of people are trying to live the law without a sacrifice. Because if you go back and make all the holy days, say, "Well, we're going to keep the feast days. We're not going to eat bacon. We're we're not going to Oh, Lord, what a doctrine. We're not going to We're we're not going to do this and we're not going to do that and we're going to we're going to bind the fractures on of our garments and and bind the law between our face and things like that. But don't you realize that just spoke of a day when God said, "I'm going to bind it to your heart. I'm going to put it in your heart. Write it in your heart." They said, "I'm going to do all of that." But when you get done doing all of that, you're living a law and you got no sacrifice because there's no animal sacrifice in Jerusalem today. They've never been able to recreate it. But they can't even get a red heer. But for you and I, come on church. There's a sacrifice made once for all. That never diminishes. We're not looking at every cow to see if it's all completely red. Come on, church. That's what they're doing. The Jews are over there looking at every Keer. They raise them and and and they've never been able to produce one that was every hair of it was red. But I'm here to tell you that the word of God produced himself a spotless lamb without spot or wrinkle. Hallelujah. Examined by Pilate. examined by those that were standing there. And yet he spoke for us. They never found a fault in him because there was no fault in him. He was God's testimony of a better covenant. When he died on the cross, his blood spoke not against us because the blood could not speak a different thing than the life. Luke 23:34, he said, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing." And we have forgiveness through the testimony of the blood. What does the blood testify today? Brother Brown said the blood is speaking. Then the blood has got a voice and the voice of the blood is the word. He said that's what makes it whether it's right or wrong. The word is identified by the voice of the blood. The voice of the blood is the Holy Ghost. He said that brings life. It is life and it brings life to the word and quickens it. Sure. The blood speaks. It it's it's not a silent blood. It's a speaking blood. If we can ever get that revelation, the blood is not silent. It's not passive in our lives. is active in our lives. That's why when you make a mistake, you don't have to go get saved again. Why you have an advocate with the father? Are you with me this morning? The blood still speaks for you. Yeah. You young people need to recognize that. Us old people need to recognize that. I don't have to start over again. When I make a mistake, the blood speaks for me. It spelt for me yesterday. It'll speak for me today. It'll speak for me tomorrow if there is a tomorrow. The blood speaks on my behalf. Yeah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm sorry. I feel like I'm screaming at you this morning, but it just stirs my heart. The blood speaks it speaks a better thing. The Old Testament, the blood spoke of guilt. In the New Testament speaks of redemption. And the Old Testament spoke of death and sorrow. In the New Testament, it speaks of resurrection and life. It speaks of healing. It speaks of joy. It speaks of power. It speaks of life. It speaks of heaven. Oh, come on. I know people tell you, "Well, we got the blood. The blood speaks for us, but there's no joy in their step and there's no power in their testimony and there's no there's no ability to change anything. It's just a dead cold form of religion. The blood doesn't speak dead things. The blood is life. It's the voice of life. The Holy Ghost is the voice of a living church, a living God. Preach. Speaks of heaven. The blood of Jesus Christ covers all. Someone say all. All of our sins. speaks peace and resurrection, power and life and healing and all the redemptive blessings that the blood was shed for. It speaks for us. Hallelujah. But the testimony of the blood did not end because there had to be a word of our testimony. Remember, it takes two witnesses. Right? So, the blood speaks for me, but who is the second witness? Now, come on, church. The blood speaks for me, but I've got to speak. Right. And agree with what the blood says. Agree with what has been spoken inspired by the spirit. Are you with me now? That's why I agree with the Bible 100%. I agree with the message of the hour 100%. Why? Because it's the voice of the blood speaking when that becomes quickened to me. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost comes in my life. It becomes reality in my life. Yes. Amen. The testimony of the blood did not end that day on Calvary. But when the blood cell was broken, it become life. Hallelujah. The life of it was released. And that's the blood today. Brother says, "It's not the chemical of the blood, but it's the life of the blood." So, we could say it like this. How important is the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Why Why do we want our children to receive it? Why do we want our adults to receive it? We We must have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. If you're not sure, I'd be seeking it. If you're or or I would be settling that and and making sure you got your steak driven down. You say, "Well, I didn't have an experience like somebody else." But maybe God allowed you to have an experience for you and and there were many different experiences even in the New Testament. But I'll say this, it changed their life every time. A hundred times out of a hundred. It may not always speak with tongues. It may not always be in an altar. It may not always do that, but it will always change your life. That's right. And the fruit of it will be seen. Amen. And but it's the Holy Ghost. It's the life of the bleeding word that speaks forgiveness for you. Brother Brandham said the New Testament means new covenant. The blood means life. The New Testament is the Holy Ghost testim. The Holy Ghost giving testimony. Oh God, do you realize that happens? Our sister gave a testimony today. And that that's that's her voice giving a testimony. But the Holy Ghost has given testimony that what she says is true. Now listen to me. I'm going to take this somewhere because a real testimony she was telling a fact that we that doctors have said is true and we can see is true because of a baby. But what about a testimony we can't see yet? Come on church. What about testifying when we can't see it yet? And when everything that's the moment you got to stand and say, "I know he's my healer. I know he's my savior. People might laugh at me, make fun of me, but I know I'm healed. I got a testimony. The blood agrees with me." Hallelujah. You say, "Well, my family's all tore up and there's all kinds of stress and strife in the home." Listen, you don't have to live like that. The blood agrees with me. I can have peace in my family. The blood speaks that. Speaks better things than the old ways. Speaks better things than the abuse of the old covenant. But it speaks of life and peace and health and love. Are you with me now? The old covenant said if a man did something to you, you had a right to do something to him. But the new covenant speaks better things. He said, "If a man does something to you," he said, "You give him twice as much as he asked for because you're going to be recompensed in the end." What was it? It speaks better things. The life of the bleeding word that speaks forgiveness for you. I know that's a hard a hard thing. You know, a lot of people don't have really a problem accepting the message in the sense that God sent a prophet, but they have a hard time believing making the word a reality. And sometimes it's as simple as as just forgiving people. Just not being a a tattle a tail bearer, tattletail, not being a gossip, living right and acting right. Why? Because But that word will become action in your life if you'll let it. He's still alive to make the word live in your life. But sometimes you got to speak it before you see it. Yeah. Oh my. Are you with me now? You got to testify, sir. Glory to God. Oh, I'm so thankful. Look at this. The New Testament means new covenant. The blood means life. The New Testament is the Holy Ghost test. The Holy Ghost giving testimony of what Jesus Christ has raised from the dead, showing Jesus has met every requirement for us and is alive today. But the Brennham taught us that only those truly filled with the Holy Ghost can witness the resurrection. That's why Jesus told the disciples in Acts 18, he said, "You will become witnesses after you receive power to do it." Right? You got to have power to become witnesses and the Holy Ghost is the one that makes you a witness in the courts. But the prince said there's two kind of witnesses that will stand. That's eye or ear. He said now if you're sitting in a room and looking through a glass and see an accident. So if you're way off looking through binoculars, they don't accept your testimony because it might have changed. But if you were up close and saw it, you actually saw it, they'll take your testimony. Or if you actually heard it, but you had to be, he said you had to be close enough. you you have to be right there close to really know what you're talking about before you can be a witness. You have to hear it. You have to see it before you can be a witness on a severe case in the courts. You can't say, "Miss so and so told me or Mr. So and so, right? It's hearsay." They'll strike it from the record. They ain't going ain't going to listen to it. Right. Right. They don't go by hearsay. He said he's a witness, but you're not. So, brother Reverend so and so might have the Holy Ghost. Brother so and so might they're healing brother so and so. You're a witness. But you want to be a witness. I want to be a witness. Well, well, my brother's a preacher. My dad's a preacher. My my my grandpa was a preacher, and I've got a good family, and I know people who go to church, but you got to be a witness. That's right. Of the resurrection of Christ. He says, "So therefore, no man can exactly witness to the resurrection of Christ only by the Holy Spirit. You have to be a personal witness. a personal witness yourself, being there, knowing something about it, knowing what you're talking about. Again, he said, "Not when you join the church, you'll be a witness. Not when you become a deacon, you'll be a witness. Not when you're ordained a minister, you shall become a witness. But when the Holy Ghost has come upon you, he said, then you'll be a witness." A witness must be someone with an experience. Must know something. Hallelujah. You realize that's why we need healing today. We need to experience the power of God today. We need to experience. You say, "Well, I know what he did through brother Brandon, but we need to experience that today." Yes. Why? Because we need living witnesses, right? As someone mentioned to me, I was telling brother Andrew Glover, he said, you know, he said the the the girl who whose eyes were blind there in Jonesboro, the story that we hear, brother Brandon, according to the testimony, Brother Billy Paul, he brother Brandon said that he said, "What color eyes do you want?" And put them eyes, I believe it was in Jonesboro, put the eyes back in. And but he told the testimony of that girl and he said but you know the living witness would be the girl. They might have wrote about it in the newspaper. They might have they might have told about it. Brother Brandham told about it but the living witness was the girl. I believe we've got some living witnesses among us of the power of God. We're not just relying on a story though. We believe the story but those witnesses come together. The story of what happened yesterday. We believe it because we know what's happened today in our lives. Amen. Right. Right. Are you with me now? Yeah. And so witnessing, I'm kind of getting ahead of myself, but witnessing is experience is is is speaking with the blood. So I want to ask you something. If you witnessed yesterday, why can't you witness today? Come on. You say, "But you don't know what I'm going through today." But is he not the same? Is the blood still speaking the same thing today as it did yesterday? Yeah. Right. But people get down and they say, "Well, I can't act in church like I, you know, today cuz, you know, I did this or that or I messed up or I whatever the situation might be, but the blood still speaks the same." Amen. Come on, church. Well, I don't feel good today, but the blood still speaks the same. Let my voice agree with the blood in the house of God. As they sang earlier, let me say amen. When the word of God is preached, I'm not agreeing with my feelings. I'm not agreeing with what I think. I'm not agreeing with my opinion. I'm agreeing with the blood of Jesus Christ, the blood of the lamb. Let my voice agree with the blood. Say, well, it doesn't matter if I agree or not. It doesn't matter if I'm if I'm in the ser if I'm in with the service or with it or not. It matters to your kids. Matters to your grandkids. It matters to your pastor. It matters. Brother Brand said ministers love to preach in a place where they know. He said that people back the word. He said because when people backed I'm thankful that you backed the word this morning. He said ministers love to preach in a place like that. He said because it's the sound of a rushing mighty wind about to fall. Right? Hallelujah. It matters to people around you. Don't matter whether I say amen or raise my hand or whatever you might do. You don't have to act crazy. But but acknowledge when you acknowledge the word is true. What is it? A testimony. You're agreeing that that's the blood speaking the word. Yeah. Brother Brandon said, "You got to be an eye or ear witness." You got to know something before you can be a witness. You got to know something before you can be a witness of God. All God- called witnesses are people with experience of knowing what they're speaking about. He said, "We have an experience of the witnesses of God in Phoenix tonight and all over the world are those who has experienced the resurrection of Jesus Christ." Oh, can you imagine what it must have been like? You know, you go to the meetings. Some of you all may have been there. I know sister brother, sister Curtis were in the meetings and I believe they were and and some of the other elders have been. And I've been my privilege to be around many. Maybe we'll talk about a testimony later. But but as I think about this, what it would have been like to have been there and and some of those people were healed in previous meetings. And so the testimony just kept growing and growing and growing. And that's how so many people showed up at Jonesboro's personal testimony. They didn't advertise all over the country, but 25,000 people showed up in Jonesboro, which was not near as big as it is now. And they showed up in Jonesboro for a meeting. Why? because people got healed and people testified of being healed. And so they come to the place where they could be healed. And so what happened is as you can you can imagine what it must have been like. He said all over the world and one place brother Brandham said that he said he'd just been to the world's fair. He said and they had exhibits of man's achievement. He said but I'm here in the meeting. He said to show an exhibit of God's achievement. He said a spiritual world's fair. Do you ever think of yourselves as an exhibit? Come on, church. You go in a museum and some of y'all agree with me too much. You know, everybody's looking at me. You ever feel clumsy? I've been that way. I just That's just who I am. You know, if I can mess something up, I will. I was in a meeting one time, a men's meeting, you know, and I'm a preacher and dignified and everything, but we got there late and and first of all, lost my keys and uh I had dropped them in the back of the van. And so it took me about 45 minutes to find my keys. And I rushed inside and got my room because they about to shut off the rooms inside the uh inside the building that people were going home and rushed inside and got my room and and and got in my room and took a shower and left. And then uh brother Matt uh he probably don't remember this. Brother Matt uh uh helped me out uh uh that preached here a while back. Watkins. Watkins. Brother Matt Watkins. Thank you. He uh he was uh he was standing up there in the pulpit and he said he said, "Whoever just took a shower in someone else's room. Please get up because they're about to leave and go." Well, there's nothing to do. Everybody else is seated. I get up and walk out. Well, I went down there and they'd given me the wrong key, but nobody else knew that. They thought I just broke into somebody's room. Felt like an exhibit. That's where I'm going with that. felt like an exhibit. You ever feel like an exhibit in life, but oh church, you are an exhibit. You're an exhibit of the love of God, Brother Justin. You're an exhibit of the mercy of God, what God has done in your life. You You're on exhibit to the world. You're a testimony at work. You're a testimony where you live. You're on exhibit. God has placed you on exhibit and said, "This is what I can do in a life. This is how a life can be changed. This is how a life can be different." Yes. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon said, "You you can only experience it by the witness of the Holy Spirit." And he said, "How long was it to last?" In Acts 2:38, Peter tells us this experience was for you and to your children to them as far off, even as many as our Lord our God shall call. He said, "That's how far the witness should be. And as long as God calls, God called witnesses must have the experience." See, the Holy Ghost in us testifies even when we don't say a word. Yeah. Right. So it's not just testify with our voice. Although we do that. I we need to do more of that. I've been convicted of that recently. We need to do more of our tell our testimony a little more. But but it's the Holy Ghost in our life that testifies. Your love for people, the action you take with your family and with people around you testifies who you are, right? Amen. Your reaction to persecution, your willingness to testify in spite of it is itself a testimony. Your reaction to the things that preceded the the miracle is in itself a testimony. Hallelujah. See, if you never went through anything, you'd never have any testimony. But when you've been through something, can somebody witness with me this morning? When you've been through some things, you got a testimony. Amen. You've been you've you've seen some things. And the Bible says this. He said, "Be before all of these," he's talking about the end time events that would come. He said, "Before all of these, they shall lay their hands on you and persecute you, delivering you up to the synagogues and into prisons and being brought before kings and rulers for my name's sake. And it shall turn to you for a testimony." In other words, it'll be favorable to you. It'll be an opportunity for you to have a testimony. The Greek word for testimony that Paul uses when he says you'll overcome by the blood of the lamb and the word of your testimony is marturion. Marturion, which is where we get the word martyr. martyr and a martyr. The word mart it became the word for someone who died uh in service of the Lord and and in and and wouldn't give up their testimony because it's actually the word testimony. A martyr is a testifier. It became synonymous with a person giving their life for the gospel because at that day it was a death sentence to to publicly identify as a Christian or to bear witness to the power of Christ. Let me ask you something this morning. If if you you know, some of you drive a good distance to to to church. If you knew that if you got stopped on your way to church and they asked you what you were doing and you told them you were on your way to worship God, that that was a death sentence. I wonder how many people would come to church. Boy, it got awful quiet, didn't it? You got to think about that, don't you? If somehow you got stopped, Brother Stewart got stopped, it'd be for speeding. But, you know, if he got stopped on the way to church, I say that because one time when him and sister Allison were dating, we're just according I I uh he he come to church here and I was preaching a youth meeting and uh I made an illustration. I said, "Like, like, brother Stewart, he probably got stopped on the way here." And he did. So, but what if you got stopped and you knew that they found out you were a Christian, it was a death sentence. Would you still go to church? What about our ladies who dress so differently from the world? They did then, too. If you knew that they figured out that you were Christians, did you know how many have seen this trend? I don't want to get real trendy on you, but how many of you seen this trend? this chat GPT where they roast a picture. Oh, nobody's seen it. Yeah. You've seen that, right? Yes. Trip and I have had some fun with that. And and and you see that and we've had some we've had some fun at my expense and at Trip's expense, too. He don't know about that, but but we had uh we roasted pictures or they it roasted picture. But you know what was funny to me? It knew we were Christians. AI recognized Yeah, that it looked like we were going to church that it looked like a Bible study. He kept throwing in Christian references. I'm sitting there thinking, how would it know? We never said the word Christ or God or anything like that, but it just it just somehow knew. Everything we put on there, it knew, you know, you ladies dress like Christians. You look like Christians. In fact, it knew they were homeschooled. So, you know, that's but you know, there there's just something about it there. People can tell what I know I'm taking my time, but I I won't be long this morning. I promise. But I was I was thinking about that. If they could tell and you knew that it was a death sentence, would you still come? They did cuz they had an anointing on them, an ox anointing that allowed them to be overcomers in their age. Listen, there's a lot of things we face today. We may not face that, but we face a lot of persecution and things. But let me testify to you this morning. You've been anointed in the same manner that they were anointed that you can come to the house of God in spite of persecution. Why? You're a martyr. You're a testimony of God's grace. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. every week when they would gather together and take communion. The act of communion proved I know people don't want to take it every we we're going to have to move it would be this next week. We're going to have to move that to next month because I won't be here next week and brother but Joel will be gone too. We're going to have it next month. We usually do it every other month. But I know people don't want to have communion hardly at all anymore and that's up to each church sovereignly in doing that. But for me it's an identification. Brother Brand said it was a showdown and that early church they took it every Sunday. Every time they come together on the first day of the week, they took communion. And when they did, it was a testimony. If a guard had come in and saw them taking communion, they they'd be called off to death. That's right. Yeah. Why? Cuz it identified, right? You might have been able to plead if you didn't take it and say, "Well, I don't take that with them. I'm not one of them." You might have been able to plead yourself off. I was just here because it was a group of people or just here to get the food. But if you were taking the communion, it identified you as a Christian. That's right. Yeah. That's why there's no testimony in hiding in your house and taking communion by yourself and washing your own feet. Right. Communion is not just for us personally. It's a testimony to the world. It's a testimony to the church. This is who I am. This is what I belong to. Yes. If they could do it, if they could gather together, then why can't we gather together and take communion and love each other and and sing the songs of God and not be ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ? This was their testimony. Their marterion. That's what they overcame Satan's testimony by. Satan come up and testified and said, "This was a slave. This was a murderer. This was an evildoer. This was a liar." Paul says, "Such were some of you. This one was a was a homosexual. This one was a lesbian. This one was this, that, or the other. But but the testimony of God spoke for them. And when it did, they spoke and said, "I'm going to identify myself with his testimony." Come on. With the testimony of the blood. And they loved not their lives. Look at that. They loved not their lives. Revelation 12:11. To the death. They loved not their lives. Oh God. Luke 14:26 Jesus said, "If you don't hate your own life," he said, "you cannot be his disciple." He speaks of mother and father and sister and brother. He said, "Even your own life." He's talking about loving yourself less than the gospel. Oh, for a generation of people would love themselves less than the gospel. That's right. Listen, we testify. Why do we testify? We testify because we love him more than anything else. And his spirit in us testifies we're born again. The Bible said the spirit itself beareth witness. Amen. You might doubt my salvation, but the spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we're the children of God. And that spirit is the spirit of truth because it's the spirit of the word. 1 John 5:6, this is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ, not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the spirit that beareth witness. It's the spirit that testifies because the spirit is truth. Hallelujah. What have you overcome, church? I want you to understand as we're moving along towards the end of this sermon. What have you overcome? What is your testimony? What is your testimony? Your testimony is your personal experience of his work in your life. So don't tell me you don't have a testimony. You might have been raised in church, but you still got a testimony. I I I told my kids yesterday, you guys don't know how good you have it. You really don't know how good you have it. As long as I've been involved in ministry, I realize and from my own experience, I know I know things can be bad. I know what being poor is like. I know what hurting is like. I know what I know what family trouble is like. And I tell my kids, I know we don't do everything perfect, but you live in a you live in a good household and you raised in the message, but you still got a testimony, Brother Peter. You still got a testimony. All you young people have a testimony of the grace of God in your life. It's God's work in your life. Whatever that work is, it's your personal experience of that work. It's like Mary testifying to Elizabeth. When Mary, what happened? She said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." There was no sensation at that moment, right? Yeah. Remember when she received it, she received the word. She said, "Be it unto me with no sensation." But then as as the baby grew there, there come a sensation because there something changed her. Are you with me now? But but now what does she do with no sensation? She runs to Elizabeth and she goes and tells Elizabeth and she said, "Oh my," she said, "Elizabeth," she said, "this is what the word says." She began to testify to her. And when she testified, the spirit of God testified in the womb of Elizabeth. A little baby named John that was dead in the womb came to life when Jesus name was mentioned. What could your testimony do this morning? A child of God might come to life because of your testimony of what he's done in your life. Yes, sir. The trouble of Brother said people get saved today and they think, well, maybe I better keep still. My neighbor don't believe in this. You, he said, you never really got saved. I don't believe. No, sir. You can't hold it. You said, 'Th That's right. So, well, I'm afraid to testify of healing. Afraid the doctor won't like it, brother. If you got healed, you'll testify about it. Amen. Don't hold it. Tell it. Tell it out to somebody else. You overcome by the blood of the lamb and your testimony. That's how you overcome. What are you testifying? You're testifying he's alive and his word is true. He said when the inspiration of the Holy Spirit is here to inspire you. Remember, he said God will make your body come into your confession. Oh yes, sir. Hallelujah. So you say, "Well, brother Ben, I don't want to testify anything that isn't true." But we got to remember what's true. The spirit is true. The word is true. That's right. Right. Your feelings aren't true. Your thoughts about the matter aren't necessarily true unless they line up with the word. So we testify according to this standard, not according to our feelings, but according to the voice of the blood. So, Brother Brandon said, "God will make your body come into your confession." I'm confessing skinniness right now. Amen. Praise God. Gabe, your shirt tail was out this morning and I I identify with that. It's difficult. You get that middle-aged spread. Keep a shirt tail in. Now, I've called you out to everybody. Just so comfortable here preaching to y'all, I just feel like I'm talking oneon-one to all of you. I appreciate you making me feel that way. Listen, you got your body's got to come into your confession. If you say you're a drunkard and want to drink, said, "Don't worry. You'll soon be one." That's right. If you say you're a sinner and want to sin, you'll be right into it. Oh my. If you say you're a Christian and believe it all along, your testimony will bring you right into it. Listen to me, church. Some of y'all, I know you face tough decisions and things, but what you need to do is have a testimony. This is what's going to happen in my life. This is what I believe God's going to put me where he wants me. He's going to have me in the job he wants me in. He's going to have me in the place he wants me in. He's going to have me with the right person or the right husband or the right wife. And I'm going to speak my testimony. And then I'm going to walk right into my testimony. I'm going to speak that I believe there's one there for me. And I'm going to walk into that. I'm going to speak that my body's going to be healed. I'm going to walk into that. Yes. Amen. Your testimony will bring you right into it. If you believe in healing and believe that God has healed you, confess it. And God will make your body obey your confession. For he's the high priest of your confession, sitting at the right hand of the father now with his own blood to make intercession for any confession upon anything that he died for. Oh, do you believe that, church? Somebody ought to testify today that he's a healer. Because when you testify of it, your body begins to obey your testimony. Glory to [Applause] God. Brother Bill, I thought you weren't here. I see you sitting there in the back. That body's obeying your testimony. He's testifying. He felt good and his body's fixing to obey it. I was I had a dream the other night, and I don't dream spiritual dreams, but I just just dream all the time. And I I dreamed the other night. I was standing here preaching, and it was the it was the day of your procedure. I dreamed it was the day of your procedure. And I looked down there and there's Brother Bill in the front row. And I said, 'Brother Bill, what are you doing in church? And he's holding that where they that heart and he said, 'Oh, I just had to be here, brother. That's because that's kind of attitude that he has. What is that? A testimony. And your body is going to obey it. If it doesn't do it here, there's another body waiting. Glory to God. A better covenant, better things. Right. Very good. Your testimony will bring you right into it. If you believe in healing, believe that God has healed you. Confess it and God will make your body obey your confession. For he's the high priest of your confession, sitting at the right hand of the father now with his own blood to make intercession for any confession upon anything that he died for. When you confess one of the promises of God, he makes intercession on your confession. Why? You're the second testifier. Are you with me? You're the second witness. Nothing could be established. Oh, I hope you hear me, church. You're waiting on God to do something. God has already done something. But nothing can be established without your testimony. So the problem is not with the blood of the lamb. He's already testified. He's speaking for you. The problem is with our testimony if there is one. Right? I say, "Lord, let me be a testimony. Let me have a testimony. Let me speak a testimony." When you testify, what are you doing? You're yielding yourself to the word of God. You can completely submit yourself to the Holy Ghost. But the B said, "And no affliction can hold you. Hallelujah. Again, he said in the next paragraph, you that's sinful that maybe drink and smoke and gamble and do things like that. You say, "I can't give them up, Brother Brandon." Yes, you can. Yes, you can. I'm not speaking wrong. I'm saying what the Bible says. Saying what the blood said. The blood said you can. Yes. The doctor may say you can. You may say you can. You may feel like you can, but he said yes, you can. You just submit yourself to God one time. Just yield your whole self to God and watch what takes place. That's the whole thing. There's no secret in it. It's not a hocus pocus. He said the only thing is submit yourself to God. Again, he said just some people are ashamed after they accept the Lord Jesus as savior. They go out and they're ashamed to confess him. Many times they accept him as their healer and they go out and they're ashamed to confess him. You should never be ashamed of him. You should be right up no matter what takes place. You should be right up in front to stand on your testimony. Stand on what Sister Millie was doing this morning. stand on your you say, "Well, the devil will attack me if I if I stand on my testimony." I'm going to stand on it anyway because I know greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. The verdict's already been given. I'm free. Yes, sir. I've been delivered. I'm Hallelujah. I've been to the court. I've been judged by God's by God's grace. He said he said, "There is no sin in you. You're by your stripes, you're healed." He said those things about me and I agree with what he said. Yes, sir. Mine is a concurring opinion. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That his opinion about me is right. Yes, sir. Listen. Brother said, "God can only save you as you testify." Are you still with me? He can only heal you as you testify. He is sitting at the right hand of the father tonight to make intercession upon your profession. It isn't how loud you cry, how hard you beat the altar, how many good deeds you do. It's your faith that saves you. Amen. And if you'll confess it with your lips and coming from your heart, he goes to work as a high priest sitting at the right hand of the father to make intercession upon your confession. See, when you testify according to his word, he will make the word of your testimony true. That's good. And let me confess something to you. I've had a difficult time testifying about things because a lot of times I feel like I'm bragging and I I'm just not that kind of person. Now I'm bragging about that. I'm even self-conscious about saying that. But y'all know me. I I just I don't like to do that. I don't like putting myself up front. I don't like to do that. But our testimony is not of oursel. It's of him. The Brandon says we're not saved by works. What we do. It ain't what I done that saved me. It's what Christ done that saved me. I have no holiness. If I try to say, "Well, I quit drinking. I quit smoking. I quit stealing, lying, so forth. That's what I done. That would be my own. That's something to brag about. I didn't quit nothing. He just come to me and took it out of me. That's it. Ain't what I done. It's what he done. And then the Holy Spirit then abides in and grows daily. He said just grows making itself greater and greater. Pushes out the things. Oh, I said God push out the things, the cares, the temptation. He said as you overcome them, the Holy Spirit takes his place. Young people, look at me for a minute. Look at me for just a minute. I want you to pay attention to this because it's important. He said, 'You know what? If you got a real bad temptation of something that's not right now, I don't know how many times you get tempted, but you know, I know your parents keep you in in a place where you temptation is far from you, but there's a temptation to talk back to your parents. And right, Melody, she looked so convicted in that moment. Temptation to play that music loud when dad don't want you to. Yeah, music temptation to she listens to gospel music, but it ain't my kind of gospel music. But she uh you know there's a temptation to do things aren't right. Isn't that right? Listen to what brother Brandham says. It's very important. You young men, it's very important or older, young people. It's very important. Yeah. He said overcome that thing a few times. Yeah. See, the thing is, you've never stood up to it. But if you'd stand up to it one time, the next time be a little easier. Amen. Yeah. Right. What you're doing is every time you make a mistake, you're trying to go back and get resaved. You don't need to get resaved. The blood speaks for you. You need to overcome. You need a testimony. Yeah. So, the devil's going to tempt you. That's his job. Right. So, he's going to come try to make you do something that God don't want you to do. So, what does he do? What what happens? The blood speaks for you. So, you say, "No, devil." Right? Boo devil. Somebody say it with me this morning. Boo devil. And what happens when you do that? He he goes away from you and gets smaller and smaller. Is that right? Overcome the thing a few times and watch if your testimony doesn't bloom on account of it. That's what I want to see with our young people as they go to camp and different places and we have youth services for them. I want to see your testimonies bloom. How is that going to happen? Every time the devil tries to make you fall asleep in church, every time the devil tries to make you act wrong, every time the devil tries to say, "Well, when I turn 18, I'm going to go." You just say boo to that devil. Defeat that devil. Time the devil tries to make you depressed. Say food to that devil. And when you overcome a few times, your testimony begins to bloom. Amen. Truth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham taught us I don't have time to go through all of this, but he taught us I'm going to skip down about three paragraphs. He taught us in in a meeting, he said, "I'm not against shouting. I'm not against speaking in tongues." He said, 'But do that when when you receive when you believe that you've received something from God. He said, "Come reverently. Be reverent." And he said, "If out in the media at any time, at any time you feel that God has spoke to your heart." Amen. While this line is going through, then you raise your hands. That's right. Can't talk us out of prayer lines, can you, brother Gabe? You say, "Well, it don't do nothing." Tell that somebody you got healed. Come on. Laying hands on the sick don't matter. Tell somebody got healed. God still don't save people. Tell somebody got saved that. Hallelujah. He said when you go through the line, he said then you he said when when when it's on your heart when God spoke to your heart then you raise your hand say thank you Lord Jesus for healing me then tell somebody sitting by you on that next go then tell somebody sitting by you. Yeah yeah brother Brandham it's church order. But he said hallelujah. Well how do you do that church? By rejoicing and worshiping in the house of God. You're telling somebody sitting by you by the blood of the lamb and their testimony they overcome. You overcome by the blood of the lamb and by your testimony. Said if we can just have faith and believe in the Lord God that he will do these things for us. How many believe it this morning when you know it? You testify of it even if the symptoms are still there. Even if it hasn't happened yet, you testify of it like Abraham. We're going to have a baby and he walked into it one day. He said, "What do you do? What is your testimony? What do you do when you're giving a witness? What are you doing when you're testifying?" He said, "You're saying the same thing. You're saying like if you was in a court and said, "I seen a certain certain thing." He said, "You have to tell it the same way. When I say I'm healed, I mean I'm testifying exactly what God said. By his stripes, I was healed." God will test that testimony. You remember the woman that made Elijah a cake? Yeah. God spoke to her. Elijah spoke to her, which was to her. She had to accept that as God speaking to her through Elijah, through a man. And and when when Elijah spoke to her, he said, "Oh, I bring me a drink of water." She turned around and go get him a drink of water. And he said, "Make me a cake." She said, "I don't have enough. I've only got enough for me and my boy, and then we're going to die." He said, "Make me a cake." But when she goes to do it, see, that was the test. Yeah. Was she willing to do what God said no matter what it looked like. No matter if it looked like it hastened her own death. What was it? She loved not her own life until the death. And she heard the voice of the prophet speaking again. He said, "Thus sayaeth the Lord. The the crucal oil won't fail. The meal won't dry up. Nothing none of that will run out. You'll still have supplies to make cakes." Hallelujah. He's still that kind of provider today. If you're in need this morning, financial need or whatever it is, he's still that kind of provider. Our widows here in the church, God still cares about you. Don't forget, he's still that kind of provider. He said, and he said, when you're put under a test, when you're fixing to be used for God for a testimony, he said, like this lady here in the wheelchair, the man, the little boy, some of you people out there, maybe you're Christians and wonder why you're put under this test. He said, "God is fixing to use your testimony. Why did you go through what you went through?" Because God, hallelujah, was fixing to use your testimony. But he wants to know to see how you'll react. So, he puts the pressure on. And he says it's in those great crucial moments that the strain is put on us that God moves in. When we make a decision for him that's between life and death, that little sharp edge. Sometimes at the last moment when you think you're not going to be well and somebody's making fun of you, you still hold your testimony. It's that time that God moves in. Brother Brandham told us to be fearless in our testimony. Be fearless in your testimony. If it's revealed to you, you are fearless. I'm thankful for testimonies today. As we close, I I read Daniel chapter 4. He said, "I thought it good to show the signs and wonders that the high God has wrought toward me." Right? How great are his signs. How mighty are his wonders. His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom. His dominion is from generation. Yes, sir. To generation. So this generation I I I read this quote to you many times. I'll just put it up on the board. That next quote, Sister Brown was a a testimony in my life in a future home of the heavenly earth heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. Brother Brown speaks to a lady who had never met him was sitting in the back. He said m he said, "Miss Brown, Mrs. Brown, believe with all your heart Jesus Christ to make you well." He said, "You're a stranger to me, but God knows you." That stuck in my heart because God knew how to read articles later on. and news said brother well brother Brandon was reading prayer cards but I knew that lady I knew she didn't have one right a testimony mattered to me so my faith wouldn't be shaken are you with me now some of y'all have similar experiences God has placed us in an area with testimonies like that I'm thankful for that testimony made a difference in my life and I'm encouraging you this morning your testimony will make a difference in somebody else's life there was I I think of the testimony of my parents and grandparents I believe if I don't get mixed up in the story. I believe it was because someone had a there was a a person who had sold honey to brother Brandham that lived in Kansas City, Missouri. I may have told you this before. And they they they lived there and uh my uh grandfather, I believe it was, went to my mom's dad went to that house and bought honey from them. And in that house, they had a picture of the pillar of fire. You say, "Well, that picture is just idolatry." Well, it wasn't in that case cuz it's the only reason that we're in the message. Somebody was bold enough to testify of it. They hung it on their wall. They weren't even message believers, but they just honored what God had done. And and my grandpa caught a hold of that. He never did fully accept it or understand it. But he told my dad about it. My dad never did fully accepted or But these things will be told from generation to generation. Hallelujah. And finally, in our generation, brother Joel, somebody grabbed a hold of it. Glory to God. My mom's grabbed a hold of it. My brother, my sister grabbed a hold of it. I think there'll be more. Grab a hold of it. Why? Because it's not a fiction story. But somebody was willing to testify, God is real in my generation. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He does not fail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I think of the testimonies in this church, and I'll close. I said that four or five times. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, brother Bill, but I just have to say these things. I think of testimonies. I got to thinking about a testimony of different ones. And Brother Bill's a testimony this morning. I believe God's healed him in healing him again. Brother Danny Ward was healed. I believe of prostate cancer. I know the doctors assisted in that. But I believe, Brother Danny, that that was God that healed you. I know your wife was healed of cancer as well. Brother Harold Bailey come and told me the other night. He said he had leukemia. He was diagnosed with leukemia and and he come and told me he said they said my do my numbers are almost exactly back to normal again. Thank God for that brother Harold. That's a testimony. I I told you the other night, brother Harvey Savage shouldn't be here. He could testify this morning he shouldn't be here because of what happened in his body. And I remember when brother Harvey was so sick and seemed like the people were praying because brother Harvey was about to leave us and Lord knows, Lord knew I needed him and this church needed him. And so he kept him here on the face of the earth. And what was it? It's a testimony today. God's still a healer. I know, sister. You're concerned about the numbers for Glorella, but she's a testimony that God's a healer because she's here this morning with a liver transplant, but she's here. Doctors can't heal. God heals. Sister Virginia pro. My sister-in-law was sitting was in a meeting and got prayed for of a food allergy. I believe that it was and and she was completely healed of that and able to eat whatever she wants now. And and and we're thankful for that. You've already heard brother Gabe and Sister Millie who the doctor said you won't have children two for two different reasons. But God was a testimony in their favor. That child is a miracle this morning. Brother Trip sat down at the table with me the other night. I'm not bragging, church. I just want to He sat down across from me at the table at my house and he said it's been three years today. Thank you, Lord. It was three years since he'd been baptized. I think that day was three years since they'd come back to the Lord. I I believe I believe that was the day Sister Maddie was baptized that same day. And they weren't I don't think we had plans for them to be baptized, but that day I preached on baptism because sister Maddie was baptized. I wanted the children to be able to understand that and God convicted their hearts and and they come and were baptized and their lives have been changed. And I can testify for brother Trip that his life has been changed. And Sister Stephanie that her life has been changed. It's not the same anymore. God did that. If he can do it for them, he can do it for you this morning. Sister Pat, I always overlook you sitting there on the back, Sister Pat Grimes. But you weren't in church when I came here. You'd been out of church for a while, but God is doing something in your life and continues to and she longs to be in the house of the Lord. Sister Stephanie sitting over here, I hate to point you out and embarrass you, but Sister Stephanie, I watched her come to give her heart to the Lord and things have changed in her life. And I believe that it'll just keep blossoming and blossoming and we've seen God do that. If he can do it for them, what about all the rest of our children? What about all the rest of our our our families? I've watched our young men. I watch our our ministers and and uh I watch God work for the Price family. I'll just mention that today. God has done a miracle in their family in healing and help. And I believe that that's a miracle that God is working in in that family. I I I I've watched our ministry here and in and brother Joel, brother Joel come out of a different background and didn't believe many of the things that we believe and now he's a he's a forceful minister of the gospel. I was sitting there listening to him the other night preach the very things that a few years ago we argued about. But but but what happened? God got a hold of him. I didn't get a hold of him, but God got a hold of him. Brother Stewart has blossomed as a preacher. We've seen God get a hold of him and and just preach the gospel. And I thank God he'll be preaching next Sunday morning. I thank God for that. We ought to see a testimony in that. Listen, this church is a testimony. I know I may have left many out, but this church, come on, church, you're a testimony. Our young people are a testimony that God is still the same. Listen to me, Lanny. You're a testimony this morning that God can help and God can change. God can put a desire in your heart. Jaden, you're a testimony. God can put a desire for the message of the hour in your heart. You just let that burn in your heart. You're a testimony today of what God does. I say don't give up your testimony. You can say, "Through many dangers, come on musicians, through many dangerous toils, and snares, I have already come. This grace that brought me safe thus far, and grace will lead me home." I may want to testify this morning of the goodness of God. Let's just stand to our feet and and talk to him for a minute. Heavenly Father, we love you. Oh, we thank you this morning. We we we thank you for what you've done in our lives. We thank you for changing us, Lord. I thank you for me and for my wife and for my family. I thank you, Lord, what you how you've changed us and how you've blossomed our testimony. I thank you for that, Lord. Oh, God. We don't want to ever fail or let you down, but we know you spoke for us, Lord. If we want to speak for you, I pray you'd grant it, Lord. If there's one here, Lord, that doesn't have a testimony, Lord, to have grace in their life, I pray they would receive that grace this morning and they'd be willing to to follow and surrender themselves to it, Lord, that they too can be a testimony of the grace of God. I thank you for this church. I thank you for for making a testimony out of it when it should have been an ash sheep on the side of the road. And it could have been that, but Lord, you brought a testimony out of it. And I'm so thankful. I thank you, Lord. I thank you, Lord, for your grace. I thank you for your mercy. I thank you for goodness and love. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. I pray you'd continue to move. Lord, I know there's many testimonies we left out for take a time. But Lord, I know you're a healer. We've seen enough. You said by the mouth of two or three witnesses, let everything be established. We've seen enough to believe that you are real. We thank you for it in Jesus name. If you need prayer, the altar's open. Let's just worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, sing with me. Oh, we ought to be able to sing with him this morning. Is our God. Hallelujah. Oh, all can see how great Lord. Oh, how great. Thank you, Lord. Jesus is our God. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, we just want to worship him now. split of the glory. Hallelujah. Oh, I love you, Lord Jesus. In majesty. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. The earth. Oh, let all the earth rejoice. He rest himself in light. And darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, age to age he stands and time is in his hands. Beginning and the end, beginning and the end. The Godhead three in [Music] one. Father, spirit, son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great glory is hallelujah our God and all will see how great Lord God. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord is our God. Oh he's the name above all names. He's worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great, how great is our God. Oh yes, he's the name above all names. Lord, you are worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great, how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. He's the name above all names again. Oh, he's the name [Music] above. Oh, yes, he is. He is worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great, how great is our [Music] God. When I come into his presence, Jesus. Oh, how humble my heart. Oh, thank you, Lord. Lift up all my hands and I begin. Oh, can we just worship you? I worship him. Oh, I don't mean to hold you, but just if you have a need this morning, just receive it from Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, we believe you Lord Jesus. His presence. I humble myself. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. He's done. Hallelujah. All the victory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and I'll praise. I'll praise him. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I'll [Music] praise him for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set me free because Oh, just because. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, he he's God. You believe he's God this morning? Just worship him as brother Joel comes. I come into his presence. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I lift up all my hands and I begin to worship him. Thank you, Lord. I worship him when I touch his presence. I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he's won. So I'll praise. Can we just praise him now? Oh, I'll praise him for all he's done for me. Can you just praise him for what he's done for you? He's redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's I'll sing it for all he's done for me one more time. Oh for all he's done for me. Has he been good to you? He's redeemed and he set me free. And because Oh, just [Music] because he's God. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Has he been good? Amen. Ezekiel G. Ain't God good? Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserved? That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more. One more time. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more. Clap your hands and sing it now. Ain't God good to give us so undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him a little more today and hope. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, ain't God to give us love and that's what we are. That's what we are. We are love and pray a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Give him one more hand of praise before we go. Amen. We're going to let you go. We're going to sing He Otu Been There. We're going to sing that as we go. And uh just don't forget 3:00 this afternoon. I know we've held you a little long this morning. Hadn't God been good to us? Amen. Can you go ahead and just give him one more hand clap of praise? Well, I said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I couldn't keep it to myself. Couldn't keep it to myself. couldn't keep it to myself. Said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I couldn't keep it to myself what the Lord has done for me. Well, you ought to have been there when he saved my soul. You ought to have been there when he put my name on the road. I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. Well, I said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I couldn't keep it to myself. Couldn't keep it to myself. Couldn't keep it to myself. Said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I couldn't keep it to myself what the Lord has done. Amen. You're free to go. God bless you. You ought to be there when he saved my soul. Well, you ought to be there when he put my name on the road. I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. Well, you all have been there when he saved my soul. You ought to have been there when he put my name on the road. I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. Well, I said I wasn't going to tell nobody. But I couldn't keep it to myself. Couldn't keep it to myself. Couldn't keep it to myself. I said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I couldn't keep it to
