################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Bro. Josh Cathey Wednesday Night 4-9-25 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   Bro. Josh Cathey Wednesday Night 4-9-25
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shjfoqpFnTc
========================================

He's given us holy [Music] hands. He works through these hands. And so these hands are holy. Oh, these are holy hands. He's given us holy hands. He works through these hands. And so these hands are holy. One more time. This is holy ground. Oh, this is holy ground. Do you believe that tonight? Oh, we're standing on holy ground. For the Lord is here and where he is is holy. [Music] Oh, this is holy ground. We're standing on holy ground. For the Lord is here and where he is. Sing it like this one more time. These are holy hands. I wonder if you could just put them up to him tonight. Oh, these are holy. Oh, yes they are. He's given us holy hands. He works through these hands. And so these hands are holy. Oh, these are holy hands. He's given us holy hands. He works through these hands. And so these hands are [Music] holy. And we are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all [Laughter] around. Oh, so let us praise. Oh, can we praise him now? Oh Jesus now. Oh for we are standing in his presence on holy ground. One more time with all your hearts. Now let me hear you sing it. Oh we are standing. Oh, you believe that tonight church on holy ground and I know that there are angels all around. Oh, can we just praise him now as we sing it? Oh, let us praise. Oh yes, Jesus now. Oh, for we are standing in his presence on holy ground. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? We believe he's here and where he is is holy. It's good to see each and every one of you in the house of the Lord tonight. Good to have our visitors with us. And and uh Sister Tabitha, she's my baby sister. She's with us. And my nephew is up here. My niece, good to have y'all. And who am I missing? Who am I missing? Brother Walt, Sister Alice, good to have you all here tonight. Amen. Sister Pertie on a Wednesday night. Well, they must like Josh better than me. Good to have you all here. and Sister Brother Josh's family. Brother Josh Kathy is going to be speaking for us tonight. And his wife, Sister McCen, is here with us and and their two kids. I had to go ahead and introduce you now cuz here before too long, she'll be in the cry room. I'm sure. No, I'm just kidding. But I'm sure them kids are a lot better than they used to be. But it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Isn't it good to have fellowship with one another? Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Are you happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? Well, can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Boy, if we could just speed it up just for a minute before we before we go to the friction. Now, give me the key of G. Well, there can't nobody to be like Jesus. Oh, nobody to be like the Lord. Well, there nobody to be like Jesus cuz he's my friend. Well, he picked me up and he turned me around. Well, he picked me up and he turned me around. I know he picked me up and he turned me around. Well, he's my praise. Well, there nobody love me like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody love me like my Lord. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus. He's my friend. Well, I know he healed my body. He told me to run on. He healed my body. He told me to run on. He healed my body. Told me to run off. He's mine. Let's try standing up now. Well, there can't nobody to be like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody to be like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody do like Jesus cuz he's my friend. One more time. Well, he picked me up and he turned me around. Well, he picked me up and he turned me around. I know he picked me up and he turned me around. Well, he's mine. Oh, can't nobody love me. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody love me like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus. He's mine. Oh, sing it one more time. Will there nobody to be like Jesus? So can't nobody be like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody to be like Jesus. He's my friend. Come on over here where the table is and the feast of the Lord is going on. Come on over here where the table is spread at the feast of the Lord. There's joy over here. There's joy over here where the table is spread. And the feast of the Lord is going on. There's joy over here. where the table is great and the feast of the Lord is going on. But they're shouting over here where the table is great and the feast of the Lord is going on. There shout over here where the table is spread and the feast of the Lord. I like this one. There's victory. We believe in victory over here where the table is spread and the feast of the Lord is going on. There's victory over [Music] here and the feast of the Lord. Oh, sing it one more time. Come on over here where the table is. Let me hear you sing it now. Come on over here. One more time. There's victory over here. Where the spring and the Oh, there's victory over here where the table is great. and the be of the Lord is going on. Give the Lord another big hand of praise tonight. Maybe you're sounding better now. Sounds like you're ready for the word of the Lord. Amen. Are you ready for it tonight? Amen. Good to see each and every one of you. Good to have the Erskins back with us. I know they've been MIA just a little bit. So, good to have you all back with us as well. Uh also today, just before we before I do anything else, I I don't want to forget a special anniversary. Brother Caleb and sister Sophie just celebrated an anniversary today. Today? Well, go ahead and give him a nice big I think it's 14 years. 14 years, man. Brother Caleb don't even look old enough. It's good. Glad to glad to have him in church on their they tried to they had an anniversary getaway right in the middle of the flood and uh we had to tell them what happened. Amen. Good to have every one of you here tonight. Are you ready for the word of the Lord? Amen. Y'all are just singing so good. And Amen. Brother Josh, you know, he's no stranger to us. Josh Kathy, he's from there in Tucson, Arizona. He's actually an ary, but uh he resides in Tucson. He's a transplant out there. And so just uh we want to just pull on the gift of God tonight, don't we? Do you believe if you come with expectations that you're going to get what you expect? And I believe tonight if you need if you have a need on your heart, if you just hold that in your heart tonight, I believe God can walk right down these aisles and meet your need in this meeting tonight. You say, "Well, well, the Lord don't know. He knows everything about you." The one that stood there and discerned the hearts of the people. I mean, he's still here. And so, let's just go ahead and pull on the gift of God tonight. And my brother Josh is a young man, not been preaching a long time, but every time he's come, he's blessed us. And I say tonight, let's just get behind the man of God. Amen. He's got the ball tonight. So let's just be the team around him and just and just pull on him. Can we do that tonight? Amen. Before he comes, let's just sing that song. They that wait upon the Lord, key of F. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount us with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me, Lord, how a way. Can you sing it one more time? Oh, they that way upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up. [Music] They [Music] shall and nothing. Teach me, Lord. Teach me, Lord. Amen. God bless you tonight. It's good to be here with you. Good to see everybody again. Greetings from Shalom Tabernacle. Brother Israel's in Tucson, Arizona. And just want to thank brother Ben for another opportunity to come and speak to you. I've had a every time I've done it, I've had a great time. It's been great people to speak to. So easy to preach to people. I guess I just need to talk louder. Just need to talk a little bit louder. I ain't I ain't like Joel. I ain't allowed talker sometimes. I'd actually like to buy by by raise of hands. Who does like me more than Joel? I'm just kidding. Don't Don't raise your hand. Don't raise your hand. It'll hurt his feelings. He'll get a complex and we don't need to. God bless you all. It's good to be here. Um happy to have my family with me. I think she's already had to go out. So, perfect. Um and I told Brother Ben I only have about Thank you, musicians, everybody. I told Brother Ben I only have about uh 4 hours worth of sermon tonight. And he said he said I could do it. He just told me to lock up and he'd be waiting for me down at McDonald's afterwards. So, that should work out nicely. Me and Joel, he'll just sit right here and he'll stay here and listen. But, um, if we just turn to Psalm 85 as we get started, verses 6-9. And the title this evening is God sent Revival. Psalm 85 verses 6-9. Starting at verse six, it says, "Wilt thou not revive us again that thy people may rejoice in thee?" And I I feel like that is a prayer of so many believers hearts today, so many churches. It's what they're looking for. Lord, wilt thou not revive us again, Lord, that thy people may rejoice in thee? Because we we can rejoice in a lot of things, but what we want to be rejoicing in is the Lord Jesus Christ. What he did at Calvary. That's what we want on our mind. That's what we want to the scripture says somewhere the Lord, it's a vision and he he says, "Put me in remembrance." You know, there's a lot of things that the enemy will try and put us in remembrance of. But the Lord says, "Put me in your remembrance. Don't remember your past mistakes. Don't don't remember all these all the afflictions, everything else. all all the when when you've been tied down, but put me in your remembrance. Goes on, it says, "Show us thy mercy, O Lord, and grant us thy salvation. I will hear what God the Lord will speak, for he will speak peace unto his people and to his saints." He says, "But let them not turn again to folly." Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just thank you for another opportunity. Lord, we we thank you for another chance to praise the holy name of Jesus. Father, we thank you for what you did at Calvary. Lord, we we just want to say thank you in general. Lord, put us in remembrance of you. Put us in remembrance of what you've done for us, what you're currently doing for us, and Lord, what's coming, what you're going to do for us. And Father, we just ask you would walk the aisles tonight, Lord, that you would be with each heart, Lord, if somebody needs a touch, Father, that you would be there to just lay your hand upon them. And we ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. The scripture here reads, it says, "But let them not turn again to folly." And the definition, that word folly is an excessively costly or unprofitable undertaking. That's a definition of folly. And Israel had plenty of that. You know, we always like to talk about Israel and pick on Israel, how they, you know, they they made mistakes. They veered wrong many, many times. And and right here, he's praying about revival. And then at the very end of it, he says, "But don't let them turn to that folly." And what Israel's folly, what it cost them was their freedom. Many times, time and time again, it the the price they had to pay for breaking God's commandments, his statutes, his judgments. It was their freedom. That was that's what it cost Israel. And that's what it cost us today. Sometimes it cost us our freedom. We like to shackle oursel back again. We before we know it, we've already slapped the shackles back on and and we're we're just we're going with whatever the enemy wants us to go in our lives. Come on. But they wanted to be revived back to how it had been before. David said in another place, Psalm 51, I believe he said, "Restore unto me the joy of my salvation." Something we know by the prophet's teaching that that's something David already had in him. He already had that joy in him. He wanted to be restored back to that joy. He wanted it to be new to him again. Just like when the when the mercy of God first fell on you and me. That's what real revival in the heart is right there. You know, we we can run the aisles. We can get happy and we we can jump up and down. We can we can shout. We can scream. And those things are good. Those things are part of a service. That's part of God's spirit falling on people. But real revival is when you take it through those doors and you take it out into the world. That's what revival is. That's how revival fires used to spread. That's how it used to happen. And that's what revival is when you when you get and it it's an individual thing. And we know that it's it's not a group thing anymore. That veil has been rent. We we can talk directly to God. We we can have a oneon-one with Jesus Christ at any moment of the day whenever we want it. That veil was torn for that purpose. But when we neglect something like that in our lives, you start sewing that veil back together. Yeah. Do you want to sew it up to where we got to go back to to being under a law? He said that was Israel's in a quote. The prophet said that was Israel's biggest mistake was when they chose law over grace for me. I want the grace covenant. I don't want the law. I don't want to be shackled anymore. I don't want to be held down anymore. But I want grace to abide over my life. I want to be put in remembrance of what it was like when he freshly fell upon me the first time when he struck my heart. That's revival. That's the revival that needs to strike each and every every church, each and every person in a church. That's what we're looking for. Let's turn over to 2 Chronicles chapter 7. We'll start at verse one here now. Now, so chapter six, the end of chapter six here, Solomon, he's praying a prayer. And this is right after the temple has been built. And Solomon's praying a prayer. And the prayer, when you go back and read it, we're not going to not going to go into that right now, just for time's sake, but it sounds like a prayer for revival. They get the temple built. And then Solomon goes on and he prays this beautiful prayer. And then right here we have chapter 7 verse one. It says, "Now when Solomon had made an end of praying, it says the fire came down from heaven and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices and the glory of the Lord filled the house." Now, that I love that right there. Now, we serve a God of fire. We don't we don't serve a uh some God. We serve a God of fire. A God that will back up what his word says. A God that means what he said and he does what he said. We serve an accountable God. Now, there's a bunch of religions in the world that serve all these gods, but but when they need that God, where is he? Come on. When they need healing, where is that God at? But when we need healing, we know that there's a scripture that says by his stripes, we are healed. When we need peace, we know there's a scripture that says he was chastised for that peace. We have a God that's already paid a price. Thank you, Lord. And if we if we ever think we're too revelated or or the if we ever try and get away from that good news, the gospel means the good news. If we ever try and get away from preaching that atonement, that blood of Jesus Christ, we're right here at Easter. We're right here at the resurrection. You know what the resurrection will do for you? If you have a revelation of it, it'll explain every bit of your life that never made sense. Every bit of your life. You need the blood of Jesus Christ to explain it. And we will never get too revelated to to to look back and plead the blood of Jesus Christ. We're never If you feel like you've gotten farther than that, then you need to stop and you need to take a personal inventory. If we've gotten to a place, pass preaching the cross, preaching Calvary to the believers, preaching what Jesus has done for you. That's right. We're not going to We We can read the seals as many times as we want. We can listen to them as many times. the church ages. I love them all. But if we ever lose sight of the pinnacle of Christianity, which was Calvary, and what he did there, then none of it matters. If we let that slip our minds, not a bit of it matters. Come on. But he sends down that fire. You know that fire, it consumes our offerings of praise. That fire when it comes down, that pleases the Holy Spirit. When we get into a service and you're worshiping and you don't feel like raising your hand, but you raise your hand anyways. When you don't feel like saying amen because the day has been hard, but you say it anyways. When the word of God's coming forth, that pleases God. He He's pleased with your praises. And those praises and those offerings of praise, it goes up. You know what? He returns? He returns fire. A God of fire will then come down and he'll anoint the service. He'll anoint the preacher. He'll anoint your ears to hear. He'll anoint eyes to see. How do you think we get revelation? That's revelation through the Holy Spirit. It's not cuz some man told us something, but it's the Holy Spirit grabbing a hold of an elected seat of God and opening their eyes. Thank you, Lord. And we need that day. It's like it's like repentance in our life. It's not just a one-time deal at the very beginning. But Paul said, "I die daily." We have to repent time and time again. Repentance never stops. That's another thing. If repentance stops in our lives, we we need to stop right there and look back and see where we left Jesus at. Because if you don't have it on your heart to repent about something, well then you're perfect in the flesh. And we know that we're not perfect in the flesh. We know that through the blood of Jesus Christ, when he's looking at us, the price has already been paid. We're perfect in God's eyes in that way, but this flesh, we're still going to make mistakes while we're here. We're still going to have slip ups. Those things are going to happen. Not to be negative, but it's it is what it is. As long as we're in this fleshly body, those things are going to happen. Y Jeremiah 29 says, "Then I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak anymore his name, but his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones." Now, when the revival strikes the church and we start running, that's what it is right there. That's when the that's when the word of God strikes the heart somewhere and it's just like burning fire in your bone. You can't sit still any longer. You can't sit in a service and and just nod. No, you throw a hand up. You might get out of your seat. You might walk in the aisle a little bit. You might run around some. But that's what that's what the word of God to a believer feels like when it strikes. It's life. That's what life does. It moves things. It makes things grow. And that's how we grow. That you know the story brother Brandham told about his daughter getting a turtle. And that turtle, he said it wouldn't come out of its shell. He said he'd sit there and he'd do do all these different things with it, but that turtle it just it would just sit there still. And he compared it to us. Well, not us today, but he compared it to them back then that they would just sit in their seats. They would see signs. They would see wonders. They would hear the word coming forth and they would just sit still. They didn't. This is a time of acceptance. Everything's been laid out. There's been a fullness. Why do we call it the fullness? There's been a fullness revealed in this day. A prophet came. We can't sit still any longer. It's time to accept it all. He preaches so much about God's redemptive blessings. They're all opened up. Everything that happened at Calvary, but now we do have to have, we got to be in the right condition to receive it. He talks about it, the church in its condition. He's preaching and he he talks about how Jesus came to John the Baptist there. And it said when Jesus came down into the water, the heavens opened up and the spirit came down like a dove. Well, that's exactly when the believer has been born again. That's that's you right there in a nutshell. The heavens open up to the believer. And you come down there. But he said if you have the nature of a wolf, that spirit will never come down on you. He said it'll fly off and it'll sit on a branch somewhere. It won't be too far away, but it's going to wait for you to get in a condition to where it can come upon you. It's going to wait for you to get in a spot where it wants to come upon you, where that dove spirit can drop down. And God want God wants revival more than we want revival. He wants to dwell in your heart more than you want him to dwell in your heart. But we have to be at a point where we can accept his word and accept all of his word. Where we can accept that it's all been open, that it's all ours. Because with the mindset that it's not all open and that it's not all ours, then you're we got a we got a halfway gospel here. We we got something that's not finished yet. But is it finished, church? Do you think it's finished? Do you think the word that we've been given the fullness of the word? You think Do we believe Malachi 4:5 and 6? Do we believe the scripture? Luke 17:30, Revelation 10:7. Do we think this is the days of the voice? If we believe it's the days of the voice, then believe that it's all open and that it's all yours. You know, Joshua, what he did when they got up to the promised land right there and Joshua, I think it's Let's flip over to Joshua real quick. I think it's good. I think it's Joshua chapter 18. Let's see. Yeah, Joshua chapter 18. We'll go verses 1 through3. It says, "And the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at Shiloh and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there." Now listen to this next line. And the land was subdued before them. The land that that's you and I right now. Yeah. Every promise in the book, the land is subdued. They tied that land to the Holy Ghost. Yeah. He said, "And the land was subdued before them." And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes which had not yet received their inheritance. What were they waiting for? Were they waiting for the right service? Yeah. where they waiting for somebody to to God ain't going to push you over and kick you over into that land. It's a time of acceptance. You got to walk over into that land. It's got to be by your own free will that you accept these promises of God. And it says, "And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, how long are ye slack to go to possess the land?" He said, he rebukes him. Joshua openly rebukes these seven tribes that are left. How long are you slack to go possess it? Right. Yeah. Well, what what were they saying? Were they saying, "Well, we don't believe Moses brought the fullness of the word. We don't believe we don't believe Moses told us everything. We don't believe We don't believe We're waiting on something different to come. So, now we can go over." No, we're not waiting on any of that. We're not waiting on none of those things. We're not looking for nothing. We're not waiting for nothing. Brother Brandham, he saw that spirit in people back then. He said, "There's people putting it off in the millennium." He said, "But you are sons and daughters right now." He said, "It's right now that you are." He said, "It's present tense for the believer. It's not something way off in another time, but it's here and it's now, and it's right for the taking, but are we taking it? Are are we are we realizing our rights in this hour? Everybody wants to talk about rights nowadays. Everybody's talking about that. This is my right. That's my right. I can be this. I can be that." Right. Well, the Christians need to think about their rights and what it holds, what the promise holds. Let's get back to this story on brother Brand on the that turtle that wouldn't come out of it shell. I'm just going to read it from the topper. He says, "That's just the way with some of this old cold formal religion you got today." He said, "I'll never go back to that revival again." He was quoting somebody right there. He says, "Shh." He said, "I belong to the Presbyterian, the Methodist, the Lutheran. My church don't believe in no emotion." All right. My church, what did brother Brandham say about a church with no emotion? Who knows what he said? Dead. Dead. I belong to the Presbyterian, the Methodist, the Lutheran. I belong to this. He said, "Hallelujah. He disagreed with me. I'm back up in the shell." He's speaking on the turtle there. He says, "Go on. Oh, that old closedin turtle religion. I don't want none of that closed in turtle religion. I want I want liberty in the house of God. I want to be free in here. That's what I want. I want to be open with God, but I want to take care of stuff first. I want to be in the right condition. I don't I don't want to come in here with a with a broken and wrecked heart, a broken and and wrecked attitude and bring that atmosphere and expect God to do something with me. No. Where's that dove spirit going to go? If we bring that into a church service, that's going to spread like a wildfire. Come on. You know, we want revival in here, but that attitude as well, that'll spread across the church. We get to talking in a church. We get to talking about each other in a church. And that'll spread just as fast as that spirit of God dropping into your heart will. That's a demonic spirit getting on there and spreading. Getting complexes, getting insecurities, saying, "Oh, that sister, she sideeyed me like this. I bet she thinks this about me. That sister, she ain't even thinking about you. Why Why do we Why do we do this to ourselves sometimes? It's just the devil getting in your way. It's just him trying to block the blessings of God from coming down into your life. Come on. He goes on. He says, "I said I'll fix him up and took him down to the creek." He said, "First, I got a stick. I tried to beat him. That didn't do no good. Just didn't do a bit of good. He just laid there and I just whipped him as hard as I could. He just laid there." He said, "You can't beat it into him. Not a bit." He said, "No, no need of trying it. It'll threaten him and everything." He said, "And I took him out." I said, "I'll fix him up." I stuck him down in the water. Just a few bubbles come up. He just stayed the same way. He said, "Well, you can sprinkle them, pour them backwards, forwards, anything you want to." That's right. He said, "They go down a dry center and come up a wet one." He said, "That's all still a center." He said, "You know how I made him move?" He said, "I went and got me a handful of sticks and built a little fire and sit the old boy on it." And that's what God will do in a service. He'll go get a handful of spiritual sticks and he'll put them underneath that seat you're sitting on and he'll light a fire under you. He'll start bringing you into remembrance of you come in and you're sick and you're afflicted and you're thinking, "Oh, woe is me." But God will get them sticks and he'll stick them under the believer and he'll put you in remembrance that I've done it once. I'll do it again. I'm still the God that can heal your body. I'm still the God that can heal your mind. I can touch you at any time of any day, but all you got to do is accept my provided way. There's no other provided way of healing. Right? We got to we can go to the doctor, but we got to accept his medicine. What the doctor's not going to do is just follow you around and nag you with it and poke you with it. No. He gives you the prescription and you got to take it. So reach out and take it. It's your right. [Music] He said, I tell you what the church needs today is an old time Holy Ghost fire kindled under her. He said, glory to God, that's what we need. Fire will move the church and nothing else. Yeah, fire will move the church and nothing else. Now, we don't want to I love that quote, but one thing we don't want to do is we don't want to live any we don't want to jump any higher and we're living. That's what the prophet said, too. We don't want to live any old way outside of these four walls. Come on. Come on. And then just come in here and and expect something from God. 2 Chronicles 7, let's go down to verses 13- 18. I believe this was a a it was either a dream or a vision right here Isaiah I believe or no Solomon I apologize Solomon he said if I shut up heaven that there be no rain or if I command a locust to devour the land or if I send pestilence among my people if my people this is the Lord here if my people which are called by my name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways. Then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and I will heal their land. Now to me right there following these things right here, this is key to revival sparking. And what did brother Brandham say was that what it showed a good revival. It was getting all the trash out that Lake Michigan when he was standing there. He said there wasn't one more bit of water in it from when it started kicking around to when it was still. He said the only purpose of all that happening was to get all the trash out of it. For all that all that rustling around, all that moving that water was doing, it was just to get all that trash up on the banks so it could be clean. And that's exactly what happens with us. He wants us clean. He wants to, "Oh Lord, create a clean heart in me." Was the prayer prayed. Renew a right spirit within me. Lord, maybe I've been out there and some bad spirits have got on me. Come on, buddy. Maybe some nasty stuff has got on me. Maybe I've looked at some things I shouldn't look at. Maybe I've felt some ways I shouldn't have felt towards a brother or a sister. Lord, renew a right spirit back in me. I don't want to feel that way anymore, Lord. I don't want to. Lord, even even better this prayer. Lord, reveal to me how I can receive something from you. Let's pray that prayer. Lord, if there's something I need to make right, if there's somebody I need to talk to, church, if we want revival, these have to be the prayers right here. We got to hit our knees and pray these prayers. I know this sounds boring. This doesn't sound like this doesn't sound like I'm praying for the power of God just to strike me. But we want God to be honest with us. And we have to be open to what he says. We have to have an open heart to God. We have to be willing to be obedient. Yes. Jesus Christ had an obedient heart. Yeah, that's what he had when he he said, "Take this cup from me. I don't want it." Maybe sometimes in your life there's things you don't want, but you don't understand why it's in your life. We serve the alpha and the omega. He can see farther than we can see. He knows to the end of the line. Sometimes we don't see why it's there. But it's there for a purpose. It's there for a reason. Yes, sir. And the sooner we can realize these things, sir. I believe God can do something with us. I believe God can move us. I believe we can work according to his purpose then. Not just our own anymore, but to his purpose. You know, David at Ziglag, a scripture that comes to mind, David at Ziglag, it's in 1st Samuel 30. And he had just he had been cast out by everybody at this point. Nobody wanted him. And he he had just came back and they had been ransacked and his wives were taken, his children were taken, all their stuff. The enemy had came. Does this sound familiar, church? The enemy came and took everything that was rightfully his. Does that sound familiar? Does that ever happen to you in your life? Now, sometimes when that happens, we try and take it into our own hands. We try and take control. We try and do it oursself. But what did David do at Ziklag? He said, "Go get me the Ephod before I do anything. Before I do anything off of brash emotion, sir. Before I do anything cuz I'm mad, because I'm hurting on the inside, because my heart's been broken. Before I do anything out of that, I'm going to drop to my knees. I'm going to put on the ephod and I'm going to consult the Lord about it. Oh yeah. And the Lord said to David, "Yes, you can go get it back." And then David goes and gets it back later. And he said, "David recovered every bit of it." And then you read on down a little bit farther and the Lord gave him even more. We serve an abundant God. We don't serve a God that we're just going to get a little bit back here just what we had at the beginning. But he's going to give you even more than you know is possible. Yeah. And I don't mean for that to sound like prosperity preaching, but that's the God that we serve. That's the truth. That's what he'll do. You've seen it in your lives already over and over again. You pray for something and you have it stuck in your head your way and just the amount you want. And he gives you 10 times that amount. He gives you even more than that. You go in a service praying for healing and then you get slain in the spirit. You get struck and he gives you so much more. Right. He gives us more than He's given me more mercy and more grace in my life than I could ever think about. With all the stuff I've done in my life, with all the things we've done, he's given us so much. That's why that preaching of the cross, we can't get away from that preaching, church. We can't get away from looking back at Calvary. But the enemy, he's going to keep you thinking of of what you've done before. He's going to keep you looking. If he can keep you looking at your mistakes in your past, he can keep you from revival. If he can keep you thinking that you don't deserve revival, that you're not worthy of revival, that God wouldn't want to give you a revival in your heart, the enemy is going to keep you from that. And you know what we got to do with if we're going to look back at our past, the first thing we got to do if you're a born again believer, what you got to do first before you can look back at that past is you got to look past that cross right there. You got to look past what happened at Calvary. Because all of that, all that past that you're so easily remembering, it's in the sea or forgetfulness. It's not there anymore. God doesn't remember that. And if he doesn't remember that, why do we get so worked up about it? Why do we let that stuff afflict our mind so much? Take up so much of our our bandwidth up here. We got a memory, but we it doesn't have to be filled with that junk. Fill it with what's happened in a service. When you seen people get healed, when you seen people come down to the altar and cry their eyes out and give their heart to the Lord, fill it with that. Think on these things. These things that are good, these things that are worthwhile. Think on these things. That's what the word tells us. In the scripture, I got all all out of where we at 2 Chronicles 7:13-18. It says, "Now mine eyes shall be open and mine ears attent unto the prayer that is made in this place." That's right after he gives he lays some conditions here. He lays conditions of what he wants our condition to be or what he wanted their condition to be. He says, "Now mine eyes shall be open in mine ears a tent unto the prayer that is made in this place. For now I have cho have I chosen and sanctified this house that my name may be there forever and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually." And as for thee, if thou wilt walk before me as David thy father walked. Now, there's no guesswork here. The Lord's saying exactly what he's looking for. Come on. And I'm so happy he's done that in the scripture. How could he hold us accountable if he hadn't been completely transparent and told us what the believer should be in this day. But he's told us what he wants in this day. Yeah. That's so he can hold us accountable to his word. Thank you, Lord. It says, "And do according to all that I have commanded thee." Now, doing all that he's commanded us today, that may be giving up some of our free time, some of that me time that we cherish. Some of that time when it's when it's just me and I'm doing my own thing, that may be giving up your hobby time. That may be giving up a vacation or two. That's going to require sacrifice because Christianity, it is solely built on sacrifice. The prophet says in one place, Christianity is living for others. It's completely built on sacrifice. Jesus's whole ministry, it was built on sacrifice. If there was one example he said, that's what he wanted you to see. Is that living this way, li living that that straight and narrow way, it's going to require sacrifice. There may be things that look fun to do. There may be things that tickle the ears. There there may be a lot of glamour out there, but the prophet told us, he said, glamour is what gets the church in trouble. That's what got Jehoshaphat in trouble with Ahab. He came, the prophet tells us, he dramatized the story. He said Ahab took him into the kingdom and he started showing him all these shiny things. And when we're looking around out here, there's a lot of shiny things, church. There's a lot of things that catch your ear, catch your eye. The eye, what did he say? It was the gateway to the soul. We have to watch what we're looking at. We have to watch what we're feeding on. That's right. You know, there's these things the prophet talked about those little Amalachites. He said, "If you let them stay in your life, they're going to become a big Amalachite one day, and they're not going to have the same mercy on you that you had on them." And I think about that, maybe these little things in our lives that that's taking up a little bit too much time. These things that that maybe we're putting a little bit above God, that's priority number one, and maybe God's three or four or five or or somewhere in there. Wherever we can work them in at depending on what day of the week is. If we got this on Tuesday, well, he might knock down to seven that day. If we got this on a Wednesday night, he might knock down to 12 that day. Just wherever he's ranked at at that point. But these little Amalachites, these things that don't that don't they're not inherently sinful things in our lives. And I'm not going to start naming stuff because you probably already got some things in your mind right now when you start talking about these things in church. I've sat there on the pew before and just thought, "Well, the chair before, not the pew, the chair." But the things start popping in your mind. Well, actually, I put this above God this week. I put this above God this week. I I felt a nudge to go get into the word. I felt a nudge to go read my Bible, to listen to a tape. But instead, I did this. And that can be those little amalachites in our lives. And they start right there. And you give him some space. And you give the devil a foot in the door. And then he takes a mile. You give him an inch and he'll take a mile. You You give him five minutes of your time, he'll take an hour. Come on. And that's how it happens, church. That's a there's a spirit of compromise in the land in this day. There's a spirit that can get on us just the same as it can anybody out there and it'll slowly making you start compromising. And that's a slippery slope. You know, you don't you don't just see people one day they're they're a they're a full-fledged born again believer. They're this and they're that and then they're all of a sudden out in the world. No, it's a spirit of compromise. I'll do this and then I'll do this and the slope is slippery and you just go right to the bottom of it. And I don't mean that to sound negative, but that's the truth if we don't watch it. Because that spirit of compromise, what it tells the person is that Jesus Christ can live in this heart and so can that other thing. It says that both things can coincide. It says that you can have me and you can have Jesus. You you can have this little hobby that maybe might not be right. And the prophet said, "If there's a question in it, don't do it. Say it for me. Don't do it." Amen. But there's things like that in our lives. He goes on here. He says, "When Joshua entered the land of Canaan, he said, don't you let one of them live. If it's a cute little baby, a little Amalachite or Amorite," he said, "Kill it." He said, "You remember, he'll grow up to be an Amalachite. He'll pollute the camp. He'll pollute the camp in here. He'll pollute the heart is what it'll do." He said, "When those little things come back like that disagreeing with the word of God, get rid of that thing. I don't care what denomination it belongs to. You say, "Well, they're good. I don't care how good a people they are. If they're contrary to that word, you may say that about something in your life." Well, it's good. It's fun. I like doing it. Said, "I already wear long skirts. I already don't cut my hair. I already can't look like the fashion of the world. Why can't I just have this little thing?" It doesn't matter what it is. If it's getting in your the way of you're in God's relationship, if it's taking up God's time in our lives, now I'm preaching to myself here, too. I believe everybody can struggle with this. Because it's so easy to think, well, I'm not I'm not really doing nothing too bad here. I can't really find in a scripture where this is exactly wrong. But God will let you know if you'll seek him out and you'll say, "Lord, show me where I'm coming up short. Show me why I don't have that same joy I used to have in service. Show me why I'm not still free in service. What what's shackled me down, Lord? What's held me down? Be open with me, God. Talk with me. And when you do that with a sincere heart, when you seek God sincerely, he will show you. He'll open your eyes to whatever it may be. Lord, what's keeping me from being healed? Lord, I know what your word says. So, there has to be a block somewhere. There's got to be something blocking this healing of my body, this healing of my mind. Lord, what am I doing? Where am I falling short? These are questions we got to ask, church. There's Let's turn over to Nehemiah. I like his approach here. And Nehemiah's story, he goes back and he he builds the walls of Jerusalem up again. Very interesting character in the scripture. We'll try and move quickly through this here. But Nehemiah in the first chapter, the first thing he does, so he learns of it that this this brother comes to him and he he tells him about the state of Jerusalem. And the first thing Nehemiah, he's torn up about it. He doesn't know what to do. He he's he's confused. He well, you know, he he's tore up about it just in general. And the first thing that he does after he learns of this, he doesn't do anything else, but he repents. First thing, it's Nehemiah 1, it'll be verses 5- 11. He has a heart of repentance. Yeah. Nehemiah drops down and he says, "Lord, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for what the people have done. I'm sorry for what I've done. I'm sorry for all of this." And he asked for I believe Nehemiah is asking for some restoration. He's asking for some revival. He's going to need help. He's not going to revive himself. He's not going to restore himself. We don't restore ourselves. The Lord Jesus Christ and the blood of Jesus Christ has to restore us. It has to revive us. It That's the only thing that can fix a broken heart, a contrite heart, as Psalm 51 says, is the blood of Jesus Christ. You can work on it. You You can You can go to psychology classes. Come on. You can go see You can see a therapist. Nothing wrong with it if anybody does it. But the only thing that's going to fix it long term is the blood of Jesus Christ. If another man or another woman can fix it for you, the devil can break it again just as fast. and he will. He'll let you go on that that long that long escapade, that long adventure and see where that'll lead. But then you get out there again and he'll just break it one more time. First thing Nehemiah did, he repented. The very first thing and then I like when he finally gets to Jerusalem, what he does is he rides around Jerusalem. He's going to look at all the damage. He's going to see everything that's been broken, everything that's been damaged. And that's what we have to seek out in our lives. Lord, why do I feel this way about this person? Lord, why do I feel this way about this? What's been damaged in me? What needs fixing? What do I have a callous heart somewhere? Have I been rubbed wrong? You know, a callous, it's caused by friction. And sometimes, so many a time, we can that'll happen to our hearts. People do stuff to us. Things happen in our lives and we get little calluses on our heart and that shuts us off in that area. We don't let anybody in that area. That's our spot. That's our spot where nobody can get by. Nobody can touch. And you know what happens? I was counseling one of my friends recently. He He's not a believer. And I was counseling about his marriage and his wife had done something that calloused his heart. She had been unfaithful in a way. And it had calloused his heart. And as we we were digging deeper in their lives, all they had done right right when one of their hearts will get calloused because of something the other one did, then the other one's heart would be callous because they'd get back at them. They'd lash out. they'd go at them again. And so we dug through all these calluses in their heart. And then we look even deeper in their lives. And this is each one of us here tonight. There's things from when we were small that's calloused us, that's put a scar on our lives, that's that's burdened us in certain areas of our lives. And that's things we have to fight through. If we want revival in the heart, we got to get rid of those things. And those things right there, nobody gets rid of but Jesus Christ. That's right. The these are real things that we have to deal with, church. If we're coming in here and we're if we're just saying we want revival so somebody will run up and down these aisles, well, that's not what we're looking for. I'm looking for a life to be changed. I'm looking I'm looking for more of the Holy Ghost. I'm looking for more of him in here. That's what I'm looking for. I love the spirit dropping on people. I like to see people running, screaming, shouting. I love it, church. But what we're looking for is a real heartfelt revival. What we're looking for is something that's going to get us ready to leave this place one of these days. That's what we're looking That's the bride's revival. Getting ready to go home. Come on. That's what we're looking for. Something to light us on fire and get ready for the coming of the Lord. Thank you, Lord. But sometimes we sit here and we we just we we don't look like we're ready for the coming of the Lord sometimes, church. And I'm talking to me again, too. Sometimes I sit in a church service and I think, "How can I expect God to take me home one day when I'm sitting here with with this thought in my mind with this thought about somebody else with this feeling in my heart? How can I expect that from God? Have I fulfilled what he expects of me? Am I living how he expects me to live? Am I walking his way?" Cuz it's easy to walk that way that's wide that everybody's going down. But church, that's not what we're called to. Come on. We're called to a road that's very narrow to to a to a oneperson road. A believer's road. And that's a road of sacrifice. It it it's a road of giving anything. Everything's on the table for the Lord Jesus Christ. That's right. So Nehemiah goes on and he urged them to build so it wouldn't be a reproach any longer. He looked at those walls of Jerusalem as a reproach. He looked at it as a disgrace. We've let the enemy come in and destroy our our place of habitation. We've let the enemy come in and destroy God's chosen people's place. Yes. And that can happen again today. We let the enemy come in and destroy our lives. We let him rule in certain areas. We let him have stuff that's not his. It reminds me of Shamgar. That that story that the prophet told Shamgar. He dramatized a little bit and he those Shamgar got all his stuff up in his barn and the Philistines came walking down the road and they were going to take it from him. one more time. Everything that was rightfully shamguards was stored up there. Everything he had to feed his family. Right. And you know that that's a good point right there. You know, sometimes the devil steals so much from you. Us with families, we don't have enough to feed them. We don't have enough to give them. Us with children, you'll let the enemy steal from you so much. There's none of you left to pour into your children. How do we expect to have a youth that's on fire for God if we're not on fire for God? If we constantly let the enemy steal and take and steal and take and we don't got nothing left for our kids no more. How we expect them to be on fire. You know the prophet said he said that the revival let me I might have the quote here. I got it right here. He said warm up to God. He said come back to him. He said throw your heart out to him. He said I was reading a sermon the other night about our sister Brown here at the conference down there and yes he was talking about a woman preacher. He said and how she preached the Calvary road a road of sacrifice. What a masterpiece of a sermon that was what people need today. I promise I'm not advocating for women preachers. I didn't come here to do that. I promise. He said, "What a We got Joel, so that's bad enough. We don't need I apologize, church. I just had to say that, you know, inspiration that came to me." He said, "But what a masterpiece of a sermon that was." He said, "What people need today is get back on that self-sacrifice. lay your all on the altar and forget who you are, but the son of God or the daughter of God. He said, "Walk forward. Claim every promise God's got for you. There will be a revival that will shake New York like never shook before." And on this quote, I like to right there where it says shake New York. Insert the city you're living in. Put the name of your It'll shake Hardy like it's never shook before. That's not just in New York. That's to anywhere if we can go by what this quote says. He said, "Men, come back and men and women come back to God. Come back to the place." He said, "I don't mean come back to church. I mean, come back to God. Let every home start a revival." He said, "That's right. Turn out the beer cans. Throw out the card party." And there you go again. Whatever you got that's keeping you back from revival, insert it right there. Turn out the whatever it is. throw out the whatever it is that's holding your life back, that's holding your heart back from a God-scent revival in this hour. We have to get in that dove condition. We can't have that nature of a wolf on us any longer, church. We can't carry that around with us. It spreads. He said, "What we need today is an oldfashioned God- sent revival." He said, "Clean up the home. Clean up the heart." He said, "Get things ready." I love this right here. He says, "Start a revival in your home and it will begin at church." Start a revival in your home and it'll begin at church. Because what the young people don't like to see is mommy and daddy being one way at home out there and then and then coming in here and turning into a worshshiper all of a sudden, turned into somebody that's praising the Lord all of a sudden. That's right. Because that that's a double standard. Nobody likes a double standard. Nobody likes a hypocrite. You know, a lot of people had their idea of the great falling away in this day. Yeah. And you know what the prophet said? You know, we try we try and say the great falling away and we try and point at this group and point at that group and and say it's them, it's them because they believe this way and they believe that. But what he what he attributed to the great falling away was a lukewarm condition of the church. That's what he said. The great falling away was the lukewarm fence riding condition of the church. That's what he called it right there. Right. that spirit of compromise coming in telling you you can have Jesus and you can have this too. You can have both of them. But church, we can't have both of them. As he goes on here, he says, "Preacher, don't bring it in his briefcase." He said, "God sends it from heaven to the individuals." That's true. He sends it straight to the individual's heart. Amen. We are the revival, church. You are the revival. You sitting there, it's you're the revival. That's a responsibility from the scripture. What did the Welsh revival man say when they walked up to him? He was on the job. You know who's talking about the revival at their job here? Raise your hand. But he was on the job. He was twirling that baton. And they said, "Where's that revival?" And he said, "That revival is right here." And if this revival isn't right here, church, how are we going to bring in the end? What are they going to see that's different? Are they going to see a different life? We got to show them a different life, church. And that starts with revival in the heart right here. That starts with taking that revival home. Not just getting happy here, but getting happy at home with the kids. Reading that Bible at night. Listen to them tapes with the kids. Reading the Bible with the kids. Come on. Toss the TVs out. Toss the movies out. Toss those things out. When did it come back in? How did it slip back in? Yeah. Let's get rid of these things, church. Let's move on with God. Move on past these things. Yes, sir. Come on. Amen. Good preaching. as musicians come, we can we'll go ahead and close it down. Joel only gave me a few minutes up here, so I guess I'll Brother Ben gave me four hours. Joel gave me like 14 minutes. So, I'll just read a few more quotes here, church. Prophet says, "So revival in our day." He said, "How can we have it when the regular revival giver is bound by the world?" And that's a question we got to ask ourselves. Come on. If it's bound by the world, how are we going to get it? God won't come in where the world is. He said, "You can just depend on that." He said, "You associate with the world, then it's all of it." He said, "When you let the world creep in, you go to acting like the world, then you are finished. But when you'll cut loose every feder from the world and come to God. Now I know many of us here have probably had the initial coming to God. But it it but the prophet said it's birthed into this, birthed into this, birthed into this. We're not going to we're not going to get to a point where we receive enough of the Holy Spirit. Come on. I want to keep receiving it. I want more and more. I want the mercies. He says in Lamentations 3, I want the mercies to be new every day. That's what revival is. Like it's the first time again. Like the first time when you remember Jesus Christ touching your heart. When you remember him whispering you. When you remember realizing I didn't do nothing to earn this. I'm unworthy. I was no good. But by the grace of God, by God's election in this hour, he chose me. Put that in remembrance, church. Put that in your mind. He said, "When you let the world creep in, you go to acting like the world, then you are finished. But when you'll cut loose every fetter from the world and come to God, God will use you until you go to flirting again." He said, "Here's the only hope that I have this morning to wind up my message is this. While Samson was bound, a new shock of hair growth out while he was bound." In another place, he said, "Revive us, O Lord." Maybe let's bow our heads while we read this one. This was a prayer the prophet prayed. He said, "Revive us, oh Lord. Send your holy spirit upon us and bring forth the refreshing, the dew drops of mercy from above." He said, "Oh God, revive our community here." He said, "Revive the whole city. Revive the churches around. Revive the Methodists. Or should we say, revive the other Methodist churches, too. I don't just want Christ in my heart, but I want it in everybody's heart." He said, "Revive the Methodist. Revive the Baptist. Revive all of them, Lord. And oh God, may it begin right here in this congregation. Let that be your prayer tonight, church. May there be such a reviving and awakening among us, Lord, till the Holy Ghost taking our hearts and tearing us apart and squeezing from us the precious ointment that he would desire for our church to be anointed with. He said, "Grant it, Lord." [Music] And another place he said, "We need a revival of love amongst the children of God." Heavenly Father, we just ask that you would touch each heart here, oh God, that you would that you would send the revival giver into this service, Lord. That you would send them to each and every heart that has a need, that's hurting in their body, that's hurting in their mind, that has any affliction. Lord, let them know who they are, Lord. The we believe that the land is subdued before us, Lord, as the scripture said. And father, we don't want to be one of those that you rebuke that you have to you have to say, "Why haven't you taken the inheritance?" But Lord, we want to freely accept every promise of God right now on the basis on the rock of the revelation of Jesus Christ. We accept the blood of Jesus Christ tonight. And Father, we plead the blood over anything in our lives, over everything in our lives. It doesn't just have to be bad. But Lord, we want you, Lord. We can't even walk without you holding our hand. Hallelujah. Lord, we depend on your grace and on your mercy. And we thank you for all you've done for us in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] Amen. Within me. [Music] has created me a clean heart. Stand together while we sing it. Oh God, why don't you raise your hand and sing it to him today? The right spirit within me. Maybe on a Wednesday night, you could just ask him, "Lord, I I need revival. I need it in my home. Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Oh, take off thy holy spirit from me. Oh granny, Lord, make it your prayer now. Oh, won't you restore unto [Music] me of thy salvation. Oh, sing it now. And renew arise spirit within you. Well, I think that ought to stir us up tonight to go home and get down on our knees. I I felt stirred. Just a simple message tonight, but I felt stirred. I I need a revival. Need a revival in my home. I You go around the walls and you start just walking around Brother Jared. you get to look and you think that got broke down and and the fire burnt that and and maybe like you said, you get around and start looking say I got a bad feeling against that person or or or I started to think ill of that person. Just just let the Lord come in and take all that out. Could we just pray that way? Lord, by by the time Sunday morning comes around, I just want to be clean, Lord. I I want to be right. I I want things to be right in my family. I I want the spirit of God to have the freedom to move in every area of my life. Not every door would be open. Every every heart would be right. Amen. Let's just make that our prayer and our desire. We had a a good experience at camp. I watched Brother Ryan uh dear. He uh he really had an experience with God. I watched him. He got to every service. the first person in the building usually and he was the last person to leave and uh he had told me that he wanted to be baptized and and uh brother Ryan said he was baptized as a young child but he didn't really know what he was doing. He said, "Brother Ben, I want to be rebaptized and he want to be rebaptized tonight." And we've got water in the in the tank. So, we're going to do that for brother Ryan tonight. And uh just that, brother Ryan, that same Holy Spirit that set you on fire at camp, he can be with you every day of your life. And we just pray that he'll be filled with the Holy Ghost and and just make a difference in his family and in a in in his community. And you never know what God can do. He could take one of these young men and set a family on fire and and or a young woman, a young lady sitting here, set your family on fire, set your home on fire, your school, wherever you're at. People can say there's a difference there. We still believe in this church. We, you know, we we believe we we're at a end time. We're very far along in these things, but we still believe in revival. And from time to time, we need to come back and say, "Lord, cleanse me, oh God. Create a right spirit in my heart. Nothing else matters if I don't have you. Lord, I I need you. I need you to move." So, we're going to worship just a minute. And if you need prayer, the altar's open. Don't hesitate to come and we'll be pray for you. Then Josh will pray with you and I will as well. But if you uh we'll we'll just worship for just a little bit and then we'll go and and just like we normally do go right over if you need to go at that time. You can go ahead and go home if you need to or you can go with us and we'll just continue the service at the fellowship hall as we baptize brother. Do you love the Lord tonight? Aren't you glad that he spoke to your heart tonight? Amen. Let's sing this now. Oh, restore us. Oh, sing it to him now, church. Make it your prayer. The joy joy of thy salvation. Sing it now. Oh, and renew a bright spirit within me. Cast me in a way. One more time. Oh, just cast me on away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from thee. Won't you restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me? [Music] Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Oh, heavenly father, I appreciate [Music] you. Oh, I love you, adore you. I bow down before you heavenly father. I appreciate praise you one more time. Oh heavenly father I appreciate. Oh you love him tonight. Oh yes we do. Oh heavenly father, I appreciate you. Oh, I love you. Adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort. Can we sing it this way one time? Oh, Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to [Music] me. Oh, Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. [Music] Oh, you lead me. You guide me. You're dwelling inside me. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. One more before we go. I'm glad that mercy rerote my life. Oh, I'm glad that mercy re my life. Oh, can you just tell him tonight that you're thankful? Oh, yes. I should have fallen my soul. Cast down first. Rroll my life. Just play that. Amen. Just play that. If you would, if you'll just make your way uh to that out the door right there uh by the restrooms. just go out that door and go to the fellowship hall. Uh we're still we're not going to dismiss until we're there. If you have to go, uh you're welcome to to leave, but if you would just let's not congregate and talk until we're done with the baptism. Amen. Aren't you thankful for what the Lord's doing. Amen. So, we just want to go ahead and those of you that want to stay for the baptism, just step right there in the fellowship hall and we'll continue the service there. God bless you. Just go reverently if you would right across there. And it just take just take a few minutes. So, you're welcome to stay and and see that. Amen.
