################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-02 - Bro. Wendall Martin  The Press Sunday Morning 3-2-25 - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-02
Title:   Bro. Wendall Martin " The Press" Sunday Morning 3-2-25
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_mIz-RT_q4
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Laughter] Oh, Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see [Music] you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Yes, I want to see you. To see you high and lifted up to see you high and lifted up. All shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Yes. I to see you high and lifted up again. Oh, to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power in love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Yes, I want to see you. Amen. Welcome everybody to the house of the Lord this morning just to enter in and worship with us. And we got our brother Wendle speaking for us this morning. So just looking forward to that. Amen. Let's sing that song just over in the glory land. We'll start with a verse there. [Music] Can y'all help me sing this morning of a home prepared where the saints abide just over in the glory land and I long to be by my savior's side. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the [Music] [Applause] [Music] glory. Oh, just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. I am on my way to those mansions fair. Just over in the glory land. Oh, there to sing God's praise and his glory share. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. And what a joyful thought that my Lord I'll see just over in the glory land. And with kindred saint there forever be just over in the glory land. Yes. It's just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. there with the mighty host. I'll stand just over. And why don't you turn around and greet your neighbor in the name of the Lord. [Music] [Music] With the blood washed throng I will shout and sing just over in the glory land. Glad hosanas to Christ the Lord and King. Just over in the glory lamb. Oh, just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Y'all have to help me sing this morning. I was burning fields off last night and apparently it has affected my breathing. So, I was good until I started singing. But y'all help me sing this morning. You're sounding good. Amen. You looking forward to a good day in the house of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song. When the redeemed, I lowered it to the key of F. Let's try that. I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, how we'll raise the heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from sin. How we'll shout and how we'll sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, what music, oh what singing for that city will be ro when the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing. When the redeemed are gathering in the saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in, then the angels all will listen for they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed. David, last verse. Then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet board when the redeemed are gathering in. And we'll hear his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed, let me hear you sing it this morning. Oh, in the redee. You looking forward to that day and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed. And let's sing that chorus once again. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow and free from sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Amen. You looking forward to that day? Amen. Amen. Just before the ushers come, let's sing that song. Key of G. Nothing but the blood. What can wash away? Yep. Fast. Amen. Well, what can wash away my sin? Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Amen. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found. I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. For my pardon. This I see. Nothing but the blood of Jesus for my cleansing. This my plea. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jesus and nothing can for sin atone. Nothing but the blood of Jesus and not of good that I have done nothing but the blood. Oh preious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found. I know nothing but the blood. And the last verse. This is all my hope and peace. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. This is all my rightousness. Nothing but the blood with all of our [Music] hearts. Oh, preious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. Amen. be thankful for the blood this morning. Amen. We got quite a few requests. Amen. Maybe if they'd just play something softly this morning. Amen. This is for brother Bill White Camp. Um uh his dad, brother Bill's father is not doing very good. Um looks like he may be passing away soon. So just be praying for the Yam family there that God will just just go and touch them in this time. Also um for brother Ben Gau he's requesting prayers uh for a specific situation to just be praying for our brother Ben there. Also this morning uh Miles Puit is is running a fever. So just be praying for him. Also want to be praying for our brother Joel. He's going to be going on a a mission trip to Samoa, New Zealand. He's going to be leaving tomorrow. So just be praying for our brother Joel and I believe brother Andrew going on that. So just be praying for them also. Um uh please pray for the Macan Mortez uh family. Uh Renee, just a young lady. Um she uh passed away yesterday. Um she's got two two 10year-old boys and a husband. They desperately need your prayer. She was someone we grew up with. Just a sweet young lady. Amen. Just be praying for their family as they go through this time. Amen. If you have an unspoken request, if you just want to make it known by the uplifting of your hand. Amen. We ask our brother Caleb to take these needs for us this morning. Father, we thank you Lord for the opportunity to meet you here today. Lord, we're just honored and blessed. Father Lord, we just ask you to meet the many needs of the people. Lord, those who are suffering, those who are in mourning, Father, we just ask you to be with them and comfort them. Lord, those who need a healing touch, Father, we just ask you to just come down their way, Lord. And Father, we just ask you would speak to our hearts today what we have need of. Lord, we just ask you to bless the tithes and offerings for your kingdom in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated as the ushers come by. We'll sing this chorus in his time. Oh, in his time. In his time. [Music] He makes all things beautiful in his [Music] time. Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way. that you'll do just what you say in your [Music] time. Amen. We got a request for Sister Allison to sing this morning. Amen. If you'd go ahead and come. We also got a card from Brother Paul and Sister Tracy. It just said, "Your prayers and concerns are greatly appreciated." Um, and I'll hang this up for the back to everybody to read the card. um to read the card. The operation was successful. Um they successfully installed more stances. So, praise the Lord. So, let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise there. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold and shine through the shadows. burn like a [Music] fire. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by depression. Oh, I speak Jesus through your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every [Music] enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of [Music] Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of [Music] Jesus. For your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Amen. Did you enjoy that song this morning? Yes. And let's sing that song. Um, peace of God cover me if we could. Amen. And is that what you want? Is this peace? Amen. Peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storms. Cover me. Only in you I am safe and only in you I'm [Music] secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I [Music] understand cover me. Cover me. Peace of God cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storms. [Music] Only in you I am safe and only in you I'm [Music] secure and only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I [Music] understand. Cover me. Let's sing that chorus again and lift your hands to him this morning. Oh, cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? [Applause] Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Just looking forward to a wonderful day. Let's sing that song. You deserve the glory. Amen. As we invite Brother Ben to come this morning. Amen. I believe Brother Windle may sing for us. So, Amen. Just be praying for him this morning. Let's sing this as we invite Brother Ben to come. If you want to go ahead and stand as we prepare to change the word of the service. Amen. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship. As we lift your holy name, for you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. There is no like you. Sing that again. You deserve You deserve the glory. Oh, do you believe he deserves it this morning? Oh Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve. Oh yes you do, Lord. Oh Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh my. Can we give him a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Aren't you glad there's nobody like him? Amen. Good to seeing each and every one of you back with us today, Brother David. Good to see you back with us this morning and each one of you. Brother Paul, my goodness. Tell you what, he had that uh um heart procedure on uh this week and he told me on the phone, he said, "I'm going to be there Sunday." And in my mind, I said, "I doubted, but he's here." So, forgive me for doubting, brother Paul. We appreciate you. Appreciate you coming to the house of God. Good to see all of you with us today. And brother JT back there look like you're doing better. God bless you. I just believe the Lord's going to help you. Sister Fritz, I hope you're feeling okay. I I just believe the Lord's helping you this morning. Brother uh Bill, we need to remember him. Brother Bill White Camp and his family, they're dealing with uh his dad uh is very close to passing. So, we just need to be praying for them especially. It's very difficult to sit there and watch someone that you can't help them. You feel so helpless. I've been there with my own dad and and so we just need to pull for them and and uh pray for comfort for that family and and that that would uh uh go as peacefully as possible. And we just believe the Lord can do great things, don't we? Amen. It's good to have Sister Fresco with us this morning. God bless you. And brother Wendle's with us. It was kind of a sudden thing. They come up and just needed to get a few days away. and I just kind of impressed on him to to come this morning cuz believe the Lord uh speaks through our brother and we just love him so much and he's been a mentor to me. I I think uh brother Joel may not even be where he's at today uh and maybe not myself as well, but brother Joel especially was benefited from brother Windle's ministry and the opening of the word and things early on and and uh you can't replace that. God uses men in your lives for a reason. And so we're so thankful for brother Wendell and we just stand with him. He's been a pastor there in Pawne, Oklahoma for almost 40 years and he don't look that old enough to have been a pastor for that long, but we sure love Brother Wendell and thank you for coming. He's going to sing for you this morning. So we're going to have several songs hopefully from Brother Wendle this morning and we're just going to join in and worship the Lord. Do you love him this morning? Isn't God good to us? Amen. Isn't he good? You know, no matter what we've gone through or what's happened in our life, it says, the Bible says, his mercies are new every morning. And I'm so grateful for that. Every day when we wake up, he said, "My mercies are new." Amen. God bless you. We're going to uh let's sing uh Some Glad Morning when this life is over. Brother Windle comes and get him set up up here this morning. Some glad morning when this life is over I I'll fly away to a home on God's shore. Oh my way. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh [Music] my. Well, glory to God. Amen. Aren't you in love with the Lord Jesus here today? Isn't he just wonderful? And uh it's it what a what an honor it is to be here today. And uh you know, it's always an honor to be in the house of the Lord. And uh but man, it's really nice to be back home with with friends here. And and we just feel like we're all it just feels like it's like a second home over here. And u uh we just we truly love you guys. God bless you. You can be seated here here today. And um I might have a a few might try a few uh different songs here. You know, we uh the this old this old flesh, this old nature that you deal with, Satan is is always trying to take advantage of you. And you know, you've got the [Music] um the the Apostle Paul put it. He said, "We have a treasure in earthn vessels." That's right. And um sometimes this old flesh can can really get get the best of you. Yes, sir. And uh can wear on you and your mind can uh uh Well, how many's ever had mind battles? Well, praise the Lord. I don't think I have to explain all that. I think y'all know it. But uh so here's the song and I uh you maybe maybe you musicians can uh just uh don't override me. Just uh it's in I think we'll be in B and um we'll see how how this goes here. Trouble seems to like your style and you're feeling all [Music] alone. At your last resort, they had to leave for a while. Leave your name at the sound of the tone. Come on. It seems the world up and moved away. All that stayed was fear and doubt. They came looking for trouble and decided to stay. Now you're looking for a way to check out. Take it to Jesus. He knows he feels he cares. No one does it better when your life's in need of repair. Come on. Take it to [Music] Jesus. What a comfort to know your friend is always there. Old memories in the middle of the night. Chase the sleep out of your eyes. Is dark. But as you fiddle with the light, you break down and start to cry. Some bitter, painful past mistakes have been haunting you again and conjuring up the image of the fool that it takes to think that you could ever win. Take it to Jesus. He knows. He feels he cares. No bone does it better when your life's in need of repair. Take it, Jesus. What a comfort to know your friend is always there. Take it to Jesus. He knows. He feels he cares. No one does it better when your life's in need of repair. Take it to Jesus. Yeah. What a comfort to know your friend is always there. What a comfort to know your friend is always there. [Applause] Amen. Well, praise the Lord. Well, I I that's I was going to Well, that's that's the first time I've sung that in public, period. So, you guys got uh Amen. Well, praise the Lord. Aren't you glad for the Lord Jesus? Amen. Let me walk with you, Lord. Let my footsteps pursue. I want to know you as never before. to be consumed by your glory, baptized in your love, so I can show all the world your [Music] grace as I come into the courts of your throne through and I feel the all of your [Music] grace. I will reach my hands out to touch [Music] you. as my eyes behold your face. I'll let my face soar high into your [Music] heavens as I kneel here in prayer to talk with you. Lord, I love to hear your voice cuz it settles all doubts. You've gave your promise and you're always the same. [Applause] No matter where I should [Music] go, it helps me to know that you're right here beside me. I know as I come into the courts of your throne room and I feel the all of your grace. I will reach my hands out to touch you. as my eyes. Behold your face. I'll let my face soar high into your heavens as I kneel here in prayer and talk with you, Lord, as I kneel here in prayer and walk with you, [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that you can go to the Lord in prayer? Aren't you glad that you're not just you're not just praying to a totem pole or it's not just a figment of mountains imagination, but the Lord Jesus is living. Oh yeah. and he's real and he hears your prayer. Well, can you say amen? Amen. Lots of the battles, lot lots of the things in the Christian life is are are going to be full of heartaches and trials and Amen. There's going to be a lot of situations that you go through, but the grace of God is always there. The mercy of God is always there to restore. Amen. to renew. Can you say amen? Some of my songs that people love so much were written when I was in the deepest of despair of my life. And if it hadn't been for God allowing me to go through the despair of my life, I would have not been able to reach something way down inside me that can benefit somebody else. Can you say amen? Amen. She's weathered many [Music] storms. Many times she thought she'd die. But his grace kept on leading and she's cresting every tide. Many days upon the [Music] waters, sailing neath the angry skies. Her compass has not failed her. And her captain never dies. I can see heaven shore. Home time is coming. The saints of the ages are there to welcome me home. The ship is battered. The sails are torn, but it's brought me safely to my father's arms. Many boats have started out alone, but only one, my friend, can make it. These rolling seas are sure to build and the hurricanes crash. But our our captain's proven. So let all hail roar. This ship will dock safely in spite of the storms. Yeah, the key of B. I can see heaven shores home to be flat is coming. The aes are there to welcome me home. The ship is battered. The sails are torn. But it's brought me safely to my father's arms. Yes, I can see heaven's yours. Home time is coming. Hallelujah. Oh, the saints of the aes are there to welcome me home. The ship is battered. That sails are torn. Hallelujah. But it's brought me safely to my father's [Music] arms. It's brought me [Music] safely to my father's arms. [Music] Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Give. Sometimes I feel like running away. You ever been there? Temptation tries to lead me astray. But I call upon the Lord where no s at my door. And then he drives all my sorrows all away. Well, you can talk and try to put me down. There ain't nothing you say to turn me around. I've tasted that milk and his flow and I ain't giving it up. Ain't letting go. I'm going to stand my ground. I'm going to fight till I die. Ain't I g in? So I sit down and cry. I'm a soldier fulfilling the borders of love. Ain't a g in a plan to die. Sometimes I feel like running away. You ever been there? Temptation tries to lead me astray. But I call upon the Lord when oh Satan's at my door. Then he drives all my sorrows all away. Well, you can talk and try to put me down. There ain't nothing you should turn around. I've tasted that milk and honey's flow and I ain't giving it up. Ain't letting go. Help me sing it. I'm going to stand my ground. I'm going to fight till I die. Ain't a g in. No, I sit down and cry. I'm a soldier fulfilling the orders of the law. Ain't a G and ain't a plan to die. I'm going to stand my ground. I'm going to fight till I die. Ain't a G in it. No, I sit down and cry. A soldier fulfilling the orders of God. Ain't a G in. Ain't a plan to die. Ain't a G on in. Ain't a plan to die. Well, glory. Well, hallelujah. Aren't you glad for the Lord Jesus? Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. You can be seated one more time. Amen. You know, sometimes it's just good to say sing a few songs. And uh I've sung some of these that I haven't sung before, but Amen. I I I I love the Lord. Do you love the Lord? Amen. One more song and then u and then we'll get and I don't know if I've sung I I wrote this before I came the last time. There's a lot of talk about the latest news. This old world just don't have a clue anymore. Did I sing it the last time I was here? I messed myself up. There's a lot of talk about the latest news. This old world just don't have a clue anymore. Politicians say that boys are girls. Defund the police so that we're secure. Kill those babies cuz mama, she's got a [Music] choice. It's just about enough to give a guy the blues. Sin and death is making the rules. But I have got my sights on another world. While I know it's true that things are bad, I'm looking up with eyes. So glad I've got this greatest feeling to go [Applause] home. Going home where I belong. I hear the seven angel shout, "Get ready. It won't be long. I've applied the blood to the door. Sin and death will have me no more because I am going home. Let's try D. While I must admit that from time to time the thoughts of leaving my toe in the line out [Music] here. The plagues are falling all around. The angel of death is circling town. Those without the blood will surely fall. But I'm standing blood of the lamb, feasting on the words of the son of man. My pack and I know it won't be long. So if you're looking for me down here below, I have moved to my heavenly home. My Lord has come to take me take me home. Oh, going home where I belong. I hear the seventh angel shouting, "Get ready. It won't be long. I've applied the blood to the door. Sin and love will have me no more because I am going. I am going. I am going home. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. going home. Oh yeah. Praise the Lord. Well, I'm glad that we've got a blessed hope in the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, thank you. Amen. And that we are preparing to go home and it won't be too much longer. Amen. That the song Amen. It won't be long. We we sung that Wednesday night. Amen. Till we'll be leaving here. It won't be long. Till we'll be going home. And um and I I believe that is where we are today. Amen. Oh, we're so close. Well, glory to God. And I think you young people should be just as uh as excited as as as the elder people. Come on. Now, the elders, yes, they are getting you're getting they're closer Amen. They're they're they're closer home than than uh uh than they were when they were a young kid. But I will say, amen. We're not looking for a grave. We're looking for a rapture. We're not Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Where the young and the old, we are all fixing to be changed. Amen. And I'd like to look here in the book of of of Mark, the second chapter. Thank you for your patience here this morning. And I hope you enjoyed those songs. Some of them was a little bit low. And uh I don't I don't use capos too often and um but I I decided to try a capo and and uh we got it a little bit too low on a couple of those songs. But Amen. But isn't God just wonderful? If you wouldn't mind just standing to your feet here and help us to to read here in Mark uh 2 and 1. And again he entered into compernium after some days and it was no that he noised that he was in the house and straightway many were gathered together in so much that there was no room to receive them. No not so much as about the door and he preached the word unto them. And they come unto him bringing one sick of the py which was born of four. And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was. And when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the the sick of the Pauly lay. And when Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the Pauly, "Son, thy sins be forgiven thee." Now, I'd also like to look here in the book of Philippians 3:12. Amen. um uh 3 and 12. And these ear monitors are going in and out. I don't know if it's just signal or if it's battery or man, it might be just the signal. Um it says, "Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do." Yes. forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth under those things which are before. I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Can you say amen? Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we thank you today for your amazing love to us. Thank you for always being good to us. Thank you for never failing us. Thank you, Lord, for this blessed promise that we are going to soon meet you in the skies. For the dead in Christ shall rise first, and those which are alive and remain shall caught be caught up together to meet them in the air. Now Lord, this morning we're asking that you would give us all courage. And I just pray Lord that you would help me as I minister, Lord. And I just pray that you'll bless your congregation here. Bless our precious pastor and his wife. And Lord, the associate pastor and the the deacons and trustees, all those that labor here. Lord, bless every elder. Bless Lord every family. I pray father that your anointing would be here among us and give strength this morning in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can the church say amen? And amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I want to preach here this morning on the press. And uh I want to say that I so thoroughly enjoyed the Bible study the other night. Brother Ben on Wednesday night. It was a um I you you all have a wonderful Bible teacher here and um I was so blessed to be here and and and to listen and and um I appreciate the quality of man that brother Ben is and and um we appreciate uh brother Joel. He coming. Brother Joel preached our our New Year's meeting this year and and um what an incredible blessing he was. and all of you. Amen. It's just it's so good to to be a part of the great family of God, isn't it? Isn't it just wonderful? So, I I want to speak on press and as we were Amen. The New Testament meaning for press. Amen. H in the first scripture that we read, they they could not come nigh unto Christ for the press and they uncovered the roof where he was. And after they had broken it up, and man, they had uh uh tore the roof off the place, they they let they let the man that was their friend down right in front of Jesus. I that must have been quite the service. Yeah, I don't think they had microphones in those days. And and uh could you imagine Jesus trying to preach a sermon while the roof is coming off? And um so that word press, it in the New Testament, it can mean large crowds or multitudes, throngs. Amen. The press was wanting people wanting to see Jesus. Amen. But these men could not be satisfied with just seeing Jesus. They could not be satisfied with just saying, "Yes, I was I was there Sunday morning. Yes, I was there Wednesday night." It they weren't satisfied to say, "Oh, what a wonderful service it was." These men needed to get the attention of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. These men could not be satisfied with just being in the presence of Jesus. Amen. Now this morning, Amen. I I I I It's good to be here. It's It's good to be in the same place where Jesus is. It's good to be in Amen. where where we sing about him and we preach about him and we we sing about him and we we we do uh we pray prayers to him. Amen. And I, you know, sometimes on a Wednesday nights, how many knows it can be a little bit tough getting to church. When you get to church, you're sometimes you're not all there. Amen. You get you you you get weary in your mind. Amen. But listen, I I I think that there is something about somebody that's not wanting to just be a part of the congregation, but they want to get the attention of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. this morning if you made up your mind this morning that I don't want to just hear about him. I don't want to just feel him. I don't want to see the preacher anointed. I don't want to just hear a singer that's anointed, but I need to get the attention of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Well, can you say amen? I tell you, some of the best services is when you have been in a in a mind battle all week and you've gone through the fire and you've gone through the test and it seems like you're weary and you ain't got nothing left. Amen. Those are the times when the Lord Jesus uh and you press you have to press past your tiredness. You have to press past the mind battle. You have to press past these things. Uh amen. that when you come into his presence that you find out, amen, that he still has the answer, that he can still heal your body. That he can still renew your mind. That he can still do these things because when you come into his presence and get his attention, I tell you, good things happen when you get here. Well, can you say amen? How many wants to get his attention here this morning? I don't want to just be a part of the press, but I want to press into the kingdom of God. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. I want to know that he sees me. Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. Us preachers want to know that God sees us. Amen. Preachers wives want to know that God sees them. So, well, praise the Lord. Amen. Preachers go through trials, too. Amen. I'm here to tell you, Satan will do anything he can to stop God's purpose in every one of our lives. But I want to tell you, if you can get his attention, all things are made new when you get his attention. All right. Good buddy. Wonderful. The king of England come to Canada. Y'all know the story. To visit and schools had let let the kids out and oh my, they were all given flags. Amen. And and and when the king come through on the profession, a procession, they're in the parade, they they would hold their their flags out and and it was so nice everyone getting to see the king. Amen. But when they when it was all over with and the class all went back and they were doing a head count and they had lost this little girl and and and the little girl, they went tracing back and there she was had her head up against the telephone pole and and and there she was just a crying her eyes out. Amen. And they said, "Oh, what's wrong, sweetheart?" Amen. Did Didn't you get to see the the king? She says, "Oh, yes, I saw the king. Did did Did you Did you wave your flag? Oh, yes. I I wore I waved my flag. Amen. She says, "Then what's wrong?" She says, "I was too little. He didn't get to see my flag. He didn't see me." Amen. She wanted to be seen by the king. But I want to tell you here this morning, amen, that there is no individual that is in this building. I don't care how short you are, how little you are, how old you are. Amen. I don't care whether you're the deacon or Amen. whether you feel like you're the least in the church. Amen. He will honor faith. And if you will reach out to him and you'll call out to him. Amen. The Lord Jesus will see your faith. He will hear your cry. He will answer your prayer because he loves to have your attention. Yes. Can you say amen? Amen. Getting the attention. Hallelujah. I don't want to be a part of the press. I I don't want to just be a part of the congregation. I don't want to be the one that the pastor looks at and says, "Hi, I see him. You made it." Hallelujah. But I I want the Holy Ghost. I want to reach out and say, "God, I need you. I need your attention this morning." Oh, thank you, Lord. Well, can you say amen? Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Need his attention. You need his attention more than you need your wife's attention. You need his attention more than you need Amen. your husband's attention. Hallelujah. Amen. Today, people follow Christ for for many reasons. Amen. And those who follow Christ in the Bible days, Amen. were were of a mixed audience. There there were many there that were skeptics. Amen. And they were they were finding fault and there were many that were simply curious. Amen. To see uh if he was what was rumored that there were many multitudes and they were so innumerable you could not count them. Amen. There were so many that were following him. And and you know there is a desire for the kingdom when people talk about there's something about the supernatural that that that people are reaching out. They it it'll attract the supernatural. This message has attracted a lot of people in the first and second pools. Amen. And and and and it and it's wonderful. But you see, Amen. I don't want to just Amen. Come because I've heard something. I don't want to just come because I Amen. I I want to see Amen. I feel the presence of the Lord. I don't want to come just to to hear my favorite preacher. But it is so important that I come in contact with God. I don't want to just pray in the morning time. Amen. And not come in contact with him. I don't want to just read my Bible and not come in contact with him. Amen. When I do it, I want to know that I know that I know that he sees me and that he knows where I'm at. Can you say amen? Amen. The Apostle Paul, as we read, Amen. He says, "There's one thing that I do. I'm forgetting the things that are behind me." Yes, sir. And I'm reaching forth. I'm reaching forth into those things that are before me. Oh yeah. And I'm having to press. It's not easy. Man, there's a lot there that wants to keep me back. There's a lot there that wants to keep me down. There's a lot there that wants to keep me away from his presence. But I I must I must press toward the goal. I got to press toward the mark. There is something within me that is screaming out, I must press past these things that are trying to hinder me right now. Come on, sir. Amen. Sometimes you got to press past the condemnation to get in his presence. You got to press past Amen. You got to press past attitudes to get into his presence. You've got to press past your past. And you've got to forget those things which are behind you. And you've got to press with everything you've got. Yes, sir. Glory. All right. Wonderful. Absolutely. Yes. Amen. Good preaching. We can have an audience. Yeah. But I don't want to be a part of the audience, right? Come on. Pretty good. Come on. I don't want to be a part. Yeah. I don't want to just be accounted with new life in pawn. Come on, preach. I want to be accounted with him. I need him. I want to know him. I I I want him to know me. Oh, can you say amen? I want him to know me. Amen. Adam knew his wife. Amen. This one knew their wife. It was an intimate relationship. I want Christ with an intimate relationship with me. I want my life changed. I want to know he's there. I want to know that everything is going to be okay. [Music] Good, buddy. Yeah. Amen. That word press toward the mark. It means to move into a position of contact with someone or something. It means to exert continuous physical force. It means to run swiftly in order to catch a person or a thing to run after. Yeah. Or are you hearing me? To press. Come on. It means I I'm I'm running swiftly. I I've got to do what I've got to do to catch him. To catch his attention to I I hope this is okay here this morning. Amen. To pursue. And And here's another meaning to pursue in a hostile matter to overtake. We had that kind of an attitude. Every time we come to church, we'd see miracles in the church. We had that kind of an attitude every time we prayed. I'm not going to just sit down or kneel down and pray another dead prayer. I've got to come into his presence. Yes. I refuse to come and sit in church and not come in contact with God. Right. Yes, sir. Yes. I want the anointing. I want to know that he knows that I'm here. Come on. It was Isn't that what blind Barnameus done? That's right. Come on. The press was there. Multitudes were following. But Jesus didn't know. Barameus was there. Yeah. But Jesus didn't know that he was there until he be to cry out in faith. Jesus, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy. Oh God, if there ever gets a cry of desperation again, a cry that says I've got to have a change. I've got to come in contact. I can't go on the way I've been going. Jesus, thou son of David. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, thank you. There's got to be something in me. Oh, yeah. Yes. Absolutely. Yes, sir. Can you say amen? Amen. Yes. Good. wonder. Yeah. There's going to be the spectators. Yeah. And there's going to be the participators. Come on now. Well, come on. Some of you thinking, "My goodness, where's brother Ben?" Brother Ben, why did you let that hokey preach this morning? Hallelujah. Well, I'm wondering the same thing. Hallelujah. There's going to be participators. Come on. And there's going to be spectators. There's going to be those sitting in the bleachers. Yes, sir. Munching on the popcorn. And wondering why their team ain't winning. Come on. Well, glory to God. Come on. There's going to be those those spectators grab their popcorn and say, "Get with it, will you? Come on." Yes, sir. What's wrong with you? Sorry, brother Ben. And then there's going to be participators. Oh, yeah. They've got skin in the game. They're out there win or lose, do or die. They're out there putting their life on the line. They're out there saying that it's up to me. They're out there saying, "I've got to I've got to win." And the Apostle Paul says, "I'm leaving everything else behind and I'm pressing toward that goal. I must win Christ. [Applause] Ain't interested in sitting a a man in a in an easy chair and criticizing everybody around me. I'm not interested in showing up to church once or twice a month. I need something. I want to participate. Come on. Praise the Lord. Yes, I hate watching games. Come on. Golf, it's boring. And no one will let me play with them. I think I make life pretty exciting, but they don't think so. Come on, buddy. I'm not a golfer, but I was I was asked to go with some guys on a really nice country club. I mean, it was I guess it was it was just awesome. And I I mean, I thought it was awesome. I I went out there. I mean, it was awesome. Just rolling greens and these guys, you could see. And I was just my and I'm out there trying and I I I keep ding ding and they leave me behind. And I'd always I'd always wondered what four meant. And I wondered how long how far I could get that to carry across those heels. They left me behind. I thought I'd have fun myself. So, I got the good old Wendell Martin lungs and I said, "Four, you should I guess four means watch out. You're fixing to get hit with a ball." And I mean, people were hitting the They were hitting the grass everywhere, carts. They were It was It was the funnest thing. Those guys came back up to me and says, "Listen, don't you ever I pay a lot of money for this course. Don't do that again." Hallelujah. I don't want to be a spectator. Come on. I want to be a participator. I want to be one. Oh, come on, church. Come on. I I want to be the woman with the issue of blood. Come on. Where the multitudes are all around him. They're all around him. She's dying. Yeah. She's got this female problem that's going on for 12 years. She spent everything that she had. She had nowhere else to go. Come on, buddy. [Music] And she had to press through the press. She had to press through the spectators. She had to press past the doubts and the fears. She had to press until she reached the helm of his garment. Yes, sir. All right. Yes. She was not interested in being a spectator. Yeah. Oh my. She needed his attention. All right. Is this okay this morning? Yes. You see, I think God still has people who's going to leave it all on the field. Right. Amen. I think God's still got people. Amen. Who's going to lay everything in the game? Come on. Hallelujah. Yes, the elect is part of the crowd. But the elect has got some skin in the game. Amen. Matthew 11:12 says, "Amen. From the days of John the Baptist until now, the kingdom of heaven suffers violence, and the violent take it by force." Can you say, "Amen." So coming in contact with God, Amen, is not the same as being in his presence. Amen. Y'all remember the story? Amen. Of the of the man who was uh Amen. Uh who his neighbor or his friend had come in from a from a a long ways away and and came over and showed up at midnight and a and uh Amen. from a a far journey. And he didn't have bread. And so he goes over to the to the he goes over to the to his neighbor. Amen. at midnight and he's knocking on the door and he's saying, "Uh, neighbor, do you have do you have bread?" And and and and the neighbor hollers out from his bed and says, "I'm in bed. My children are in bed." And amen. I you come back till the morning. Amen. And the parable that Jesus Jesus is given the parable. And Jesus says that the man kept on knocking. He kept on knocking. And he says, "But I've got a friend here who needs some bread, and I know you've got bread in there, cuz I I could smell the aroma from earlier in the day. I know you've got it." Amen. And the Bible says that that he did not come because he was a friend, but he came because he kept on knocking. He came and he gave him his heart's desire. Amen. Because of his opportunity. Oh yeah. Oh, can you say amen? Amen. You see, Amen. This is what is lacking so much today. Amen. In our in our lives, Amen. is that opportunity. Amen. It's not that God doesn't have your answer. It is not that God doesn't hear prayer. It is not that God, amen, has forgot about you. It's just that God is looking for somebody who wants it more than they want golf. wants it more than they want hunting, wants it more than they want guns or they want a sports or cars or houses or land. He wants somebody that says, "I'm going to get rid of everything. I'm not going to leave you until I know that I've got you. Until I know I've come in contact with you. Until I know I've been given what I desire." Yes, sir. Oh, Lord. That's the truth. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Lord Jesus says, let me just read it to you. Good. Amen. Luke 11:5. And he said unto them, "Which of you shall have a friend shall go unto him at midnight and say unto him, friend, lend me three loaves. For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him." And he from within shall answer and say, "Trouble me not. The doors now shut. My children were with me in bed. I cannot rise and give thee." And I say unto you, though he will not rise and give him because of his friend, but because of his opportunity because he keeps on pressing because you say, you say, "I've already asked him three times. I'm not going to ask him again." God's looking for somebody that'll keep on asking. God's looking for somebody that'll keep on God's looking for somebody with desperation. Oh, come on now. You're going to let the enemy keep you down when God's got what you need? You're going to let the devil talk you out of your blessing when God's got what you have need of. Amen. What did he say? Amen. He says, I say unto you, ask. Or or he says, because of his opportunity, he will rise and give him as many as he needeth. I say unto you, ask and it shall be given to you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be given. If a son shall ask bread of you, amen, that is a father, will he give him a stone? Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a h a for a fish, a serpent? Or or if he ask an egg, will will he offer him a scorpion? If ye then being evil know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall the ho your heavenly father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him? All right. Come on. Right. Yes, sir. It's the truth. He specifically said the Holy Spirit. Come on. And you know the Holy Spirit is one thing that we we see. No one seeking for anymore. Preach. Very good. Yeah. Oh, you say, "Oh, we're not Pentecostal." Pentecostals, they go up there and they just they just they just come every service and until they get something. I don't think that's unscriptural. Come on. Come on. Preach. Well, praise the Lord. Well, the Lord knows what I have need of. Yeah. So does your wife. Yeah. Come on. Praise the Lord. Amen. So does your husband. Come on now. But there's something about having again skin in the game. There's something about God. Oh yes. I'm needing this more than I need anything else. Yeah. Come on, honey. If you don't believe I love you, I'm well I I I I'm I'm I'm stepping up to the challenge. I'm going to let you know I love you. Hallelujah. I I'm going to I I I you you're going you're going to find Hallelujah. Finally, she'll say, "Yeah, you love me. You love me. You love me." All right. Amen. Right. I'm going to let her know. I need you, Lord. I need you. Don't just say, "I need you." And then going off and you're never spending time with him. Well, I I know this ain't deep here this morning, but it may be deep for some. Because we need a relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ. You want the Holy Ghost, God will give you the Holy Ghost. You want the Holy Ghost. You young people want the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you can have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And I'm one of those guys that just Amen. I I I I I'm one of those guys that believes if Brother Brandham Amen. How many believes Brother Brandham's our prophet? and a and and brother Brandham believed in tongues and interpretation of tongues and he believed in prophecy. He he believed that all the way up to the time that he died. Now we right he didn't take him out of the church. He just simply put them in order. Told you how to operate them. Amen. But then the devil wants to come and say, "Well, it's not important. The Holy Ghost is important. I don't care how it comes. I don't care how it comes. I must have that change in me." Come on. Yes, sir. Right. Come on. Hallelujah sir. That renewing in me. Amen. That earnest cry. Pass me not. Oh gentle Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others, thou art calling. Oh Jesus. Thank you, Lord. I need the Holy Ghost myself. Do not pass me by. I need renewing in my mind. Don't pass me by. I need help. I need help. I need someone to help me. Don't pass me by. I'm in need. I I need you, Lord. I want you, Lord. I love you, Jesus. I need you more than I need breath. I need you more than I need life. I need the power of your Holy Spirit upon me. I want that living God. Yes. Oh, thank you, Lord. True. It's good, buddy. Thank you, Lord. I'm hope I'm all right this morning. Good. Pass me not. Oh, I know John needs you. He probably He probably needs you more than me, but I need you. I know, brother. So and so has got cancer and he needs I just need a touch in my mind. I'm needing a touch in my heart. I I know sisters needing Are you hearing me? You see, God knows every one of your cry. God knows. God knows you children. He loves you children. Amen. He wants to give you the Holy Ghost. He wants to hear your prayer. He wants to to be your God. He wants to manifest himself to you. He just wants you to want it. Yes. Come on. [Applause] Amen. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Wonderful. It's the desperation of soul that creates desire. Thank you, Lord. It's the desperation of soul. Oh yeah. Leosa can't get desperate because Leosa says I I'm increased with goods. I have need of nothing. Come on. Preach buddy. But it's the desperation of soul. that screams out, Yeah. and says, "I I I there it it it creates this desire in you to where you want nothing else. You want nothing else but him. You want nothing else but his love. You you you can't there's nothing else that'll satisfy you. There's nothing else that'll give you anything. There's nothing else because he's your all and all. you you it's the the riches, the land, the looks. Amen. Uh the the the jobs, the positions, nothing nothing matters anymore because there's a desperation that has created a desire. And that desire is saying, I've got to come in contact with the Lord Jesus. Yes. It's good, buddy. Yes. Oh. Amen. Then we get into miracles. Yeah. When we get to where we can't go any further, then God steps in on the scene. [Music] When we get to the point where it seems like, that's when God comes on the scene. Absolutely. Come on now. Oh, come on, church. When the Red Sea's in front of you and the armies behind you and you get desperate, that's when God comes on the scene. Oh [Applause] yeah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, thank you. I'm sorry for being a baby this morning. I'm sort of preaching to myself here. But God comes on the scene. Preachers have to be preached to too, right? Yeah. Coming in contact with him. Don't leave the service and say, "Oh, the atmosphere was wonderful. Oh, the presence of the Lord was wonderful. Oh my, you can go home and amen picking your teeth after you eat your your steak or whatever. Amen." And you can say, "All right, but the atmosphere is not what we're looking for. Atmosphere is good. We want the atmosphere. You got to create the atmosphere." But what good? Come on. What good is a chicken egg with the hen brooding over it? Oh my. If the hen never came in contact with the male, you could have the right atmosphere. You could hear the right sermons. You can hear the right singing. You can hear these things. You can feel it. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Come on. But until you come in contact, come on now. Yeah. With the mate. Oh yeah. Am I all right here this morning? Come on, sir. I probably wouldn't feel comfortable preaching this anywhere else, but I You guys are all friends. Yeah. Good, buddy. Yes. [Music] Oh, glory to God. What made Jesus so unique is because he come in contact with the father. Yeah. [Music] He could say, "Destroy this temple in three days. I'll raise it up." Yes. Wouldn't no man be able to say that? Wouldn't no church member able to say that? No. But this man come in contact. Come on. He was able to say, "Philip, man, if you just show us the father, you're close to him." He'd say, "Philip, have I not been so long a time with you, you'd say, "Oh, no. I am when you've seen me, you've seen the father. I mean, I am the expression. I If you want to know what God looks like, look at me. Oh, come on, bride of Jesus Christ." Oh, yeah. If the world tell the world. Yeah. Well, what does this message mean? I am the message. Yes, sir. What is this all about? I am the reason. I am the one God came for. God has come and expressed himself to and through me. Therefore, I know his presence when he comes in because Amen. And when he comes in, I I want to make sure that I'm entertaining him. I want to make sure that he knows that I'm here. Well, can you say amen? Amen. So, it's not the atmosphere that makes the chicken. It's not his presence that does the job. It's not the presence of God, but I want him to know me. Brother Randomman said that hen can set on those eggs until she's poor. Come on. And all you're going to have is rotten eggs. Yeah. Well, yeah. Come on. Amen. Can I have a little more time? Good. You say, "Preacher, come on, buddy. You're talking to me this morning." You're ministering to me, preacher, but my question is, why? Why do I have to press so hard? We can ask why why is it such a press? Yeah. Why? Why isn't it easy? Oh my. Are y'all with me? Yeah. It's because you're not in your original condition. Oh my. Come on. Yes. You're in this fleshly body. full of complexes and full of failures and full of flaws and well, praise the Lord. Preaching. You're literally going against your spirit mind. You're going against your reasoning. You're going against your emotions, your imaginations, your your your your pressing against mind battles. You're fighting your flesh. You're fighting your your your your aches and your pains. You're a man. You're fighting your tiredness. You're fighting these things. Amen. Because you are the product of the fall. Right. Yes. And I don't care how long you've had the Holy Ghost, you are still living in a fallen body. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Would you turn to your neighbor and say, "You're living in a fallen body." Now, don't be don't be turning back around to your husband and say, "I know." [Applause] Hallelujah. You're living. So, the supernatural spirit. Am I too slow? Am I going too slow? The supernatural presence on the inside of you is longing. But this body, you're fighting the mind battles. You're fighting the complexes. You're fighting things. Right? You elders, how many of you elders can tell me that you fight that you that you fight complexes? If you elders fight complexes, what about us young men? Yeah. I'm still young. Come on. Come on. Okay. What about these young men? Yeah. Put you in there with it. Amen. You're not far behind me. I don't care if you do have full head of hair. We're in these bodies. And when you're born again, the spirit of life is on the inside of you, right? But the powers, man, I hit that thumb the other day about a month ago. And you can see all the layers of skin way down deep in there. How how how long it's taken to heal up. And I smashed that thing so hard. And it it reminded me that I'm not as supernatural as I think. I wasn't feeling like preaching a sermon. Hallelujah. But for y'all's information, I did say hallelujah. Amen. as I blood was squirting out everywhere and I mashed that thing all up and has had such a hard time healing up. Now we're in this fallen body. We're in this fallen flesh. You're fighting your flesh. But brother Brandham would say this. Aren't you glad for a prophet? Oh, thank you, sir. He tells you, you got to resist it because the powers of darkness are fighting you, friends. Yeah. Oh, come on. I know this is the most perfect church in Arkansas. But the devil's fighting you. All right. He's resisting you. He wants you to quit. Yeah. Come on. He wants you to turn around. He wants to destroy your gift. He wants to take you out. Somebody's got to resist him. Right. Satan has all those dark spirits of hell against you. And I'm telling you, there's a reason why he's fighting you so hard now. Because we are getting so close. We're getting so close. What if what if this is our last struggle? What if this is the last struggle into that other realm? Oh, come on, church. Brother Ren would say, he says, "Oh, it's easy to go the way the world goes. It's easy to go downstream, go out there, set in the river with your boat. You you you got your oes and start pulling up the current and you don't make much time. It goes hard. But you just let you just once let loose those oars and watch how fast you go past the trees going down. But look where you're going. And when the things are floating easy, remember you're going towards a great cataract down there of some sort. You're going towards the falls. And it won't be long and you'll be over the falls. Just floating with the world easy. The way it goes. You don't want that. No sir. You must accept your responsibility. Amen. If you you believe it. Amen. You think it's the truth. The responsibility that God has given us in this day to bring this message. And as they as I get older and I know my days are shortening up, I feel the responsibility greater than I have ever felt. Pressing on. We must do it. All right. Wonderful. Pressing on. We must do it. That's right. He says you must get down to it. And everywhere we go, can you say amen? Thank you, Lord. This is your hour. Yeah. This is your hour. And the press is so important in this stage of the journey. There's no eaglet without a struggle. And that little eaglet's got to press. It's got to peck sir and peck and peck. and pack. Oh, come on now. Did I ever tell y'all about the butterfly that was in the cocoon that I was going to help? I'd seen this thing and it's in this it's in this cocoon and it's just I mean it's wiggling every which direction. I come back and I mean that thing is just it's straight. It's got his head stuck out, man. And I mean it's just that thing's just wiggling around everywhere. And I thought, well, man, bless. It's hard. So, I came back and I looked at it and the thing didn't hadn't even hardly budged and there it was process. I said, "All right." I went and got my knife, got it good and sharp, and I just started cutting the cocoon. I mean, I worked on that baby. I I'd done that without even touching the wings. And I got that thing out and this little thing called a butterfly was all wrinkled and I it and it so it fell there on on the table. And so I'm thinking fly and the thing is just all there and couldn't undo his wings. So I thought, my goodness, do I do everything for you? Trying to get his wings, trying to then I thought, well, maybe I need to get a little bit of air. Maybe he needs a little runway. So eventually the wings all come out. Did you know that that butterfly never did fly? Oh my. The butterfly never flew. Yeah. I took away the God-given resistance that was required to build muscle in the wings. The butterfly died without ever knowing what it was created to do. Oh my. Because this genius, come on. Well, praise the Lord. Sometimes you just wonder why the pastor ain't helping out because he's had too many butterflies that don't fly. And so the pastor wants to see flying butterflies. Can you say amen? And you're going through your struggles. You're going through your trials. You're going through those things that God and God has already put in you that predestinated purpose for the skies. He's put in you that predestinated seed for the skies. But you've got to go through the struggles. You've got to go through those lonely times. You've got to go through those times that you feel like all of the world has forgot about you. And but when you come out, you will know that the great Jehovah God is living on the inside of you. manifesting his grace through you and you're experiencing the supernatural. Oh, thank you, Lord. Can you say amen? Awesome. That's awesome. We I'm closing. I've really butchered my message up. Good, buddy. Very good. Come on. Only God knows the glory that's going to be revealed in you after the press. Yeah, that's right. Only God knows what he's looking for. And you might be wanting a certain thing and God's wanting a dong. You might be wanting this and God's saying, "No, that's not what I created you for. I've got a purpose for you. Come on. We wrestle against the principalities and the powers of the air. And there's none of us that are immune of them. There's none of us. I don't care whether you're a kid. And I and I I want you young people to know that sooner the better. Satan's fighting you. He's going to fight you. He gives you thoughts. He makes you It's crazy. And it's not just a bad thought. It's Satan's not a thought and God's not a thought. The devil's real, demons are real, and so is God and angels real. And the more that you learn to walk with God and and pray and come in contact with God, I remember as a 10, 11 year old, I'd be I' I'd be [Music] amening my I had my own little prayer closet where I would go and pray and I would want and and and listen, I preached my first sermon when I was 12 years old because I come in contact with God. I was I loved him. And I and I struggled. I There was so many struggles as a kid, but I was so I was I was so thankful that I could run to God and tell him. I was glad that I had a friend. Here I am going to be 55 years old. Amen. Here in in a month or two and amen. And here I am a blabbering crying fool this morning telling you that I need more of God. I need more of God today. I've been serving him now. Amen. For 50 years. But I need God. Oh yes, sir. Amen. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. That's man. Yes, sir. Now, did I ever tell y'all my duck story? You want to hear my duck story? Yeah. So, someone called me up and says, "Y'all want some ducks?" Duck eggs. I said, "Oh, yeah. I remember eating duck eggs when I was a kid. I Yeah, I will take those duck eggs." And they said, "They're fertile." And I said, "What? I am not eating." They say, "Oh, come on. It ain't going to hurt." I said, "I am not eating a duck." That's No. So then I then I got to thinking, "Wait a minute. I'm going to hatch me some ducks." So I said, "We'll take them." They said, "How many you want? Give us a dozen." So man, I go down there. I go I go I I go to Atwoods and I find me a nice I mean I got one of these incubator things and man it turns the eggs for you temperatures man you it's just it's just awesome. So I'm going in every day and and and my my daughter-in-law sister Tina she fell in love too. I mean she was right there with me. I mean, oh, I love I love the adventure of my of my middle daughter-in-law. And um and so she was over there, boy. We'd be looking in the glass and seeing if there's any kind of movement and and stuff. It was only two days, but and so we were going and um so she was over there and man, she put water. You got got to keep it with water, the right kind of water for the humidity and all that. So, we're we're we're doing that and and um and making sure everything's I mean, we we we were on this and matters of fact she she was she was I I was I was out doing some preaching and and she was she she would take care of it and and uh so we had 27 days I believe it was that was and then she calls me about and about 18 days and I'm in a meeting and I wanted to be home when my babies were born hatched. And so I get, she calls me, she says, "Brother Wendle," she said, "said, you ain't going to believe this, our ducks are hatching." And I said, "What?" She said, "Yes, it's only like 17 days." And and she she says, "There's there's there's movement around." and and and and there's just I mean they're just there's two eggs right now that they're just a peck at a peck that egg's just and I'm going oh and I already learned from a butterfly I said don't crack the egg let him do it himself and so man she's just over there and and so she's videoing and she's man she's just a that thing's just and I mean it goes it's going on for it's going on a long time finally it gets a little little little bitty little bitty hole in the egg and you you could see there's little beak stick out and uh then it goes back to so she sends me a picture and and and then I look at that picture she sees a picture of that beak sticking out that little beak and I said that don't look like a duck to me that thing just kept on and on and on and on And finally it cracked through. It was a chicken. It was a chicken. They were all chickens. We a message preacher hatching chickens. I said, "I all I just want you you get rid of those things before I get home." She says, "Brother Wendle," I said, "I don't want a chicken. I don't want to feed a chicken. I don't I So she gave the she gave him away. So then we went back and we told him, "You jipped us." First of all, we didn't know that an egg like that is a chicken. An egg like that is a duck. Okay, I know I'm country. I'm country, but I Hallelujah. Uh so I big eggs, ducks, little eggs, chickens. And so, uh, I I was watching and I got such an inspiration and I've got I I I showed the church and I don't have the pictures with me, but the pecking pecking. Yes, sir. And pecking. Now, there was no pecking at the beginning. There was there there was But as the time drew close, we didn't know exactly when it was going to happen, but we knew it had to be getting close within that within that 27 days. The it was it was getting close and we'd be watching and we'd have our cameras and and and the ducks would start pick and pecking. Come on. And pecking and struggling. I'm closing. Struggling and pecking and packing and packing. And it went on and on and on and on. And this one duck in particular. He finally got it through and he just kept on pecking. You'd watch this little head and you go, "Wam, wham, wham." And then he'd quit. Uhhuh. for minutes and he go wham. And then he quit and he was slowly making a crack. Wham. And he finally got it. He finally got it big enough. And he got his wing. He got his wing in that little hole and he got it on video. [Music] That's what you're doing. Come on, sir. We're so stinking close. Come on. All right. I'm not predestinated for this environment. I'm not predestinated to be in this shell. Come on. I'm predestinated to break out of this shell. I'm predestinated for eternity. I don't belong in this shell of complexes. I don't belong in this shell of defeat. I don't belong in this shell of discouragement. I don't belong here. I belong. I belong. I'm destined for another land. I'm destined for another place. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. True. Thank you, Lord. And sometimes, did y'all ever read that quote or hear that quote where Brother Brandham said? He said, "You're bumping into angels." He says, "What happens when your conscience gets moved in the church or when you're in prayer and all of a sudden," he says, "You just hit an angel. You're bumping into that other world. We're getting so close. We're b Oh, come on, church. Don't you quit. Don't you turn around. Keep on pressing, saints. Keep on pressing. This is our day. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Woman's carrying the baby for nine months, but there comes a time where she's got to start pushing, where the labor pains are intense. Y that duck, brother Ben, it got its wing in another world. Oh, yeah. And you can you could see it little tip sticking out, feeling on the outside. It's never been there yet, but it knows it's there. It's never been there yet, but it feeling around. I I've never been there, but I there's a lot of heaven here on earth that's been letting me know that it's real. I've got my wing in another world. Oh, you know what that tells me? Don't quit pressing. Come on. Now, the most unique thing was is it finally kept on and it finally broke through. And you know what? Once it busted through, it's laying halfway out of the egg. Halfway in the egg. Come on. And it's as it looks like it's as dead as dead could be. Come on. Everyone's looking around and say, "Oh, poor duck. He's been doing this for days and now he's dead." Oh my. Come on. He's laying there. And we're looking through the glass darkly. Oh, come on, church. We don't know what we will be, but when we Oh, yeah. Come on. But when we see him, we're going to be like him. We're going to be like daddy. We've never seen him, sir. But we know we're destined for it. Oh, yeah. And we're sitting around there, didn't know whether to bury it or can't eat it. We're looking and all of a sudden the little wing flatters and it sits there for a while and we see his eye open up. He's tired. He's laying there. But after a while, he comes to his senses and he looks around. I made it. I've arrived. [Music] And before you know it, the old the old duck man, he's just a walking around everywhere, exploring around eating anything that he can eat. Hallelujah. Amen. Wonder. Are we going to keep on pressing? Oh, yeah. Are we going to keep on pushing? Forgetting those things which are behind. That means there's going to be sins in your life that you got to get rid of. There's got to be a lot of combin complex you got to get rid of. There's got to be a lot of things, but it's going to be okay as long as you get to him. As long as you get to him, everything's going to be okay. It's going to be okay. Yes, sir. Come on. Yeah. Thank you, Lord. Because our God lives. Oh, yeah. And we're fixing to live forever more in his presence. Glory to God. Will forever more. Oh my. Hallelujah. I'm proud for you elders, but this ain't an old person's uh I ain't calling you old. I'm just saying you might be, but this is this is a this this is not an old person's gospel. This is young person's gospel. Hallelujah. It's for you and you and you. Amen. I ain't coming to you girls. Amen. It's for every one of you. Can you say amen? How many's going to press? Yes, sir. How many's going to get some grit about you? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, can you say amen? Amen. Amen. The earnest expectation of the creature waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time shall not be compared, shall not compare with the glory which shall be revealed in us. Oh, thank you, Lord. For this creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who have subjected the same to hope. What a hope. because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation doth grown together until now. And not only they, but they, those of us who have the Holy Ghost, the first fruits of the spirit, we also grown within ourselves. Waiting for the adoption of these old bodies. Thank you. Waiting for the time. Waiting for the time that we'll lay everything down and we'll be with him. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your patience this morning. Are you going to [Applause] press? We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, rulers of darkness, anything to keep you down from those heavenly places in Christ. Thank you. Anything. But I'm here to tell you, whatever sin is trying to keep you down, press past it. Whatever demon's trying to keep you away, press past it. If the musicians would come, bless the Lord. I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Go ahead and maybe maybe F. I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above it all. Going to rise. Oh yeah. Rise. Rise above it all. Going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. Going to rise. Yeah. I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above it. I'm going to rise. Rise. [Music] Going to spread my wings and fly away. Yeah, I'm going to ride. Going to rise. I'm going to rise. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away. Oh, sing it like you mean it now. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. I'm going to [Music] rise. I'm going to spread my word. I'm going to fly. That's what I'm predestined for. Oh, I'm going to rise. Here I come. I'm coming out. I'm coming out. Going to spread my wings and fly. Oh, hear yourself prophesy. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. Oh yeah. You prophesying spread my wings. I've come in contact with him. I know my mate. I know whom I believed. I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise. [Music] I'm going to rise. I'm going to spread these big old wings and I'm going to fly above it. I'm going to rise. Yeah. I'm going to rise. Going to rise. It's a fight, but I'm rising. It's a press, but I've predestinated. I'm going to spread my wings. And I'm going to fly. Going to rise above. Do you believe it this morning? [Music] [Applause] Amen. Now, if you've been a spectator, you've been on the bleachers, it's time to get off the bleachers. There's no value in the bleachers. Yeah. There's no way to set your course. There's no way to The average guy, he's not remembered when he's gone. But it's the guys who done some pressing. Yeah. Right. All right. When I get on the other side, I don't want to get on the other side and just be one of the average guys and come on. Giving eternal life. Come on. I want to be one of those mighty men of David. Oh yeah. I want to be one of those guys that people can say, "Yeah, that's brother Wendle. He had a lot of false effect." And Jesus said, "I don't want to hear that. He stood for me." [Music] All right. G. And father, let me let me show you what he's done. Oh yeah. You helped this one. You didn't even know you you helped, but you helped. Because you stayed in the game. This one has has gotten uh was healed because you stayed in the game. Oh, come on, mama. Glory. Your children will be there. And Jesus is say they're here. Yeah. Because you stayed in the game. G. Come on, young people. You're going to you're going to stand there on that day and Jesus is going to represent you, not your flesh. He's going to represent your eternal purpose on that day. And there will be no devils there to yak their jaws. There will be no demons of condemnation. There will be no complexes. There will be nothing there. It'll be you, your king, who you know very well. Thank you, Lord. I'm going to rise. Glory. Going to rise. [Music] I'm going to rise. [Music] Going to spread my wings. my way. Heaven. [Music] I just got to sing a girl. I'm going to ride. Going to ride. Yeah. Spread my wings. I'm going to fly to heaven. Rise above it all. Going to keep pressing on. Oh yeah. On and on and on. Got to keep pressing on. On and on and on. I've got to keep pressing on to the higher calling. Oh, come on. You got some press in you, don't you? I'm going to keep pressing on on and on and on. Going to keep pressing. [Music] I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. Well, Satan tried to stop me, turn me aside, said there's no need for you to go on, no need to try. Even if there was a rapture, you'd never make it in. I just don't know, Satan. I'm going to prove you're a liar again. I'm going to keep pressing on. Can you say amen to that this morning? Oh, I'm going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of Lord. Hallelujah. Sing that next verse now. Satan tried to stop me. Turn me aside. No need for you to go on. Oh, no need to try. Even if there was a rapture, you'd never make it in. Have you ever told you that? But I just say, "Oh, Satan, I'm going to prove you're a liar again. I'm going to keep pressing on. Glory on and on and on. I'm going to keep pressing on. Oh, I'm going to keep pressing on. to the higher calling of my Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Aren't you glad you can keep pressing on? Amen. Don't you love him this morning? Amen. So glad to have brother Window with us. Wasn't that a wonderful sermon this morning? Doesn't that put something in your heart? You want to press on. I want to press. I don't want to be a spectator. I want to I want to press. I want to press through the press and get to Jesus because if I can ever get to Jesus, everything's going to be all right. Amen. God bless you. Pray, brother Wendle. I pray for strength for him and and just Lord would help him. And would you pray for Brother Wendle? All of us here today. He's a pastor's been there a long time and the church needs him and we need him and and uh Satan does everything he can try to take out men of God, but we're just believing God will strengthen him and touch him and bless him and and the years ahead will be the best years that he has till we all go home. Amen. One of these days we're all going to go home. I'm so grateful that we have a home to go to. Tonight, communion service at 3:00. So, it'll be a quick turnaround, but I'll be speaking the communion service. God bless you tonight. We love you with all of our heart. Brother Allen, as you would come and just sing a song and we'll be dismissed. Do you love him this morning? Don't forget to worship him. Give him the praise, the glory that he deserves. God bless you. Oh, Holy Spirit, follow this place. Father, fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit. And can we lift our hands just before we go? Holy Spirit, follow this place. Father, fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit. You're free to go. We're free to stay in worship. Oh, Holy Spirit, follow this place. Father, fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, holy spirit hall on this place. and Holy Spirit.
