################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Our God is in the Heavens - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-06
Title:    Our God is in the Heavens
Speaker:  Ben Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrtS2kqxZ8k
========================================

Description:
Our God is in the Heavens 7/6/25 Pastor Ben Pruitt
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] All right. [Music] We find the strength to press on. Sing it again with all your hearts now. Oh, it's in Jesus name we press on. [Music] Oh yes, in Jesus name we press on on and on dear Lord with the Christ so clear before our [Music] We find the strength to press on. How many's happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise? Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, yes. I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came. Anybody come to praise this morning? Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's hand as we sing it again. [Music] I don't know. you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Did you come to hear the word this morning? Oh, yes. I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear God's word. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing. I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Oh, I don't know. All clap your hands and sing it now. I came to sing and shout. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You give the Lord a big hand clap of praise this morning. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Oh, won't you look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. Well, each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, won't you look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Well, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He said, "Oh, somebody ought to testify this morning." Well, I'm going to praise his name. Oh, each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord I'll sing it again with all your hearts now. Well, look what the Lord has done. Won't you look what the Lord has done? Well, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. And I'm going to praise his name. Well, each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Do you love him this morning? Amen. Aren't you glad that he healed you? He touched and he saved you this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's just slow it down a little bit and sing heart of worship. Amen. How many came to worship the Lord this morning? Amen. I believe that's what we came to do. And I believe he is pleased with our worship this morning. So let's just worship him for a few moments now. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come longing just [Music] that will bless your heart. [Music] I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. [Music] You search much deeper within. Through the way things appear, you're looking into my heart. But I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I waited. And it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. [Music] King of endless world, no one could express how much you deserve. And though I'm weak and [Music] all I have is yours. Every single prayer. [Music] I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. [Music] You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. Sing it now. I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. And it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you. Sing it again. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord. thing I made it and it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. Is that what you came to do this morning is worship him. We're going to add in a song we've been we've been learning and we're going to try it just one more time this morning. You know, we wear them out before we before we get to get to use them very often. I just want to thank you, Lord. We've added the verses into this song and I just love it. Yeah. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory that's revealed in me? And thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee. You didn't have to open my eyes. You could have easily passed me by. Oh, the age I was living in was ripped poor and blind. Then I heard recognizing your day. Serpent seed and perfect faith. the preach and the message of grace. And Lord, I thank thee with all your hearts now. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? And thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee. Well, not even in my wildest dreams did I think I'd see such things as the coming of the Lord. The rapture mystery. Well, I have heard, but now I see God in simplicity. The spoken word is the original seed. And Lord, we all thank thee. Oh, and I just want to thank you, Lord. Oh, lady, what have I done to deserve such glory reveal in me? Oh, that special night when I saw your glorious life came and face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I one more time as come. Well, I just want to thank you Lord for me your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night. Oh, when I saw your glorious life came face to face with eternal life and love with all things. Aren't you thankful that you've heard the word for your hour? Amen. And I love that song and and what it says because we just want to thank him for what we know. We ought to be the happiest people on the face of the earth. Don't you think so? Amen. We have a reason to worship this morning. Amen. We don't have a lot of written requests in. We do have one from Bill and Sister Sharon that says, "Our friend uh Joel Waters had a heart attack last night and the doctors don't think he's going to make it without a procedure. Not available yet." So, just remember that need in prayer. The doctors may say they give up, but we know that God is more than able. Do you believe it? Amen. We pray that the Lord will touch that young man where he's at. And also do have just a quick announcement. There's only one service this morning. If you want to stay and eat with us, we're going to be having a cookout over here. And uh if you didn't bring anything, don't worry about it. Just stay anyway. And we'll have plenty for everybody. And also uh for the meetings that are coming up uh we would like to if you if you have anything you want to do, you want to volunteer for a position of anything at all, just let us know what you're comfortable with and if not, we'll assign you real quick. So, so if you don't want to be volunte, go ahead and volunteer. And so we'll just do that uh right away. Also, uh for food, I think there's a list back there on the bulletin board. Uh if you want to donate food or help with the food in any way, uh get with my wife and she can she can help you with what we need for each night. So amen, we're looking forward to a good time in the Lord for the meetings. How many's looking forward to him this year? Amen. Some wonderful brothers coming in to speak for us and also but you know what this morning I believe the Lord is here and he is more than able to come by our way right here this morning. Do you believe it? Amen. Somebody give the Lord another hand clap of praise. [Music] just bow our hearts before him. Lord, we just count it an honor and a privilege to come to the house of the Lord this morning. We just want to say that we thank you, that we love you. Lord, we just come before your throne of mercy and grace, Lord, for this one with the heart condition, Lord. Just make a way for this person, Lord. And we know that Calvar's already paid the price, Lord. So we just we know that you're more than able this morning that you're mighty to deliver, to heal whatever we your children would have need of this morning. We know that you're an ontime God. You're on the scene this morning. And Lord, so we just come to worship you. We long just to be in your presence here this morning. So Lord, may we just be able to rest in it, Lord, and have have peace, Lord. Find peace and comfort in in your your your presence this morning. Lord, we just ask that you bless this service, oh God. May there just be a liberty to worship you, Lord. May there be a liberty to preach your word, Lord, as a minister would come, Lord. Bless our brother, Lord. May you anoint him aresh this morning with the spirit of God, to minister the word, the open opened word that you brought to us, Lord. And we just thank you so much for it, Lord. We just ask that you would bless, Lord, all your people this morning. Everything that's said and done, tithes and offerings now in Jesus name. [Music] Hello, how I long to worship you, oh my he [Music] to worship you forever. Hello my hill. How I long to worship you. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. [Music] No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, [Music] we will lift a holy hand. Oh my lord. forever. How I long to worship [Music] my Lord here. How I long to worship you. And you're singing good this morning. You're worshiping good. Aren't you glad to be in the house of the Lord where you can freely worship this morning? Amen. We're going to have sister Just go ahead and play that if you would. We're going to sing it one more time on the chorus. Sister uh Sister Jasper Esther and Sister Nolley get ready to come. Amen. And also right after that, Sister Ashley, I was told you'd sing. So, we're going to let you sing right after them if you would. God bless you. Good to have Sister Ashley here all the way from Arizona and kids. God bless you. Any other visitors? We do. My my baby sister and my brother-in-law are sitting here. Good to have them with us today. And if there's any other visitors I'm missing, God bless you. Good to have you with us this morning. Sing it now as they come. Oh my. Oh, [Music] how I long to worship you. forever. I am all here. How I long [Music] [Music] You give you love. You bring light to the dark. [Music] Great are you Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. Oh, we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. [Music] Great are you Lord. You give life. Your love. You bring light to the darkness. [Music] Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. [Music] Great are you Lord. All the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. All the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. [Music] Great are you Lord. Great are you. [Applause] Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. [Music] I left a barren landing for stumbling. round in amnesia, bitterness and distress. But then I met the kinsman redeemer who's called the mighty one. He took this old Moabitete from the field and he brought me to his house and he said, "Fear not, my child for you are a part of me and I'll not rest till you are at my side. I will do all that you ask. I'll be a virtue in my eyes. Virtuous woman, you are my bride. [Music] I've responded to your call and you have covered me. For with eyes of faith I see. All the mysteries being revealed. And now I see who I am. And I lay claim to all that's mine. I'm Lamb's wife. I've been bought with a price. He said, "Fear not my child, for you are a part of me, and I'll not rest till you are at my side. I will do all that you ask of me. You hold in my eyes. Virtuous woman, you are my bride. [Music] When I look back and see how much grace and love you've shown me, Lord, it brings me to my knees that you would even think about me. You're still Jehovah Gyra. You're still the greater and with faith I'll stand on your word because you're more than able my child for you are a part of me and I rest. You are at my side. I will do all that you ask of me. Your rule in my eyes, virtuous woman, you are my bride. And so I'm casting all my cares on you, Lord. And I know that you'll love me. [Music] Redemption by love. That's the greatest love story. Full restoration, full redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud testify. My redeemer's no longer dead. He's alive and he's coming back for you. And so I'm casting all my cares on you. Lord, I know that you love me. Redemption by the blood. That's the greatest love story for restoration for redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud testify. My redeemer's no longer dead. He's alive and he's coming back for you and me. Enjoy that. Aren't you glad for the redeemer? And he's coming back for you and me. Let's stand together. My life is in your hands. Give you [Music] Well, you don't have to worry. And don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troules they don't last always. Oh for there's a friend named Jesus who will wipe your tears all the way. [Music] And if your heart is broken, why don't you lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand." And no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, with Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. But no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. So when your test and trials, they see. Anybody ever been there before? Oh, and all your friends and loved ones are nowhere to be found. Remember, there's a friend named Jesus who will wipe your tears all away. Oh, and if your heart is broken, oh, can we lift our hands this morning? Just lift your hands. All your hearts now. Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. Oh, no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, with Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. I wonder if you just continue to play that song there. Amen. We're going to change order of the service and have our pastor come this morning. We're going to sing that one right there. Just stay on that song. Amen. I believe that's a testimony this morning. I know that I can make it. How many knows you can make it this morning? I know I'm an overcomer. In a time when so many fall away, we can't fall away. You believe that this morning? So, I just want us to just make that our testimony as our pastor comes this morning. And I was thinking, you know, when the test and trials comes, it don't matter cuz we've got a friend named Jesus. How many can testify of that this morning? Can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise? And if you believe that this morning, I want us to just raise our hands and sing it with all of our hearts as our pastor comes. Oh, I know that I can make it. Do you know this morning? I know that I going to stand. Oh, no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, with Jesus my [Music] [Applause] [Music] way. Oh, my life is in your hands. Can we sing it one more time? Oh, I know. Oh, I know that I can make it. You know it this morning. Oh, I know that I I can stand. Oh, no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh yes, with Jesus I can take it. Oh, with him I know I can stand. Oh, no matter what may come my way, my life is in. Believe that this morning. Let's bow our heads together for a word of prayer. Maybe you have a special need you'd like to lift to the Lord this morning by way of uplifted hand. know he sees every every need. Good to have each and every one of you with us this morning. God bless you, Lord Jesus. We we come to your house this morning and needy people. Lord, we know that you're a big God. You're able to meet our needs. So, we don't just come with requests this morning, but we come with expectation, Lord, of that you're going to meet our needs, that you're going to provide for us what we have need of. So we thank you for that Lord in advance God before the symptoms leave before even our need is met in phys in the physical world. We we by faith Lord we reach out this morning and we believe that you're meeting our need. I pray that you'd grant it now. We thank you for all that you do for you bless this service. Move me out of the way and speak directly to your people. We pray this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. Turn with me to Psalms chapter 115. Psalms 115 verses 1 through3. Brother David, good to see you back there this morning. Good to have you. Different ones that haven't been here in a while. Justin, good to see you guys back and and uh some of you all uh sure I'll miss somebody, but good to have you. Ashley, I heard you singing this morning. She's here somewhere. Good to have her. and my brother-in-law, my it's hard to say my favorite brother-in-law, but I guess you are my favorite. You're my only brother-in-law, aren't you? And uh so Josh is my favorite brother-in-law. Glad to have him and my sister Tabitha with us this morning. Psalm chapter 115 and verse one. Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto thy name give glory. For thy mercy and for thy truth's sake. Wherefore should the heathen say, where is now their God? But our God is in the heavens. He hath done whatsoever he hath pleased. That's a powerful statement. Pray the Lord will add his blessing to the word. You may be seated. I want to speak on that this morning. Our God is in the heavens. Our God is in the heavens. He hath done whatsoever he has pleased. Psalms 113 through 118 are known as the hell psalms or praise psalms meant to be sung during the Passover. Psalms 115 especially is a reminder that our God isn't like other gods. He is not like other gods. Our God is omnipotent and their gods are impotent. There's a big difference. Our God is in the heavens. He has done whatever he wanted to do. Right now, there's a great revelation in this. I'm taking it slow to begin with because I I want it to really sink in because it would change our lives. If you could understand this this morning, it would change your life. It would change how you think about things. It would change how you react to bad things that happen or good things that happen or situations that come along or sickness that comes. If you believed, if you really understand that God is in the heavens and he has done whatever he pleased, right? Satan never stopped God. He never he never stopped him from doing what he what he from fulfilling his attributes. He never kept him from being God. It was not that God and Satan were in a battle and God lost so he had to retreat to heaven. No, God is in the heavens. And when Satan goes to do something, he's got to go ask God for permission whether or not he can do it. I wonder if we really understand that this morning. So, David is saying our God is in the heavens. It's a great statement about the sovereignty of other gods of of our God. In other words, if he's in the heavens, he's on the throne. Yeah. And if he's on the throne, it means he reigns. And if he reigns, it means he has the rule. It means he does whatever he pleases. And it means we don't get the glory he does. If we do anything good, it's because of God. And if we do anything bad, it's because he allowed something to happen in our life, but he's going to he's going to get a hold of the situation. Now, you understand? I know that's hard for us. It's hard for us. We want to have responsibility for our actions. And here on this level of earth, we need to take responsibility for our actions. But we understand in the big picture that God is in control. He is in the heavens. He has done whatever he wanted to do from the beginning of time. That that statement is always true and has always been true. So he does whatever he pleases. We don't get the glory. He does. See if he is Elohim, he is not one of many gods. He is the only God. Elohim means the selfexisting one. He is not limited by anything. His power is without limit. Oh church in knowledge. He is omnisient. And I know sometimes we want to we want uh you know say brother Ben preach to us something that'll help us in our everyday life. This will help you in your everyday life. If you could ever recognize how much control that he has. Yeah. Right. You could never get despondent. I know people get despondent sometimes to the point of wanting to take their own life. They they get they get in despair. They get depressed and even even wanting to uh maybe they get on drugs or alcohol or or cigarettes or something like that and because they say, "Well, I need it. I just feel bad about myself. I feel bad." If you could get a revelation this morning that God is in the heavens and he has done whatever he pleased. Yes. Yeah. You wouldn't have to turn to those things. Good. Now, now listen. He's not one of many gods. He's the only God. He's not limited by anything. His power without was without limit and knowledge. He's omnisient. Yeah. And brother Brandham said his omniscience makes him omniresent. Right. Because it means that if he's if he knows everything, he can be anywhere. He's never late. Yeah. He's never in a hurry. Are you with me now? He He's never He's never You ever felt like that? You say, "Well, I just missed it. Well, I I would have done that, but I just missed it. Just missed the bus. Just missed the plane. Just missed the million dollars. Just missed the job. Just missed that." God don't ever just miss. He's right on time. He He He is a creator. He is not He was not created. He has always existed. He was by himself and he created out of nothing everything and that's our God. Now listen, if God, brother Brandon says, if God is infinite, almighty, all powerful, omniresent, omnisient, why he knew all things from the beginning. So he know there's nothing out of cater. It's just us that thinks it is. It's everything run. Look back at it again. As long as things are going good, we believe this. Yeah. You know, you got a new car sitting out there and a good job. And you're sitting there thinking, "Well, all things work together for good, but all things include sickness, includes trouble, includes your friends turning your back their back on you if they do, includes trouble in your life, all things." All things. I I know Satan is trying to attack attack this generation. And I think sometimes we allow him to attack us because we don't have a good concept of God. God is not God because of me. He's not God because, well, I'll decide if he's God today. No, he's not God because I decide he's God. He's God whether I think he's God or not. He was God before I knew him. He was God before I met him. He was God. He knew me before I ever knew him. And he had chosen me to be one of his before I even knew to worship him. Oh God. But when I was against him, when I was running the other way, he already knew me. When I was at my worst moment of life, David said, "If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there." He's God. He said, "There's nothing out of Cater." He said, "Look back in his word and see what he's doing, and then we'll have an understanding." Abraham calls him Ellelon, the most high God. When he spoke to the king of Sodom, Abraham said, "I've lift up my hand unto the Lord, the most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth." The reason he says this is because he just got done paying tithes to Melzdc, the priest of the most high God. Genesis 14:18. and MelkiseDC, king of Salem, brought forth bread and wine, and he was the priest of the most high God. And he blessed him and said, "Blessed be Abraham of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth." Now, it's a powerful statement. So, he's saying, "Everything in heaven and everything on the earth is possessed by the most high God." Elleon in the in the Hebrew, it's a it's it's the God above all gods, the high God, the the God who who's alone, the God who has no equal. Amen. The most high God, the possessor of heaven and earth. So, anything that you might need this morning, he is already the possessor of it. And and brother Brandon preaches a message called Possessing All Things. How many have ever heard it? Possessing all things. It's a good one to go back and listen to. It's a communion sermon. Yeah. Well, the Brandon preaches it from Melzdc and he says, "If God was a possessor of all things, then then Abraham was a possessor of all things because God gave it to him." And if Abraham was a possessor of all things, the seed of Abraham is the possessor of all things. If Melzdc was the priest of the most high God and Christ is the is a priest after the order of Melzdc, are you with me this morning? This isn't too deep for us. I think we can understand this. Melisedc is a priest of the most high God. Christ is the priest after the order of Melkisedc. And so if Christ was a possessor of all things then Mel Melzdc was a possessor of all things. Christ was a possessor of all things. We are joint hes with Christ. What are we? We're possessor of all things. Someone say it with me this morning. All things. That's why brother Brandham said Abraham could go after his fallen brother. He could go after Lot and bring back everything that was stolen from Lot. He said because Lot belonged to him. Listen, don't give up on somebody this morning. You be a possessor of all things. A possessor of all things. That's what we are. We're not called to be a bunch of wimps. We're not called to sit here and say, "Well, I was going to be a Christian, but somebody stopped me. I was going to be a believer, but somebody held me back. I want No, you're a possessor of all things. Go and take the promises of God." People turn to drugs and alcohol and depression, fear because they just don't really recognize that they already own it by faith in Christ by the new birth. Now look, the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth, owns everything. Nehemiah 9 and6 says, "Thou even thou art Lord alone." He's not the Lord. And then I get to be the Lord sometimes. He's not only the Lord when I like it. He's not only the Lord when things are going good. He's the Lord. That's why we don't change the word. We leave the word the way it is. We don't change it for nobody because he said it. He can't be wrong. You see everything everybody, you know, men have set up dictators on the earth. And you forgive me. It's just coming to me as I'm preaching. But but men have set up dictators. They set up a Hitler. They set up men, politicians, a superman wanting somebody to be right all the time. Yeah. And none of them are. None of them have ever been right all the time about everything. All of them have been wrong about something. Listen, you want you want a a husband or wife, a boyfriend, a girlfriend, a pastor. You want them to be right all the time, but there's never been one. There's never been one, but there is one. Are you with me this morning? Who's right all the time? And when we set him up as God, when we worship him as God, you don't realize how important worship is because we're worshiping the most high God. We're telling him, "Lord, you are God. And when when my marriage is on the rocks, you're still God. When I when I don't have money to pay the bills, you're still God. When I when I struggle in my relationships, you're still God. When I struggle with my family, you're still God. When my when it seems like I just can't overcome, you're still God. And I know if I trust in you, I can be an overcomer. I know if I trust in you, I can have my healing. I know if I trust in you, I can Are you with me this morning?" Well, I'll bring a worship in our hearts. We are. the servants of the most high God. If he owns it, we own it. Nehemiah 9 and6, thou even thou art Lord alone. Thou has made heaven, the heaven of heavens with all their host the earth. There's things that God made in the heavens that we haven't seen yet. You know that's right. They don't have not seen the extent of the universe. They don't know how far it goes. God are he made it. He owns it. Right? The heaven of heavens with all their host, the earth and all things that are therein, the seas and all that is therein. And thou preservest them all. Yeah. And we're sitting here this morning saying, "Brother Ben, I don't know if the Lord's going to take care of me." And you're on a ball of gas. Come on, church. We need to correct our thinking. We need to stop correcting the word and correct our thinking. We're on a great big ball of gas and dirt and minerals and fire. lava down in the core of it which happens to be inhabitable by humans and from space it looks like a speck of dust. It's all it is. And we're and God said I preserve the heavens and the earth. The Bible says by his word they are kept in store until the day of judgment. Come on. The reason it's spinning is because he keeps it spinning because he said for it to spin. The reason it's orbiting the sun and all the things that it's doing, everything that it does, it's doing it because because he said so, right? Come on, church. See, we we think, well, but but he don't really he don't really care about me. He don't know anything about me. If he can see the earth, make it an inhabitable zone. Out of all the planets in the in in the in the in the uh solar system, out of all the planets in the universe, if he can see the earth, which is a very very small minute part of the of the solar system, if he can see that and he can put life on it and he can put oceans on it and he can make beauty out of it and he can make a people to live on it, even let sinners live on it rentree. Are you with me? Are you with me, church? He does all of that. He He He He lets him live here and and has mercy. If he can do that, he's got mercy for you. He's got grace for you. He can hold you up. You're not going down. You can be held up by the grace of God. You say, "Brother Ben, why do you preach this way?" Because Satan's attacking the mind in this day and age, trying to get people to think and and what he's trying to get you to do. Brother Joel preached on atmospheres here a couple weeks ago, and it's very important because what Satan knows, you're a creator. And he's trying to get you to disbelieve God and create an atmosphere of unbelief. Which is an uninhabitable zone for the Holy Spirit. Are you with me now? He has to pull away his influence. When you disbelieve, when you believe, he hovers over you. Are you with me now? So, he tries to get you to disbelieve. He tries to get you to speak because he knows how powerful your words are. Good. But if you could only see this morning that the most high God has got it in control, then you could end up being like Job who had a great revelation of God and and and they come to him. They said, "All these things have happened." And he said, "I came naked into the world. I'll go naked out of the world." He said, "I won't curse God. Blessed be the name of the Lord." And he fell down on his face and worshiped. What was it? He understood God is God and I'm not. I'm going to worship God whether I feel like it. I'm going to worship God whether things are going good or bad or whatever. I'm not going to worship God because I I hear a fast song or something. There's nothing wrong with that. But that's not why I worship God. I worship God because he's God. He's God when I'm sick. He's God when I'm well. He's God when I'm not feeling good. When I am feeling good, when I'm on the mountain or in the valley, he's still God. What right do we have to tell him, "Well, I'm feeling bad. You're not God today. I'm I'm being very straight with that, but you understand what I'm I'm trying to say. I don't mean to yell at you. He's God. I want you young people to understand that. He's got it in control. You don't have to push or shove or worry. We'll get to that in a moment. Now, looks look what he says. I'm still on the phone. Nehemia 96. This might take a while. Brother Joel. Boy, got quiet there for a minute. Have I ever been long-winded? Don't answer. The earth and all things that are therein. He created these things. He made them. The seas and all that is therein. And thou preservest them all. And the host of heaven worshipeth thee. Psalms 146:5. Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the Lord his God, which made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that therein is, which keepeth truth forever, which execututeth judgment for the oppressed, which giveth food to the hungry. The Lord looth the prisoners. The Lord openeth the eyes of the blind. The Lord raiseth them that are bowed down. The Lord loveth the righteous. The Lord preserveth the strangers. He relieveth the fatherless and widow. But the way of the wicked he turneth upside down. Now notice what he's saying. He He is the great God, the most high God, the God who made the heavens and the earth. He's He's the most high God. He owns the heaven and the earth. You realize Satan could never own it. Satan could possess it. He could He could claim it. He could squat on it, but he could never own it. Satan could never own you. Again, the reason we like to think that we could be lost because we like to think that we saved ourselves from being lost. Somehow we fixed it. We didn't have anything to do with it. We didn't fix ourselves. He fixed us. We were lost, but he knew where we were. Are you with me now? We were not lost from him. Oh my. He knew where we were. And yet he sought us out and he found us and he called to us and he wooed us. But he was not. It was not a God who didn't know. He always knew where we were. We just had to come to ourselves and recognize who we were and who we belonged to. We were never not owned by God. We were in the devil's pawn shop, but we were still God's. If you pawn something, it still belongs to you. And he is not a a person who will pawn things and lose them. He didn't pawn them in the first place. We pawned ourselves. And we were we will not be lost because he had a plan for redemption. Are you with me now? He is the most high God. He owns the heaven and the earth. Satan could never own it. He may claim you, but he doesn't own you. Now, he owns you by purchase, but he was simply redeeming what was already his, right? So, he doesn't just own you by purchase. It's as not as if you were a slave that was purchased, but you were purchased because you already a son. You were already a daughter. So, he bought you back. Do we realize that this morning? Am I just preaching to myself this morning? I hope you understand what I'm trying to say. that that we were purchased by God. And and when we were purchased by him, he was buying us back. That's what redemption means. And so, Satan could not own you. Look at Revelation chapter 5 and verse one. Look, he said, "I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals." I want you to notice it was sealed, but it was in his hand. Come on. It wasn't open yet, but it was in his hand. It was not revealed, but it was in his hand. Right. Why was it in his hand? Brother taught us, and we went through that in the brief, but I want to drop it in here because it's important. But the Brandham taught us that the forfeited title deed is now in the hands of the original owner, Almighty God. The title deed to the earth and to eternal life. When Adam forfeited it, listen, Adam did everything wrong he could do. Eve did everything wrong she could do. They denied the word of God, left the Garden of Eden, left a perfect place. You talk about backsliding. They didn't backslide from a normal church. They backslid from a church where God was their pastor where God come down and dwelt with them. Listen, church, it's not hopeless for you. You can come back to the altar. You can come back to the fire. You can be rejuvenated this morning. You can be renewed. It's not a hopeless case. Why? Because Adam and Eve were in the best place they could be. And they turned down God's word and left the Garden of Eden. And yet God, they were still God's. They were still his. Listen, when they left, the book, the deed to them and the deed to the earth did not go to Satan. When Adam forfeited his rights to all things to be possessor of all things, it did not go. You say, "Well, the devil's running me around." Only if you let him. It did. The book didn't go back to him. It went Oh, church. It went back to the original owner. Because the earth was one of God's attributes. It was not the devil's attribute. You are not the devil. Quit letting the devil tell you that you're not the devil's attribute. You're not worthless. You're not some little insignificant nothing. But there's a God. Hallelujah. Ellelion, the most high God is a possessor of the heavens and the earth. And you belong. You girls, you belong to him. I don't care what social media tells you. I don't care what the world tells you. You don't believe you are not worthless. I don't care what what your friends might say or what the people at school might say. You belong to God, the most high God. And he will not lose you. But he will seek you, brother Ryan, until he finds you. And he is found. Oh my. He will he will keep after you, come after you until he gets you. Yes, he is the possessor of heavens and earth and Satan's dirty hands. Come on now. Hallelujah. I love how Brother Brandham belittles the devil. One place he said he was toothless, right? Didn't have the keys to his own house. I love that. It's about time we quit giving him so much power. Look, he said Satan's dirty hands could not take it, so it went back in the hands of its original owner. There he sits on the throne with it in his hand, the title deed. He said, "Oh, that makes me feel religious." The title deed to eternal life. Abstract title deed to eternal life. When Adam forfeit it for wisdom instead of faith, it went back to the hands of the owner. Almighty God, he said, "What a great thing." The book was in his hands. Our redemption is not subject to a preacher. It's not in the hands of a preacher. It's not Oh, church. Preachers may come and go, but our redemption is not in the hands of a preacher. Hallelujah. He didn't even put your redemption in the hands of a prophet. A prophet couldn't hold it. A preacher couldn't hold it. He could only tell you what was on it, but he could not hold it. The lamb had to take the book and open the seals. Come on. Why? Because the lamb was God. They tried to make Jesus less of God than God. If he wasn't God, he couldn't take the book. Come on. If he wasn't God, he wasn't the original owner and he had no rights to it. But it had to be God who came down and and bought our redemption or he could have never claimed it if it wasn't God. The Bible says that the blood of God paid for our sins. You can break that down however you want to, but I believe he was God. He was man, but he was God. He was fully God. Listen, listen to me now. There he sits on the throne with it in his hand. the title deed. The book was in his hands, not in a preacher's hands, not in a pastor's hands. That's why we don't make a pastor the ultimate arbiter and judge of everything. Pastor has authority, but not over your salvation. Are you with me now? Church has authority. Deacons have authority, but not over your salvation. All we can do is offer it. He gave us the keys to heaven and to hell. And and and the church unlocks the gates by what? by preaching the word, not by holding it like Catholics who can excommunicate, but by preaching the word. Brother Brandon said Peter took the key and he used it on the day of Pentecost. When he said when he said repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ and for the remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, what was he doing? Unlock the key. Brother said when click in heaven would click on the earth. Yeah, right. That's the keys. Yeah. Not my ability to take you in or out of the church. Are you with me now? Come on. Not everybody has to go to the same church, but we all have the same God. Come on. Right. Look, who could make our redemption complete? What could make it complete? Now, look, it had to be God. It was all of his doing. It cried out for a redeemer, but it was his doing that created a redeemer. Look what Brother Brandham teaches us. Look, look. He's telling us it went back in the hands of the original owner. Look at Revelation 5:2. I saw a strong angel, proclaiming with a loud voice. I believe that's taking place in our day. Who is worthy? He's advertising for a redeemer. Who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof? No man in heaven nor in earth, neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. A message went out and said, "Who is worthy?" Advertising for a redeemer. And John the bride began to weep. He said, "I wept much because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither looked on." That was John's legalistic stage. That's good right there. But Joel, you'll have to preach that sometime so the people can get it. But look, that's John's legalistic stage and we've all got to go through it. I realize we're sinners. Who is worthy? But but the the elder didn't let him stay there. But what did he do? One of the elders said to me, "Weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals ro." He didn't say he needs to prevail. He said he has prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a lamb, as if it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God sent forth into all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sit upon the throne, who could take the book and open it up, the bloody lamb, who proceeded from the father. He was the only one, the logos that came from God, who was the fullness of God, took a body of flesh and became the son of man. Yes. He did not die. Oh, church. He didn't die to restore possession of the book to God. Are you hearing me? He didn't die to restore possession of all things to God. God already owned it, right? So whatever you have need of today, he didn't die to restore. Well, now God can heal. Now God God was already a healer. He was already a savior. He didn't die to restore the book back to God. He already had it in his hand. But God had to become a man. Hallelujah. That's why he had to be a man. He He couldn't stay a god. Oh my. The man had to possess all things. He had to possess the book. That's what was going to happen in the beginning. And Adam forfeited his right. But God said he already had a plan for redemption. His attribute would be displayed. Brother said that perfect attribute of God called love. Yeah. And when he was displayed in a body of flesh, what did he do? He did not die to restore possession to the original owner. He died to resto restore possession to us. So he took the book out of the hands. Hallelujah. So before you were saved, are you with me now? Before you were saved, you didn't have the book. You didn't know who you were. God knew who you were. So God had the book. Yeah. But what happened when the lamb took the book? He's already died. He come up a bloody lamb. What did he do? He come and he took the book. Take the book from me. See, he took the book. Now it's in his hands. But he's also the original owner cuz he's not two gods, right? It's one God. So the original owner still has the book. If you're a trinitarian, you can't believe that. You would have to believe that it passed from the original owner to the son. But we believe that the original owner still has the book. But what did he do with the book when he took the book? He opened the book. Yeah. I just read the quote to you the other day. Brother Brandon said that just recently happened. He said that in 1963. That happened in when a prophet preaches. That's how simple that is. God opened the seals. Showed a prophet what to say. Revealed to him what to say. And in his broken English and and and Kentucky hillbilly English, he he told us something we could understand in simplicity. God hiding himself in simplicity. But what was it doing? It's that word that was revealed by a prophet that claims us. It's that word that shows us he's the most high God. He He had it in his hand. He had me in his hands. I was an attribute of God. If I have eternal life, it's got to be God's own life, Zoe, that comes down in me. Then if I am an attribute of God, I have been claimed by God. That's why I have such a problem with people believe, well, the seals haven't been fully opened yet. Well, then this hasn't happened. We don't can't know who we are. But brother Brandham tells us, he said, "Now we have the perfect revelation from God with divine vindication." Yeah. Right. Are you with me now? He said, "Since the seals came open, the book become a new book." Yeah. Come on. Hallelujah. And in it was the mysteries of God hid from the foundation of the world. The thunders that uttered the mystery that was behind the seal came and was preached to us. I don't need to go back and reveal it. It was already revealed. But I'm telling you, it's important because it reveals to you who God is, right? And when you when you go down to the bank and there's no money in there or you look on your phone and there's no money in the bank, you realize he's still God. He still opened the seals. He still died for me. He still came down in our hour. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I'm one of his. Yes. It's the revelation of who God is and who you are. Yeah. Who I am. Are you with me now? So the lamb took the book. The logos that came from God, the fullness of God took a body of flesh became the son of man and died to restore possession of the book to you, to me. Look now remember Genesis 14 where Adam stood there and he swore to the king of Sodom or or uh Abraham. Sorry, I'm getting old. That would have been a trick if Adam had stood there. But Abraham stood there and he he lifted his hand to the most high God, possessor of heavens and earth and he swore to the king of Sodom said, "I won't take anything of yours because it all belongs to me." Hallelujah. That's a revelation right there. I won't make deals with the devil to get some momentary gain when it all belongs to me anyway. Hallelujah. So Abraham stood there and he lifted his arm up, lifted his hand and he swore, oh my, by the by the most high God, the one he just met in the form of Melzdc. Yes. And he said he's a possessor of heaven and earth. Look at Revelation 10:1. I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven. And we know this angel was Christ. How many know that? He said only Christ it could be clothed with a cloud. A rainbow was upon his head. His face was it as it were the sun. His feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand. Come on, church. In his hand, who has ownership of it? The mighty angel. He came as a bloody lamb, but this time he's coming as a mighty angel. He came as a mighty angel. And he had in his hand a book. Open. Hallelujah. Open. If you if you can understand that this has taken place in our day, it will open up the message to you. That's right. Right. That's the that's the doorway you open begin to open up and say, "Oh, I recognize this is what God was doing." Right? So, the message, not a book of laws. It's not a bunch of dos and don'ts. God came down. Spoke through a prophet speaks through the bride. He said the bride would be the final voice to the final age. Yeah. Right. And what is he doing? What is he doing? John went to prophesy again once he took the book. Remember, that's what we got to do. Now he had in his hand a little book open. He said his right foot on the sea, left foot on the earth, and he cried with a loud voice. When a lion roars, when he cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. When the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, write them not." The angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth. What did he do? Lifted up his hand to heaven and swear by him. Hallelujah. The original owner, Ellelion, the the most high God that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven and the things that therein are, and the earth and the things that therein are, and the sea and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer. In other words, there's no more delay. This is it. This is the last stage. Come on. You realize why brother Random had to come down and preach. Who is this Melzdc? Come on. Right. God come down in our time and spoke to us. And we realize Melzdc that was one of those seven thunders. Melzdc was the most high God in a theophony form, in a body form. Are you with me now? Revelation 10:7, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, not the mighty angel that came down, but the voice of the seventh angel, that's the earthly prophet, right? An angel as a messenger. When he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared his servants of the prophets. There's an angel in heaven. There's an angel on the earth. Listen, brother Brandon said, "God came down and become flesh and died his the death in Christ so that he could clean the church in order to get into it for fellowship." God loves fellowship. I believe that Christians love fellowship. Don't you? Look, we might have little differences and disappointments and things, but we still love to fellowship with one another. Right? Why? Because that's an attribute of God. He said that's what he made the man at the first time was for fellowship. God dwelt alone with cherubam. And notice now, he made man and man fell. So he came down and redeemed man because God loves to be worshiped. The very word God means object of worship. I know they say we shouldn't gather and worship anymore, but they're going to be doing that in heaven. Now look, and this that comes among us as a pillar of fire as something that changes our hearts. He said, I passed that too quick. This that comes among us. Come on. Hallelujah. as the pillar of fire. As a pillar of fire, the pillar of fire that was t the picture was taken of it. You say, "Well, I wish that was here." It is here. Brother Brandon said, "The pillar of fire become a person." That person is Christ who lives in you. Right? The pillar of fire is the Holy Ghost in you. Right? That's very simple. Pillar of fire is here. But he let his picture be taken with the prophet to vindicate that prophet's message, right? That that he was speaking, God was speaking through a prophet. But look, this that comes among us. This that comes among us as a pillar of fire as something that changes our hearts. That is the same God. Brother Brandham says this, I'm paraphrasing so you can go find the quote, but brother Brandham says that that that he said that warm feeling that you have, he said he said when the pillar of fire comes in, you can feel it. It's something you can actually feel the presence of God. Now the feeling is not him. That's the effect of his presence. Brother Brandon would tell the people there's a warm feeling on you. He said he would tell you feel that warm feeling. That's the pillar of fire standing right above you. So the pillar of fire is right in this room this morning. Are you with me now? The same pillar of fire that is among us right at every pew. Where did it do it on the day of Pentecost? It divided itself into 120 people. That same pillar of fire is still here today. Come on. And he's right here. You can feel the presence of it. Oh, church. I don't believe we should ever have a dull service. I don't believe it should ever be a throwaway service or just something we do for a form, but if the pillar of fire is here, then I can worship in the presence of the almighty God. I can worship in the presence of Elleion. I can worship in the presence of the God who made the worlds. That same pillar of fire, that is the same God that said, "Let there be light." and there was light. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said, "Now, in the beginning, God dwelt alone with his attributes that I spoke of this morning." That's his thoughts. There was nothing. I I hope you can fellowship with me on the word just for a minute. Hang with me for a little bit. The burgers, we ain't going to start cooking them till we're done. So, they'll be there this morning. Just fellowship with me for a moment. Look, let there he said the same God said, "Let there be light. In the beginning, God wrote alone with his attributes. That's his thoughts. There was nothing. Just God alone. But he had thoughts. And listen, when you're alone with your thoughts, that has power. Has power for good and evil because you're made in the image of God, right? That's why you need to be around the people of God. I mean, God, there's nothing evil, so it can only produce good. But you have a flesh. Sometimes when you're alone with your thoughts, what happens? Evil comes out. It don't come out of your soul. Not if you're saved. Comes out of your flesh. See, can evil come out of a believer's flesh? Absolutely. If not, you wouldn't have to worry. Men wouldn't have to be careful around women that they weren't married to. They they could just do whatever they wanted to. Had somebody tell me, "If I got the Holy Ghost, I could I could look at anything. It wouldn't bother me." That's not true. Well, the Brandon taught us that wasn't true. You're still twothirds unsaved. You got a body and a spirit. Right? There got to be something come in on the inside to control that. But it's free will. It's it's faith or doubt that allows him to have control over you. Come on. Right? So when you dwell alone with your thoughts, you need to make sure that those thoughts are his thoughts. Are you with me now? Because Satan will make you think you're crazy. He'll make you think you're not worthy. He'll make you think you're still a sinner. He'll make you think you you should do this or do that. But the R said he'll make you try to fall in love with somebody else's wife. He'll he'll make you do all kinds of crazy things. So don't just be alone with your thoughts. Let his thoughts which is the word revealed word is the thoughts of God. But remember in the back part of his mind he had some thoughts he wanted to express. That's the message of the hour. You and I heard it in our hour. When we hear the message, what are we doing? We're letting God express his thoughts. Come on. Amen. When he was alone with his thoughts. You ever been there? Out of out of when you're alone is your thoughts. You're not influenced. See, there was nothing there to influence him. It's just him. And out of that came you how could you be more perfect? Now listen to me, church. You say, "Well, I'm I'm not up to stuff. I'm not message material." If God called you, how could you be more perfect than you are right now in the mind of God? Because you proceeded, you're a thought of God. You proceeded from a being that can't be wrong, the most high God. That's where you came from. How could you be more perfect? He said, "But I fail." You need to surrender to the most high God. Are you with me now? Let that pillar of fire fill you, control you. Look, he he said he was the great architect there by himself. He had a plan. He said a word is a thought. When it's expressed, it's a word. A thought expressed is a word, but it has to be a thought first. So God's attributes it becomes a thought then a word. He said those who have tonight eternal life was with him and in him in his thinking before there was an angel star cherubam or anything else there was Jaden. There was Matney. Right in his thoughts he thought of you. You said boy starting to look like my dad. I'm ugly. But God made you. I'm sure my boys thought that. We've talked about that. Brother Logan and I have talked about that. Someday they're going to be us. Look forward to it, guys. But you were in his thoughts, right? So everything imperfect is not from God. What's perfect is from God. But it's what he thought was perfect. Not what the world says is perfect. Not their idea of beauty. It's just fake. But his idea of beauty. Come on. Are you with me now? You don't have to take a backseat to nobody. Say, "Well, I have a I have a nice super sports car. I have a I got to come down a little level for these younger ones. I don't think very many sports cars in our group, but I got a I got the best iPhone. Everybody else is like, "Man, I wish I had an iPhone. This old Android, man, is dragging me down. My daughter's tethered to a a tablet and she just we just won't we haven't gotten her phone. She just Oh, she could just have a phone. But you can tell somebody say, "Well, you're, you know, you're not as good as me. You don't have a phone." But you were in the thoughts. Are you with me? I know I'm taking it slow, but I want you to understand. I want this. I want us to grasp the concept. I could get up here and yell at you for an hour and and maybe wouldn't you wouldn't understand what I'm trying to say, but I want you to understand it. I was in his thoughts. What could be more perfect than being in his thoughts? So I'll worship him. I'll surrender to him. I'll be what he wants me to be because he chose me from the beginning. He created me in his thoughts. He said if you have eternal life, you always was. It's not your being here, but the shape and form that the infinite God. So the real you, there's you and then there's you. Brother Brandon taught even our natural birth was predestined. You know he taught that. But our spiritual birth is is a predestinated seed that come from God, the thought of God. But our natural birth, he said he chose us to be what we are even in the natural. But that isn't what we'll always be. Hallelujah. Thank God. One day we'll be like he wanted us to be how he saw us. God had a photo album, if we can say it that way. He had a picture of you. at at what you were at your best and that's what he wants you to be. But even at your best in this life, you were a sinner. You you had a flesh that was wrong. But he's going to take you better than your best. Glory to God. Amen. You know, sometimes, you know, people say, "Well, will we recognize each other in heaven?" I think we will, but I'll say this. You might have trouble recognizing me because you've always seen me with mistakes. I'm a walking mistake. And I'm I'm ready to admit that. Come on, church. We're not We're not angels. We don't have halos. We're walking mistakes. But he don't make no mistake. So when you see me up there, I'll be without mistake. Praise God. I'll be able to preach and I won't preach at all. I'll sing and won't won't miss a word. Look, if he look he said if he wasn't infinite he isn't God. God has to be infinite. We are finite. He is infinite. And he was omniresent, omnisient, omnipotent. If he isn't, he can't be God. Amen. If you don't make him the most high God, he's not God at all. He can either save you and heal you and keep your marriage and keep your home and help you out in life or he's nothing. Either his word is everything or it's useless. I believe it's everything. How about you this morning? He he he said if he isn't, he can't be God. He knows all things, all places. because of his omnipresent. Omnicient makes him omnipresent. He's not like the wind. He's a being. He dwells in a house, but being omnisient knowing all things makes him omnipresent because he knows everything that's going on. There can't be a flea bat its eye. But what he knowed it, he knew it before there was a world. How many times it batted eye, how much tallow it had in it before there ever was a world. That is infinite. We can't comprehend it in our minds, but that's God. God infinite. Remember you, your eyes, your stature. Hear me church. We get so down on ourselves. But your eyes, your stature, whatever you was, you were in his thinking at the beginning. And the only thing that you are is expression, word. You don't need Hollywood to make you look good. He told you, he said, you look good. You look good to him. You don't need to be famous to look good to God. He knows you. He knows who you are. Yeah. He said he thought it, he spoke it, and here you are. If it isn't all, if he wasn't in his thinking, there's no way at all for you to ever be there. He's the one that gives eternal life. He said it's not him that willth or him that runth, but God. That his predestin predestination might stand true. He could choose before any time. God is sovereign in his choosing. Did you know that God is sovereign? Who was back there to tell him a better way to make the world? Come on. who was back there. You know, you know how it is. If you're a plumber, everybody's got a better idea. I was sitting there watching Caleb put a hole in my wall the other day. I'm sitting there thinking, I could do that better. Actually, I wasn't. I was sitting there, but I was admiring his work. But you realize how annoying it is if I stand there and overlook over his shoulder as I like to do, watch the work getting done. You know, I said that'd be better over here. I don't know anything about it. I don't have a clue till it gets finished what he's doing. Looks like he's tearing stuff up, but it gets done. It looks nice. Thought, well, praise the Lord. Who was there when he made Jaden? Now, think about this. When he made you, who was there to tap him on the shoulder and say, "No, no, do it different." When he thought of you, who was there to tell him, "Oh, no, not her. She not not Millie. She's She's too excitable. Don't make her like that. She may not be at all. I'm just It's just an illustration. She may, you know, who But who was there to tap him on the shoulder? Are you with me now? Listen, I'm doing this on purpose today. We need to understand that God made us. He made us a certain way and he just wants us to live out his life. what he wants, what he wants. We get so up and down based on what people think about us. Listen, church, don't do that. Love people, but worship God. Love people, but love God more than you do people. Worship God. Worship God. Don't worship the opinions of people. Worship the opinion of the Almighty God. Who would dare to tell him he was running his business wrong? You know, I just just for us preachers, I know it's something you get all the time. And I don't I don't mind it at all because people don't understand it is something that it's a gift. It's something that it's hard to do. Very difficult. God has to gift you to be able to stand and do it. And and yet at the same time, you realize that you could have a gift, not even be saved, right? But but it is a gift. God gives you the ability to do that. And people all the time tell you, "Well, if I was a preacher, I'd do that. If I was a, you know, this is the way I would have preached it. Well, you know, who's who would dare to tell God, though? It's one thing to tell a preacher because you might be one one day. I don't know. It's one thing to tell a preacher, but who would dare tell God? He was running his business wrong. Even the very word itself is very sovereign. He said, even the revelation is sovereign. He reveals to whom he will reveal. The very revelation itself is sovereign in God. That's how people pound at things and jump at things and hit at things not knowing what they're doing. God is sovereign in his works. Listen to me, church. We don't have to reinvent the wheel. God does what he wants to. God is in the heavens. He has done h what he pleased. I don't have to make it say something it doesn't say. God is in the heavens. He'll take care of the message. Are you with me now? He'll take care of the message. We come boldly before the throne of this great God, but we come reverently, not telling him what he will do, but acknowledging the truth of his word, reminding him of his promises and worshiping him in spirit and in truth. Ecclesiastes 5 1-8 tells us, and I'm just going to read the first two verses, then we'll skip down, brother Robert, because I don't have time. I've run out of time. But he said, "Keep thy foot when thou goest to the house of God. Be more ready to hear than to give the sacrifice of fools, for they consider not that they do evil. Be not rash with thy mouth. Let not thine heart be hasty to utter anything before God, for God is in heaven and thou upon earth. Therefore, let thy words be few. In other words, don't be making a bunch of promises that you can't keep. And he addresses dreams in there. He talks about how we have imaginations and dreams and we want to we want to promise God all kinds of things, but just stay with the word. You don't have to make anything up. Just stay with the word. God is in the heavens. He said, "Let your word be few." Hallelujah. See, we don't have to imagine he will save us. He's already done it. How many believe that today? We don't have to imagine he will heal us. We have his word for it. Our God is in the heavens if we believe that. Listen. Why do we worry so much? Now, I'm just going to hit this for a few minutes, then we'll close. Why do we worry so much? Matthew 6 and again I'm I I won't read but just the first verse here he said therefore verse 25 therefore I say you take no thought for your life what you shall eat what you shall drink nor yet for your body what you shall put on is not the life more than meat the body than raignment that word thought is no anxious thought take no anxious thought it's not that you shouldn't think about it but don't worry about it verse 32 says for after all these things do the Gentiles seek for your heavenly father knows that you have need of all these things but seek ye First the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things. Someone say all. All these things shall be added unto you. Yes. Brother Brandon said, "I may." He said, "I'm going to explain to you that all sin and sickness was settled." Again, someone say, "All all sin and sickness was settled." Glory to God. When God dealt with it at Calvary 1900 years ago, when his son died to save us from sin and sickness, he was wounded for our transgression. With his stripes, we were healed. He said, "I don't know. I don't mean that he made one atonement for your sickness and one for your sins. He made one atonement and that was for sin. When you deal with sin, you got to deal with every attribute of sin. Sickness was issued in as an attribute of sin which had to bring death. Sin is death. Sickness follows sins. Worry follows sin. I'm trying to teach my children. Maybe I haven't done as good a job. Maybe because they watched me worry too much. But worry is an attribute of sin. There is, you said, did you ever notice what a horrible thing worry is? There's not one value in it at all. So what worry does, but Landon, worry makes us act as if God is not in the heavens, it causes us to behave as if he is not the most high God, as if he does not have everything in control. Worry is an attribute of sin. There's not one value in it at all. He was telling that he said speaking that in a club he said if you was going to be killed in the morning a club in the city he said if you were going to be killed in the morning I said worry would not help you one bit. I seen one man kind of look down kind of laugh. He said well what would faith do? I said sign your pardon. That's right. Worry there's no value in it. So just get away from worry and have faith. Can we do that this morning? Get away from worry and have faith. You worried about it long enough. Give it to him. Let him have it. What do you worry about this morning? Are you worried about your health? I know we can worry about that sometimes, but he made one atonement for all sin and all sickness. Are you worried about your health? He said, "He forgives all thine iniquities. He heals all thy diseases." Brother Brandon tells the lady this. He said, "How do you do, lady? Do you believe with all your heart? Been full of sorrow, haven't you? You're real nervous, broke down, you just lost someone, your husband. That's right. Don't worry. It's hard not to worry when you become a widow suddenly. Some of you know what I'm talking about. But don't worry, God's with you. Hallelujah. He promised to be a sustainer for you. You said, "Well, where did he promise that?" In the scripture, when Elijah, when the messenger come to the house of the woman who was there with not anything left, but just enough to make enough food for one day, what happened? The oil never run out. The meal never run out because she obeyed the word of a prophet. If you'll believe the message of the hour today, you don't have to worry. He said, "Your real nervous broke down. You just lost someone, your husband." He said, "Don't worry. God's with you. He promised to be a sustainer for you. Don't be nervous. He holds everything in his hand, Sister Dear. He loves you and he will bless you. I'm sure." I wonder if we can take that for ourselves this morning. He speaks to another man said, "If you won't worry, sir." Well, that's a big if, isn't it? If you won't worry, sir, sitting there at the end of the row, if you'll believe with all your heart, God will heal you of that heart trouble that you're so concerned about. You realize the woman with the issue of blood, I'm sure she worried about it. She stressed about it, but worry never did her any good. God had an appointed time that Jesus was going to pass by. When when he came by, she pressed through the cl crowd. She didn't worry. She said, "If I can touch the hem of his garment, I've worried long enough. I've been to every kind of doctor there is known to man, and they couldn't do nothing for me. I've worried long enough. Let me touch the hymn of his garment, and I'll be made whole." She presses her way through the crowd, touches the hem of his garment, turns around and and Jesus feels virtue, strength draining from him. And he turns around and said, "Who touched me?" And he saw her in the crowd. And and he and he told her, "You're healed. Your hope this very hour. What was it? What did that quit worrying?" And reached the hymn of his garment. You need to quit worrying this morning. I need to quit worrying. And we need to touch the hymn of his garment. Amen. We let worry keep us out of church when we ought to be seeking his presence for our needs. Finances sometimes we worry about that, don't we? Trust me, I've been right there with you. Psalm 50:10 says, "Every beast of the forest is mine." Think about that next time you go hunting. Well, they're all yours, Lord. Could you send a great big one down here? You know, he said, "They're all his." Every time that big buck walks by, he said, "That one's mine." No, they belong to God. He gave it to you. Amen. Hallelujah. Every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills. I'd like to have one cow. Cherokee Village won't let me have it. love to have one cow, but I know I have a father. Elleon, the most high God, Elohim, who created the heavens and the earth. My God is the owns the cattle upon a thousand hills. God sees your finances. Don't worry, go to work. That sounds strange, doesn't it? But worry will keep you from work because you're stressed out about it. Don't worry, go to work. You said, "Why would you say that? That don't seem like you shouldn't work. You should just wait for God to provide." But God has provided in the scripture. He's told you to go to work and you'll get wealthy. That's what God said. Proverbs 13:11, "Wealth gotten by vanity shall be diminished. But he that gatherth by labor shall increase." 2 Chronicles 15:7. Take this. You you men that are working. I I've taken the scripture for myself. Be strong, therefore. Let not your hands be weak, for your work shall be rewarded. What do you worry about children? I worry at times about my children, but I shouldn't. Do you know that we shouldn't worry about our children? Because the Bible, we have a promise where they tell he said, "What can I do? How do how do I achieve salvation?" They said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved and thy house." Paul told the Roman centurion to believe thou and all the house shall be saved. Apply it to your family. He said if you got an Now he said they have to get saved themselves. That's important. You can't save them. Believing for them is not is not you saving them. You just believe it's going to happen. God does the work. But you claim it. You act as if it's already done. He said apply it to your family. If you got an unsaved child, lay the token right on top of him. Lord God, I claim it. I don't believe we have to take our Bibles and lay it on top of him or a book. Listen, or a tape. If the token was just literally the token tape, you'd have to lay that on somebody's head. That's not what he's talking about. The token, he said, is the literal life of Jesus Christ. It is the word of God. We don't lay tapes and books on people's heads. We lay the token over their head, the Holy Spirit. And right on top of them, say, "Lord God, I claim him." Stay right there. If you got a mother or loved one that's lost, come on. How many got someone that you're praying for? If you got a mother or loved one that's lost, lay that token on them and say, "Lord God, I claim it." Can we do it this morning? Don't worry, apply the token with confidence. The problem comes when we try to do it ourselves. Look at Elezer in the Bible. Remember Elazer was Abraham's trusted servant. And he goes down to find Rebecca. When he goes down to find Rebecca, what does he do? He he he gets down on his knees. As soon as he gets there, he said, "Lord, I've come a long way and I'm committing this to you. I I don't want it to be my choice. I want it to be your choice, Lord. Oh, we'd worry a lot less if we could commit things to God. Brother Brandon said, "Oh, if we could only learn to be a trusted servant of God like that, we could commit things to God." He said, "It's the most powerful thing that I know of is a committ. Commit thy ways unto the Lord. Commit your thinking to him. If you're sick and the doctors can't help you no tomorrow, just commit your case to God. Act like it's already done. Something will have to take place. They just can't keep from it because God is a creator. Jesus said the word we want to control all the outcomes. We can't control outcomes. God controls the outcomes. All we do is put in the work. Listen, an an actor in a play, he plays a part. He don't play the whole. This isn't a one-man band. I play a part. I just got to come out and do my part. Go behind the curtain. God is the director. Yeah. He's the one who makes everything work together. All I'm doing is my part. If all I got is just one line, let me say my line. Let me do my job. Let me sweep the floor. Let me preach the word. Whatever it is he's called me to do, let me do my part. Let me be a If you're a mother, a mother, a father, whatever it is, let me play my part. God's got the big picture. He's the director. You know, if you heard if you got a great symphony and you heard one violin playing by itself, wouldn't sound very good because it's not playing the whole, it's playing a part. You imagine just a trombone, you know, playing by itself, a bass drum playing by itself. But when you put it all together, it's not my responsibility to put it together. It's my responsibility to look at the sheet music and play my part. Listen, brother said Jesus was said the word was a seed. The seed has fallen into your heart. You water that seed by faith believing it'll bring forth after its kind. He said you can put me on record after 30 years of preaching. I can say this that I have never one time sincerely ever asked God for anything and committed it to him. He either gave it to me or told me why he couldn't do it. He would he couldn't do it. He said if you'll take the right mental attitude towards any. Someone say any. Divine promise God has made it'll bring it to pass. If you'll just simply say, "It's God's word. It's not for me to try to figure it out." That's God's business. Come on, church. You want somebody to fix everything. You want somebody to have all the answers. It's not for me to figure it out. It's God's business. But he's still the most high God. He spoke it. And that's if you find somebody that's got all the answers, it's a gimmick. They'll convince you to move to their church or go to their place and be under their ministry. And it's just a gimmick. They have all the answers. Cuz if they can tell you what house to move into and what car to buy, it's a gimmick. Come on, church. That's not the word of God. The word of God says what? No matter what house you buy, you let be led by the spirit. No matter what car you buy, you be led by the spirit. Let God come down and do his work in your life and know that he's in control. Even if you buy a lemon, are you with me now? Pastors aren't God. I want you to really get a revelation of that. And I put decrease the pressure a whole lot on me. Say he spoke it. That's all that's necessary. Something will take place. Don't go painting on God's masterpiece. You see that, brother Josh? I I see that. Or we try to reshape it. Just make it what we want it to be. And we want this to be right and that to be right. And that's good. We want to be right. We're creators. We have a desire in as us to but don't go painting on God's masterpiece. You imagine someone take the mo the Mona Lisa some little painter that may puts their little artwork down here in Hardy. I don't think the Mona Lisa is right. I think I'm going to go and now they probably do good in Hardy. I'm sorry if I if someone here paints in Hardy. I apologize. I didn't know that. But but if you have a you know someone that just paints a little picture and you go up to the museum there in France, you go up and said, "Give it to me. Let me take it." It's already a masterpiece. Why would you want to change it? And you find out just a little nuance would change it, make it something it wasn't. I don't want to change the word. Let it change me. Let me look at the masterpiece until it changes me. I I I can't control every area of my life, but I believe my family is a masterpiece of God. Huh? Listen to me, church. We We can't If we We're going to go crazy if we're trying to control every I'm not saying we shouldn't try to help and we should we should give every effort we can give. But remember, at the end of the day, when we've done everything we can do, remember, he's still God. Let him finish the work. We don't take it away from him right here at the end of time and say, "Let me finish it, Lord." He can finish it. And what we see as a flaw may be the masterpiece itself. If you've heard brother Brandham's sermon on that, brother Brandham talked about Paul Rider and how he had a dream one time. He said he was in South America in missionary work. He got very sick. He had a dream. In the dream, he said he was back logging again. And his boss told him said, "Go up on that mountain and get the by that river." He said, "Go get this log." He said, "and and bring it back to me." So he goes up there and he said, "I can just see the axe hitting the tree and that soft wood." He said he got it down, knocked it down, cut it down, and he said, "I went to pick it up." He said, he was a stout man, but he couldn't pick it up. He said he tried. He couldn't he couldn't even hardly move it. And he said, "There's no way I can get it all the way down the mountain. I can't I can't roll it. There's other trees. There's no way to get it out. What am I going to do?" He said all at once he heard his boss's voice. He said but it was the sweetest voice he'd ever heard. He said he said don't don't trust don't struggle with it. Write on it. He said he saw the river and he understood that he should throw the log in the river and write it down. Hallelujah. Then he turned to look and it was Jesus. It was the voice of Jesus. Now look what did he do? He said don't struggle with it. Write on it. And he wrote it all the way down screaming in the dream. And he woke up screaming, "I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it." Brother Brandham said, "Why would you tugle with your load of sin?" Why would you be in the condition be the condition you are? He said, "Don't know where you're standing running from church to church, from place to place. Why don't you just pitch it in on the cross tonight, right on the word? Why don't you just take God's promise? Can we do that this morning? Why don't you take God's promise right out on out of the mess on out into the big blue open like that? Don't tussle with it. Don't worry with it. Just believe it. Accept it. It's a kingdom that cannot be moved right on it. If you're sick, take God's promise. I'm the Lord that heals all your thy diseases. How am I going to get well? The doctor says, "I got heart trouble. I'm deaf, dumb, blind, cancer, whatever." What difference does that make? Just accept God's promise and ride on it. Let's take a great big stick. Oh, come on, church. Let's do this this morning. Let's take a great big stick. Musicians, go ahead and come. I'm closing. Let's take a great big stick and drive it down here. Right on the top of it. The prayer of faith has been prayed tonight. I'm going to ride on it. Amen. When I read that, I thought of something I hadn't thought of before. You know what we did with sticks? We took a stick and put it at the front at the beginning of a row. Y'all know where I'm going. Took a stick and put it at the beginning of a row where we had planted a seed. And and we put a date on it and a piece of paper or maybe the package it came from. and you put that upside down on a stick and you write on it and say there's corn here. I planted corn on this date. So even if I don't see it, I know I planted corn. Even if I can't understand it, even if I come on church, we didn't go dig it up every day, see if it was still there. That would have prevented the growth. But what did we do, brother JT? We took the corn, we planted in the ground, and we put a steak down. put a sign on it and said, "Hey, today I planted a seed." And I know it takes time for a seed to grow, but eventually that seed is going to grow into what it was on the package in the beginning. Eventually that seed is going to make it. I trust the quality of the seed and the atmosphere that it was in to grow into Oh, come on, church. Listen, don't worry about your children. trust the quality of the seed and the atmosphere that they're growing in to bring them up in the right way. We think we got to fix everything. Let's give it to him. If you've done wrong, if you're wayward, he said, "He that covers his sin shall not prosper, but he that will confess his sin shall have mercy." Why not confess it? What must I do, brother Brandham? Confess it, then write on it. God said so. It'll take you right away from your sin. Said, take that stick and write on the top of it. Prayer of faith has been prayed tonight. I'm going to ride on it. Let's stand together. Hallelujah. Oh God, you imagine if we could do that this morning. The prayer of faith has been prayed. Let me ride on it. Let me take my worries and my struggles and the job he's given me and cast it into the waters of life. Let me ride it all the way home. Hallelujah. Let's sing this together. I give I give you glory. Oh, can we sing it now? Because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Thank you, Lord. because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." [Music] Oh yes, I worship you. We do that this morning. We're going to have prayer in a moment, but let's just worship him with all of our heart. Let's tell him hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. my proider. Oh Jehovah. [Music] Oh yes, you reign in victory. Jehovah shalu. Oh you're my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Oh yes, I worship you because of who you are. We bow our heads for just a moment before we sing it again. Every head bowed and every eye closed. If you need prayer, the altar is open. I make time try to make time every service for you to come. Throw your worries, throw your cares on him. I believe he's here. I believe that pillar of fire was where the prophet of God is right here. It's not cuz you're here in the band. It's not cuz I'm here. It's because God's here. The most high God dwells in his people. If you're worried this morning, would you cast your worries on him? If you've been trying to do it yourself and making a mess of it, would you just come and cast your worries on him this morning? I just have a season of prayer about it. I I I want because of who you are, Lord. I want to worship you. I don't want to let anything get in my way of of worshiping you, calling out to you. Could you do that today? It may be right there where you're at. You can just say, "Lord, Lord, I I want to treat you as if you're God. I don't worry in my mind. Though you're always on the throne, but it obscures that the fact that you are God. Lord, help me not to worry. Help me not to be afraid. Help me to trust you, Lord. Help me to love you so much that I believe whatever you do, it'll be for my good. Could you do that today? God bless those hands. God bless you. You're welcome to come and pray if you want to pray. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father. Lord Jesus, you said the prayer of faith shall save the sick. The Lord shall raise him up. And if he committed any sins, they'll be forgiven him. I pray it would be a soul, Lord, in this building. Lord, I pray that you would move right now. Oh, God. I pray that you'd make the darkness light before your people. I pray you'd remove the worry, Lord. Remove the fear that Satan is trying in this hour to make people afraid. If I don't follow this, if I don't do this, if I don't if I don't do this certain thing, I won't be. Oh, God. Help us today. Help us not to fear, but to trust you, Lord, to know that that you've revealed yourself in this hour as the most high God. I pray you grant it today. Lord Jesus, I pray if there's one here that doesn't know you, maybe in the power of salvation or the power of s of sanctified life, in the power of the Holy Ghost, I pray they'd receive you right now. Lord, I pray if there's one in need of healing today that you'd heal them. Lord, I pray you'd help us, protect us, keep us, Lord. Let our words be few in your presence, but our praise be great. Oh God, I pray you'd grant it, Lord. We will not boast. We will not we will not imagine. We will we will repeat back the words of God. I believe I'm saved. I believe I'm healed. I believe I'm going to make it. I pray you grant it, Lord. Bless these people now. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just worship him now. If you need to pray, you're welcome to come. Hallelujah. Oh my prince of peace, Jehovah. Hallelujah. Oh my prince of peace. So, I worship you because of who you are. Oh, sing it now. Oh, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Hallelujah. Because of who you are. Oh God, I worship you today. Glory. Lord, I thank you for being here with us in this service because of Oh, I thank you for being our most high God. Lord, thank you for being the possessor of heavens and earth, Lord, and for passing that possession on yourself. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord, for being the lamb. Oh, I thank you, Lord Jesus, for my salvation. Thank you for my healing, Lord. Thank you for your goodness in my life. Thank you for all the things I've heard about. I lay down my worry today, and I give it over to you. I'm going to ride on it, Lord. I'm going to believe. Hallelujah. Jehovah Gyra. Sing it now with all your heart. Oh my proider. Oh Jehovah is oh Lord. Lord you bring in victory. Jehovah shall hallelujah. Oh you are my prince of peace. Oh and I worship you. I bless you this morning. Don't quench the spirit. If you feel the news, do it this morning. Let God move in your heart. Oh, I worship you because because of who you are, oh Jehovah Gyra. Oh, thank you, Lord. profile [Music] Jehovah shore. You're my prince of peace and I worship you because of you are. Oh, I worship you because of who you are. Oh, create in me a clean heart. Oh God, [Music] and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, create in me the clean heart. Oh God, [Music] and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from me. [Music] Oh, restore unto me the joy of thy salvation for me. [Music] Oh, and renew arise spirit within me. Cast me not away again. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence. the Lord and take not thy holy spirit from me and restore [Music] to me the joy of salvation and renew a right spirit within me. And oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] Oh, he gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Sing it again now. And oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, singing. Oh, how he loves you and me. Well, he gave his life. What more could he give? And oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you. I'll sing it again with all your hearts now. Oh, we're singing. Oh, how he loves you and me. Yes, he does. me sing and know how he loves you and me. Oh, he gave his life. What more could he give? [Music] And oh, how he loves you. And oh how he loves me. Oh how he loves you and me. I know that God is so good. Yes, God is so good. Oh God, he's so good. He's so good to me. He answers prayers. I know that he answers. Do you believe it this morning? I know that he answers prayers. Well, he answers prayers. He's so good, too. How many love him here this morning? Well, I I love him so. Yes, I I love him. Oh, yes, we do, Lord. Well, I I love him so [Music] good, too. Do you believe he's coming back? Oh, put a hand up for him if you believe it now. Well, he's he's coming soon. I know that he's he's coming soon. Well, he's coming soon. He's so good, too. I like this one. He saved my soul. I know that he he saved my soul. Aren't you glad about it? Oh, he saved my soul. Well, he he saved my soul. He so good, too. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise if you love him. How many enjoy the word of the Lord this morning? Can you say amen? Amen. I believe that was good for us right there. I believe that'll help every one of us if we'll just apply that. Amen. We're not going to hold you too long. If you want to stay and eat with us, if you didn't bring anything, stay anyway. You're welcome to stay and eat with us. Amen. If we run out of food, we'll get more food. Hallelujah. So, we're just just stay in fellowship if you want to. If not, God bless you. No service this afternoon. Amen. Oh, I want to see him give you. Amen. You're free to go. God bless you. Well, oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Here's all that last heaven to rejoice. voice as I journey through the land singing as I go. Morning souls to calary to the crimson flow. Well, many arrows pierce my soul from without. Oh, but my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. And oh I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of the saving grace and all the strengths of glory. Let me lift my voice. Here's all pass. Oh at last heaven to rejoice when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, but I'll flee more close to him. He's going to give me life. Satan snares me infects my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Oh, but my Lord goes ahead, leads whatever time. And although I
