################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - Storms on the Sea of Life - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   Storms on the Sea of Life
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-AybJ50SBI
========================================

[Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Laughter] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Music] Jesus is alive and well. Sing it one more time with all your hearts now. Oh, he's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Well, I will praise the Lord. Oh yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord with all your hearts. Now we're singing. I will praise the Lord. Oh yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I know I will praise. I wonder if we could just praise him now. Oh, we're singing. I will praise the Lord. Oh yes, I will praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store. Yes, I Oh, you're sounding good this morning. Can you do it one more time? Oh, yes. We're singing. I I will praise the Lord. Oh yes, I will praise the Lord. And no matter what tomorrow brings, for what it has in store, yes, I will praise. I want to add this one in. I love to praise him. I love to praise him. Oh, praise him. I will praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. I will praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, I love to praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him till the sun. Oh, one more time. I love to praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. I will praise him. Oh, praise him. Clap your hands and sing it one more time. I'd love to praise him. Oh, praise him. I will praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. I will praise him. We'll praise him. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, I love to praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him. All together. One more time. I love to praise him. Oh, praise him. I will praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. I will praise him. Oh, praise him till the sun goes down. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. He's worthy of all of our praise. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh, sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our Sing. Every praise again. Oh yes. Every praise is to our God. Oh, and every word of worship in one accord. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah now. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Oh, sing it like you mean it now. He is God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He is God my savior. You believe it this morning. He is God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship is one accord. [Music] Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah one more [Music] time. Sing halleluah to our God. Oh, glory hallelu is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. With all your hearts now, let me hear you sing it. He is God, my savior. Oh yes, you are God, my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. If you believe it, can you give him a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. As the ushers would come for the offering this morning, I wonder if we could just uh just enter in worship this morning. How about y'all? Amen. If you brave the storm and he kept you safe. Amen. we just go ahead and tell the Lord what a wonderful God you are and how great you've been to us this week and good to see each and every one of you in the house of the Lord this morning. I know some that couldn't make it, but Amen. I'm glad you're here. Good to see so many that was able to make it out uh with the floods and the storms and I know some of you still don't have electric and good to have you here. Anyway, also I just want to remember these requests. Uh, brother Caleb Valance is having a series of surgeries starting next week and they are asking for prayers and that's brother Nathaniel and sister Beth Valance's son. Just remember him in prayer. Also, U Lizzy Joe had an ups upset stomach and diarrhea and also their home got some flood waters in it. So, just remember brother Gabe and Sister Millennia's family this morning. I believe that was their power still out as well. They were they were having problems there at the home. So, just remember them. And um also just uh someone sent in a prayer request for all affected by the storms and the flooding. We can say amen to that. And just remember every one of them. I know some that may have lost everything and we're blessed people. You know, we just got to praise him in this storm and and uh and just don't let the devil don't let the devil win. He didn't want you to be here this morning. So if you made it, get your blessing this morning. I believe he'll do it for you. Amen. Brother David, would you take these needs to the Lord? Hearly. Father, Lord, we come before you this morning, Lord. Just want to express our love and gratitude to you, Lord, for your protection, Lord, during the storms and the flood waters, Lord, and the peace that you give us, Lord, during these times, Lord. We just thank you for your being with us, Lord. Just ask you to come down, Lord. We want to just praise your name this morning. Bring these requests before you, Lord. you know each and every need that's before us Lord the different ones Lord the needs that's been placed here Lord you can move on each behalf Lord just ask you to have your way Lord can you remember our brother Ron Lord more test this week be with him Lord just ask you to come down now and have your way in the service bless this offering Lord may we use it you for your glory and honor have your way bless our brother Ben Lord just be with him and continue to touch his body in Lord in Jesus name we pray amen you can be seated Peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God cover me through the storms. Cover [Music] me. And only you I am safe. It's only you I'm secure. And only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Oh cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. And let the peace that passes all I understand. Oh, cover me. Cover me. Sing it one more time. Oh peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Oh peace of God cover me through the storms of me and only you I am saved. Yes, only in you I'm secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Oh cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. And let the peace that passes all I [Music] understand. Oh, cover me. Sing it one more time as Sister Ella gets ready to sing. Oh, cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? [Music] Speak the name of Jesus over you. In your hurting, in your sorrow, I will ask my God to move. I speak the name cuz it's all that I can do. In desperation, I seek heaven and pray this for you. I pray for your healing. Circumstances will change. I pray that the fear inside would flee. In Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. Jesus name. [Music] Seek the name of all authority, declaring blessings, every promise. He is faithful to keep. I speak the name no grave could ever hold. He is gater. He is stronger. He's the God of possible. I pray for your healing. Circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Come belieing. Come receive it. The power of his spirit is now forever yours. Come believe it. Come receive it. In the mighty name of Jesus, all things are possible. I pray for your healing, circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. I pray for revival for restoration of faith. I pray that the dead will come alive. Jesus name. Jesus [Music] name. In Jesus name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] There are walls made by man, built by fragile human hand that the enemy can scale and get to you. But there's one protecting me from my greatest enmy. It's a wall that Satan can't break through. is sometimes a wall of grace, sometimes a wall of faith, other times it's sweet mercy that I need. But the one for which I long, it makes all the other strong. I need all of prayer surrounding me. [Music] Oh my brother, when I'm weak, would you stand instead for me and pray a fortress around me strong that can't be moved? [Music] And I promise you today when I bow my head and pray, I'll do my best to build a wall of prayer for you. Sometimes of grace, sometimes a wall of faith. Other times it's sweet mercy that I need. That's the one for which I long. It makes all the other strong. I need a wall of prayer surrounding me. I need a wall of prayer surrounding me. [Music] [Applause] Did you enjoy our specials this morning? Amen. Give the Lord another hand if you [Applause] would. Add this one in. Sister Joanna. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I I would serve him. Well, I'm on the battlefield. I'll put your hands together. Sing it one more time. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I I would serve him. And I'm on the battlefield. Let me see if you can do a little better. Stand it up now. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Let me hear you sing it. Oh, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promise. Would serve him. And I'm on the battlefield one more time. Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I I would serve him and I'm on Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's hand as you sing it now? Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Yes, I'm on battlefield for my Lord. And I promised him that I would serve him till I die. And I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Oh, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I I would serve him. And I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise. Amen. Are you enjoying the Lord so far this morning? Holy Spirit fall in this place. Amen. Are you ready for him to just fall upon us this morning? Amen. I believe if we're here, we might as well have church while we're here. Amen. And I I we were over at youth camp last week and you know I saw some of them young people. Brother Ryan was there and and how how the Lord just moved on them. And I tell you what, we want to thank the Lord for that. But right here this morning as little creators, we need to create an atmosphere that God would be pleased with. Don't you think so? Amen. I wonder if we could just invite him to fall upon us this morning and move however he chooses to move on us this morning. Amen. with all your hearts now. Holy Spirit, fall on this place. Oh, Father, fill us with your love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit, fall on. Oh, let me hear you sing with all your hearts. Oh, holy spir and father us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit, fall on one more time with all your hearts. Oh yes, Holy Spirit, fall on this place. And Father, fill us with your love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit. Oh, I wonder if you just put your hands up to me and sing it one more time. Oh, Holy [Applause] Spirit, fall on this place. Father, fill us with your love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit, fall on this place. Give the Lord one more hand if you would. Amen. You ready for the word of the Lord this morning? Amen. I I believe this morning we just open our hearts. The Lord will do whatever we have need of. Amen. and you come out, you know, it's storming on the outside and the rains are falling. But I'd say this morning, I want the rain to fall on the inside because, you know, in a time, I believe the pastor preached that I was gone, but he preached on how the desert got dry. And we don't want to be dry. We don't want to be sticking at one another. We want to be sweet and loving, and the only thing that can do that is the Holy Ghost inside of us. And so, I would say, Lord, I need more of you this morning. And if that's your prayer, I wonder if we could just sing this with all our hearts more than ever before. Lord, I love you. But I want him to come by my way this morning. If you do, could you just lift a hand up to him? Ever before. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, more than ever before, Lord, I love you. more than ever before. Lord, I need you. And more than ever before, I've got to tell you, I love you now more than ever. before. If you love him, can you just put a hand up to him as you sing it now? Oh, more than ever before. Lord, I love you. Yes, we do. More than ever before, Lord, I need you. Do you need him this morning? Oh, more than ever before, I'd like to tell you, oh, I need you now. I need you now more than ever before. Can we raise our hands, James, one more time? Oh, more than ever before. Lord, I need you more. Lord, more than ever before. Oh Lord, I love you. Oh yes, more than ever before. I've got to tell you I need you now. more than ever before. We bow our heads together for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we need you now at this time more than we ever have. I pray God that you'd help us to not only know our need, but to acknowledge that you're the one that can fill it. Lord, I thank you for doing that today. I pray God that you'd just move in a mighty way, Lord, in our midst this morning. I don't know all the needs represented, but you do. And I pray, God, you'd meet those needs today. Pray you'd heal the sick. Touch those that are in need. Touch my body, Lord. Each one of these that are here, those that couldn't make it that are watching, Lord. I pray you'd bless them especially today. Keep them safe. We pray. We thank you for all that you've done. We love you this morning in Jesus' name. Amen. Thank the Lord. Amen. Psalm chapter 107, we're going to read verses 23 through 31. Psalms 107:23-31. Sister Clelet, so good to see you back there this morning. I I know you were here last week, but I wasn't. So, we sure good so good to see you. I know she's been sick for a while and not able to come. And uh we're glad the folks are able to come from West Plains and Pocahontas and different areas. Thank the Lord for that. And and we didn't think that'd be possible last night, but the Lord made a way. And so we're so grateful to see all of you all here this morning. Psalms 107:23 says, "They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters, these see the works of the Lord, and his his wonders in the deep. For he commandeth and raisth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves thereof. They mount up to the heaven. They go down again to the depths. Their soul is melted because of trouble. They reel to and fro and stagger like a drunken man and are at their wits end. I don't know about you, but I identify with this scripture sometimes. Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble. I identify with this, too. And he bringeth them out of their distresses. He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still. Then are they glad because they be quiet. So he bringeth them unto their desired haven. Oh, that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, for his wonderful works to the children of men. I pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated. Well, Walt, good to see you back there this morning. And God bless you, each one of you. I don't guess there's a more helpless feeling than being in a boat. Even being on the edge of the ocean is a pretty helpless feeling when you see the waves. And and if you ever get out in it, I'm not I don't swim. And you know, they they say that some of the guys who go out in kayaks on the ocean, they'll cross the ocean in a kayak, which seems like an incredibly stupid idea, but they say that some of those folks, there have been folks do that that couldn't swim, that they actually crossed the ocean on a kayak and couldn't swim. And that doesn't make any sense to me at all because there's no more helpless feeling than standing at the edge of the ocean and recognizing that there's nothing you can do about it, right? like if it decides to act up, there's nothing you can do about it. And even if you're on a boat, even if you're on a big boat, the the wind, there's always the potential for a storm that can upset your ship, that can take you down. And so, uh, you you have that helpless feeling. And I think that's a a metaphor for life itself, that we actually, uh, get in such a place that we, uh, we feel like that we're it's helpless. And we feel like these men did in Psalms 107 that uh you you you're reeling from life. You you find yourself staggering uh as if like a drunken man and you're at your wit's end and and you just don't understand what way to go or what's happening in your life or as blow after blow after blow comes to you from the enemy and and you you felt like that. I've felt like that many times. And yet we recognize this morning that our journey is divinely orchestrated. That we did not set out on this journey by ourselves. If we could see ourselves as the boat, our life, these bodies as boats on the ocean and our lives as being a journey that we're taking. If we would see that and excuse me this morning, we would recognize that that we are not helpless because the person that chartered this ship is the all powerful God. The one who made the ocean, the one who created the heavens and the earth is actually the one who who divinely orchestrated this trip. And we know that the Bible says in Romans 8:14 that as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God, but we can't always tell how he leads. I know many times with young people and young couples, I it seems like people expect to hear the voice of God in an audible way. And that could happen. I believe God could do that. Many times it seems like people are expecting uh maybe a direct word over the pulpit or or somebody to speak to them in in a prayer line situation and tell them just exactly what to do or or or how to uh react to certain things in their life. But many times that's not how he leads us at all. In fact, many times we're out there on the ocean and he's actually waiting on us to do something. He's waiting on a response. He's testing us to see what our response will be to the trial that we're in because he actually led us into this trial. But I'm here to tell you this morning, if he led you into it, he can lead you out of it. But we need him this morning. How many could acknowledge that we need him? And if you, you know, you don't think you need this message until you get out on the sto in the storms of life and you recognize I needed the message. I I needed the teaching that I've been taught. I needed I needed to know that God was real in the hour that I live in. I needed that. I I recognize I needed it. Many of our young people don't realize they need it till they get out on their own and they get to uh maybe doing some things they shouldn't be doing and they realize, "Oh, I needed that. I needed that. I I really needed the message of the hour." Right. Y'all forgive me this morning. I've been dealing with I'm not sick. I've been dealing with uh congestion for weeks and just can't seem to shake it. But it's just the time of year. And but I believe he's piloting the ship. How many believe that today? The healer is piloting the ship. He he he set you he chartered your ship and chose you. See, you weren't looking for him. That's right. He came looking for you. I was just sailing along doing my my own thing and had my own uh my own future in mind. But he chartered a ship so that he chartered my ship and chose me and revealed himself to me and showed me the message of the hour and revealed to me that was not just the son of John and Sharon Puit, but I'm the son of a son of God. And when he revealed that to me, what happened is he he was making himself known. He said, "I'm with you. I'll be with you. Even when you don't feel me, I'm there. Even when you can't see me, I'm there. Even when there's a lull in the revival, I'm still there. Yes. At every moment of your life, sir. So, we can't always tell how he's leading. Brother Brandham even says that God doesn't always tell his prophets everything, right? I think sometimes we think, well, if I could just get to a prophet, if I could just get to the to brother Brandham, if he was still alive, he'd tell me what to do. But God don't always tell his prophets everything. You don't always tell his men of God everything. Sometimes he'll tell me something about somebody else and there's things about my own life I wish I knew. Right. Right. And there's things decisions but he brother Brandon said he wants us to make decisions. Right. Oh yeah. Right. He wants us to he wants us to uh to see what decision that we'll make. And so brother Brandham even said that prophets could be deceived in that way. Not in the word but when it comes to their decisions that they have to make. they could make wrong choices and and so how much more could we make wrong choices and and even be deceived at times and yet we realize that he's always the one leading right so he leads us maybe in a different way than what we think look how Job describes the leading of the Lord in in a time when it seemed like in his life that he could not he could not feel God he he just couldn't grab a hold of what God was doing in his situation he he just couldn't understand it Right? And so Job in Job 23:8, he said, "Behold, I go forward, but he's not there and backward, but I cannot perceive him in my situation." Have you ever felt like that? I'm in a situation that I just can't tell where he's at at all in it. I don't feel him. I don't see him. I can't tell that he's there. I know he is because of the word, but I can't perceive him in my situation. I can't see how he's working. I don't know how this could be for my good, but we're resting in the promised church. He said it'll be for my good, but I can't perceive it. He said on the left hand where he does work. So, in other words, I can see his work. So, I'm like the the the sailor on the ocean that David described. I know he's working because I see his works. I I see his his movement. I see him working for other people. I see the wind. I see the waves. But I I know he's working in that. Yeah. But I cannot behold him. He hideth himself on the right hand that I cannot see him. So he says, "I go forward. I go backward. I go left. I go right. And I can't find God anywhere." I know some of y'all are real spiritual and every day you talk to God four or five times a day and angels come down, eat fried chicken with you on Wednesdays and and it's just a wonderful time. But I tell you what, there's times by the West I can't feel him. I can't perceive him. I don't know where he is, but I know he's good early. And uh Esther and and Britney don't do that. But but uh anyway, my grandpa told us he said if you were if you're 5 minutes late, he said, "You lied to me." So that that's just the way he was. So that's kind of the way we were raised. Well, my dad wasn't that way, but my grandpa was. But if you think about it, when Jesus promised you would be somewhere, he's not just there. He's there before you got there. Because he's not limited by the space and time that you are. Amen. So whatever situation you come into, whatever storm you come into, when when the when the furnace was heated up, he was already there waiting on them in the f in the furnace. So brother Brandham says he's he's here. He keeps his appointments always. He says this. He said he leaves glory maybe a little early. Hallelujah. So he can get there on get here on time. You thought he was late and he was actually early. Yes. Are are you with me now? They thought he was late at the tomb of Lazarus, but he was actually there all the time. He knew what was going on. He knew that Lazarus would die. He knew exactly what time to call Lazarus back from the dead. He may let you go through some pains. You may experience some fire. You may experience some some problems. You may have some trouble in life. But before you got there, he was already there. He had already investigated. You know, the secret service before the president comes to town, they investigate and they look through all the pitfalls and all the things that might happen. But because they're human beings, sometimes even they overlook some obvious things. But he's been there before you. The Holy Ghost has went before you before you ever went through a trial and investigated the trial. He knows all about the sickness. He knows all about it. And he he wouldn't lead you into it unless he'd already investigated. He was already there before you got was up early for as much. He said, "Lord, I don't know how to how handle all these people. I don't know how to feed them. I don't know what to do with them, Lord." He said, "I need your help." He said, "If you don't go with me, don't send me." And I feel like that many times as a pastor, Lord, I don't know what to do. I don't know what's next. I realize we live in a dark age. We live in a horrible time. ships even as he was. It's important. Brother Brandon said, "Take him the way he's presented to you." Yeah. Take him in the ship. He was tired. He was a man but they took him as he was. Yes, sir. Oh my. When you take him as he is, he will be what you take him to be. Now think about it for a minute. He can only be what you take him to be. If you take him I if you think you see the the Pharisees thought he should come down as a king. Yeah. So they could not take him as he was. Into their ship, right? They thought he had to come a certain way. And it's a dangerous thing to to begin to to make God try to put him in a place where he can only move this way. He brings you to a place and there's a lol in the revival because he wants to see what you're going to do with what you've seen done. Amen. Are you going to believe God's a healer? You going to believe he can deliver your children? You going to believe he can take care of you? Amen. see that their revival was in the boat the whole time. He was just waiting on them to call on him to call Jesus on the scene. We know that he was, as brother Brandon puts it, both mechanics and dynamics laying in the boat. He was not only the mechanics, God's word, he was the dynamics to prove it. Again, he said he died so he could come himself into that word. So when we see Christ and when we say the message is Christ, we're not talking about dead letter, we're talking about the message being not only the word, but the fulfillment of it. Not only the word, but the power to become sons and daughters of God, right? And and we have both of that. We're not waiting on that. We have that. He's in the boat. He died so he could come himself into that word. He is the quickening life that makes that word live again. That was his purpose of dying. he can still project himself through his church and make every word through every age act just exactly the way it's supposed to act. It's the mechanics and the dynamics together him in our boat right in our bodies that makes the word act like it's supposed to act in 2025. Yes, sir. Right. He We're not looking for another day. We're not trying to go back to another age, but we're actually make he's making the word act the way it's supposed to act today in us. He is the dynamics of the mechanics. He said the mechanics of the churches, apostles, prophets, teachers, so forth. And he is the dynamics that works that. He is the fire that's in the combustion chamber. When the gas, the word is poured over that combustion chamber. He is the one that sets through a fire. He's the one that confirms it. He's the power of the resurrection. He is God. Amen. He is the fire. That's what he is. Notice when this great moving power of God comes into a son of God, it quickens him. The spirit of life enters into him. You say, "Well, I got the mechanics, but I need the dynamics." No, you need to wake him up or you need to be born again. Because if you're born again today by the spirit of God, you have him in the boat. And if he's in the boat, he's able to quiet the storm. He's able to do it. But he's allowed you to get to the place where you're at right now because he wants to hear your voice. Right, sir. Hallelujah. He said now he said what does it do? He said it quickens him. It seats him in heavenly places right now. Not they will be. We are now. Now we've already resurrected. The dynamics and mechanics has gone to work. Quickened us and we're quickened up into the presence of God where his spirit is. Now someone say now we are seated together in heavenly places in we're not waiting on brother Brandham to come back. We're not waiting on some great preacher. We're not waiting on revival to come one day. He's right here now. Amen. Yes, sir. Now, if you've been born again, hallelujah, you got the token on your life now. Yes, sir. You've been raised up in heavenly places. He said, "Sitting there, that great seed is already fired up. You don't need to be fired up. You've already been fired up. You need to get back to that original fire." Hallelujah. He said, "Listen, he's already fired up. been raised from the dead. We're part of it. If you're a part of the bride, you are because the bride's part of the groom. So, we find out it's the same thing. And she'll do just exactly what's predicted for her to do in this day. She won't be a Leoa. Not by no means a lukewarm, but she'll be on fire for God. People use Leodysia as an excuse. It's not an excuse for the bride. She's the overcomer of Leodysia. But she'll be on fire for God. She'll be moving on in the spirit of God. The mechanics and the dynamics was in the boat. Everything we needed to bake the cake. Everything we needed to make the car go down the road sitting right there. But you got to call on him. You got to use the key of faith and turn it and believe that it'll start at the moment that you need it. Remember brother Brandham tells that story. I thought of it yesterday as the rescuers out here on the swift water rescuing the people. I thought of that story brother Brandham tells about being out on the water and how that he disobeyed God. He got in trouble. He gets out there on the on the water and he's he's out there and his boat won't start and he's going towards the falls. He's pulling that pulling that pulling that. God, I'm sorry. I'll preach wherever you want me to preach. You know how we get when we get in a storm. But God wasn't going to allow his prophet to die. He had a work for him to do. That's how I know God did. God saved him from death so many times. That's how I know when he when he did go, it wasn't an accident. He was done with it, right? With his earthly ministry. But I'm glad he left a message for us, right? But but but we don't he don't have to come back because he did everything he was supposed to do. But he was out there and pulling and pulling and pulling, but then it caught, right? Sometimes we feel like that with our faith. We're out there pulling and pulling and pulling. But just keep pulling. If you got confidence that the one that put you on this journey would not have given you a defective engine. He would not have put you without the mechanics and the dynamics to make it work. You just keep on pulling. Keep on believing for your healing. By your stripes, I'm healed. I know I'm healed. I know my children are going to be saved. Keep on pulling. Keep on pulling. Don't give up now. The falls are right ahead. But keep on pulling. You'll be there. You're going to make it. Amen. Why? Because he's in your boat. Brother Brandham said, "The mechanics is here and so is the dynamics. If you can just get started, Hallelujah. I don't like two cycle engines cuz they're so hard to start." That's a problem. I think a lot of us are running on two cycle engines. We're just It's just so hard to start. You know, we're out there pulling. God, help me to realize in this day you can give me a key of faith. I can just turn the key and it'll start up. Amen. But I got to have faith to do it. Look, you can just get started. God will do the rest. All they had to do was wake him up. Out there rowing, trying to make money, you know. If I get enough money, I'll be happy. It won't work. Trying to quiet your conscience, you know. Well, if I could just if I could just get respect from the people around me. I know I don't know why I'm going this direction, but I know there's kids in the message that live under that. That's right. How do you know where been? Cuz I did. You live under that. You want to be normal? Yeah. And you feel like, well, you know, if I could just get people to to love me, people in the world, normal people. But I got into ministry at a young age and I quickly figured out there ain't nobody that don't have trouble. In the message, out of the message, no home is as happy as you think it is. And some that look a bad situation, maybe not as bad as you think it is. Cuz you don't know what goes on in that home. And I learned that the world had nothing to offer me. Trying to get respect from the world. And I I get I want us to be a church that is a light to our community and and the people. I want them to love us, but they're not always going to love us. They're not always going to love you ladies the way that you dress. They're not always going to love our our young people the way that they act and things. They're not always going to do it. You're not always going to be rewarded for welloing. If everybody speaks good of you, you know, there's a problem. We can't live our lives looking for that. But we got to look at the master. Lord, what do you want? What do you want? I'm not going to live under that constant pressure to try to be as much like the world as I can be to fit in. But Lord, let me just live the word. Let me just believe you, Lord. I I'm going just let go of the ores and find Jesus. I know he's in the boat with me. I just need to wake him up in my life. I need to I need a stirring in my life. I'll make him say that this morning. I need a stirring in my life. Lord, I want you to wake up in my life. Yes, sir. He said, "The works that I do shall you do also." But he's now waiting to be called on the scene. He's waiting at this hour right now to prove exactly what I said about him to be so. He said, "If it isn't, then this is wrong and I'm a false witness. He's ready to be called on the scene right now to do the same things that he did." That's a powerful statement. He's ready to be called on the scene. He says, "Win the boat that we're sailing in." Let's wake Jesus in our lives. Hallelujah. You said, "Where is he?" He's right in you. I heard brother Brandham say yesterday, he said, "Where who did Jesus pray to?" He said, "He prayed to the spirit that was in him." The same Holy Ghost that you prayed to. Amen. He said, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell on you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth on you." All that you have to do is call on him. When you face the storm on the sea of life, wake up the voice of the resurrection in you. The Bible says he was in the hinder part of the ship asleep on a pillow. He's not worried. He's not upset. I love the detail of that that he's asleep on a pillow. It It's It's like he's he's he's not just asleep, but he's comfortable. Hallelujah. Oh, he's not worried. He knows the end from the beginning. Just call him up. Wake him up. They forgot he was with them. Listen what they said. They awake him. I can just imagine. I just wish I had a sleeping kid here on the front today. Sorry, boys. I can just imagine him going to him, them going to him. Jesus, wake up. First of all, they forgot they had him. And then when they found him, they panicked. How can you be sleeping? First thing they do is actually blame him. Don't you care? Don't you care? How many times have we done that? Let's just be honest, church. Don't you care that we perish? Carest thou not that we perish? How many times have we prayed like that? Lord, do you even care about my situation? Why are you asleep? Right. He said, I was just waiting on you to ask. We're just waking on you. Waiting on you to wake me up. They accuse him of not caring. I'm glad I'm not the only one that's ever been accused of that. But sometimes if you've got a need, the best thing to do is just let it be known. The Bible says, "Confess your faults one to another." And and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, right? If he's done any sins, the Lord will forgive him. Confess your faults one another and pray one for another that you may be healed. They they accused him of not caring. He didn't answer them. I like that. He didn't answer his critics. But Joel, but what did he do? Amen. He rose up. I don't know how far, how long it took him to get from the back of the ship to the front of the ship. But we know he made the journey because he put his foot out on the front of the ship. He was in the back of the ship and he walked to the front of the ship. And the disciples are going, "Hurry, quick, please. Don't you?" He'll do it right on time. There's boards laying everywhere. The mast is broken into. The ship's taken on water. And Jesus is just taking a stroll from the front of the ship, back of the ship to the front of the ship. They said, "How could you be like this? Oh, if we could ever realize he's in control. If we could ever realize he's got it, maybe we'd recognize we don't have to be all in a hurry. Just let him take it. Let him do it. So, he's walking towards the front of the ship and he steps out and he rebuked the wind and said to the sea, "Peace be still." He didn't sit up there and say, "Now, wait, disciples, if you buy 40 gallons of anointing oil, we'll get out there and you, Peter, I'll put you out on a stick and you can go out there and start anointing every wave and and then we'll we'll get a bunch of people together and we'll all pray and we'll all pray all night and night." There's a time for that. But listen to me, church. That's not him. That's just us trying to wake him up. Right. Right. Are you with me now? That they were desperate trying to wake him up as they should have been. But once he was awake, he didn't need a 7-day meeting or a 40-day fast. He just stood up. Yep. Said, "Peace." And every demon that swore to drowning said, looking forward and them 10,000 demons said it was going to be a bad day. Huh? We've been acting up, but we're fixing to have to be good like a bunch of toddlers in a daycare. I remember when I was in and I'm closing in just a moment. Forgive me. I remember when I just us here this morning, us local folks. So I feel like I can be myself. But I remember when I was in kindergarten and first grade, second grade and third grade, I used to go and we did tests at the school and there was a certain teacher at this Christian school, Mrs. Newman. And the other the other uh teachers would come in and the kids were just wild, just all over the place. My brother was the ring leader and they were all over the place. Of course, I was always good in the school, but Mrs. Newman. She was different from the other teachers cuz Mrs. Newman, I watched that woman one time. She called a deacon. There was a deacon in that Baptist church and she she called the deacon in and he had to whoop his kid in front of us. I'll never forget that. You couldn't have paid me to act up. Of course, he was embarrassed. So, he whooped him. I mean, he But everybody else walk in the room. all the other teachers could come in and it was kind of an open classroom where they had uh kindergarten and first grade in one room and then several other grades in the other room and and but when she walked in it was deathly quiet. She didn't have to say nothing. She didn't have to do nothing. She had complete control cuz they knew that when she said something she'd back it up. She wasn't going to say, "Well, when you you know if you act up, I'm going to get on to you. I'm going to get on." She didn't have to say it. They knew what would happen. And you know what? We loved her. I still to this day, I connected with her years later on Facebook and she's I don't know if she's passed away now, but she's very, very old and she's not. But she was a wonderful person. Eventually, the times got too much for her and they kicked her out of the school for being too disciplinarian. But she had she was the master of her environment. Listen to me, church. Jesus is the master of this environment. every devil, every little thing trying to make a mess out of the lives of these disciples and and try to kill him had to stop talking the minute that he spoke. You realize the power of the spoken word today when we speak the words that he already spoke. Listen, he rose and rebuked the wind, said to the sea, "Peace, be still." And the wind ceased. And there was a great calm, a noticeable calm, the same voice of the word that spoke through a prophet, excuse me, discern the thoughts and intents of the heart. Brother Brandham says this about it. Musicians, go ahead and come. He said, "Do you believe that that's the same thing?" He said that, "Do you believe that Jesus Christ's presence is here now? He's discerned the thoughts and intents of the heart." What was that? Wasn't a man. That was that was God in a man. It was the voice of God the speaking. Now it wasn't brother Brandham said this it's my voice he said it's my vocal cords but it's him speaking. So the voice of God is not the literal voice of William Brandham but the voice of God did speak through William Brandham and he wants to speak through you. He wants to speak through me if we could surrender ourselves in that manner. But he surrendered himself in such a way he said the gift is to get William Brandham out of the way. And when he did, he discerned the thoughts of the heart. And he said, "Do you believe that that's the same thing?" He said, "Do you believe that Jesus Christ's presence is here now?" How many accepts that? I wonder if we can say that this morning. I wonder how many of us could enter in and say, "I believe that the same Jesus that was in that boat is right here with me today." Do you believe the word or not? The word says he's here with us. He's right in the boat with us. I believe he's right here with me. Do you believe that Jesus Christ presence is here? Now, how many accept? Oh, what a security. He said, see what what did you do? Oh, come on, church. We think, oh, oh, if we just could get in a meeting, if we could just get in this situation, what did you do? If you meant what you just said when you said, I believe that he's here today, he said you awakened him. You brought him on the scene. Hallelujah. Here he is on the scene. He said, "Now, don't make any difference what the boat is saying, what the boat, come on, church. What your mind is telling you, what the devil's telling you, what your own thoughts are telling you, he said don't make any difference what the boat is saying." Remember, he can say, "Peace, be still. Peace, be still." Are we facing storms? I know that we are. Many of us are on the Sea of Life. wake him up. He is the dynamics to the mechanics. Brother Brandham said the father was the dynamics. The son was the mechanics and the dynamics came the father and the son. He said I do nothing. Said my father moves and I'll move. Oh my. If we could just realize that the bride in this day is to do only his will. Oh church, that's what we're being called to. And I know we we think well that's going to be some great super thing. But maybe that's just living our everyday life and realizing he's in the boat. He's there. We don't have to panic. He's right there. Right. Right in the boat. If you believe that he's here, you've awakened him. Call him on the scene. May he may may take some time to get from the back of the boat to the front, but he'll arrive on time. You're going to be okay. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, I know there's many storms that we face and storms that we've seen in the natural this week. Lord, reminds us of the storms of life. I pray God that you'd you'd quiet every storm today, every storm of doubt. Lord, I I I myself I feel so helpless. Lord, I I see that ship and other little ships. You can imagine what the other little ships must have been going through. I think of myself, Lord, as a pastor and a preacher. And you think of trying to lead people in an age where the storms are everywhere. You don't want to lead people into a storm. Yet, we know that your ever present, your ever present help will always be with us. You'll never fail us. You said you'd be a very present help in time of trouble. Lord, I got to hold on to that today. I don't know what the future holds. I sometimes, Lord, you give us a little bit of insight and we see things coming and we wish we could stop it. Lord, see people, Lord, maybe just on the edge and unsettled, but Lord, I pray you'd help them today. Lord, I realize I can't change that, but you can. I pray God that you'd move in every life and every heart, every family. Help them to know that you're speaking. Lord, you you want to help. Lord, you're right there in the boat. But we got to have the faith to wake you up, Lord. I pray that we could call you on the scene this morning for whatever we have need of, Lord, to just reach out by faith. And by faith, we can say, "Lord, I believe that you're here. I'm going to worship you that way." Lord, it's why worship is so effective and let in in our bonds breaking and our our chains falling off, Lord, is because when we worship, we're acknowledging your presence, Lord. And by doing that, we wake you up, Lord, just by saying, "Master, he was awake and walking to take care of their situation." I pray you'd grant it, Lord. Help us, God. I pray that you'd move in a mighty way. Touch every heart. Touch every life. We pray as we worship you, Lord. May we worship you in spirit and in truth with everything that we have, Lord. I pray you'd protect those in our area. I I know there's still some, Lord, that are picking through piles of rubble and Lord, and trying to clean up after a mess. I pray, God, that you'd help them. Lord, if there's anything we can do, I pray we'd be willing to do it and to help. But Lord, I pray you'd be with our area. We know there's many of your people here, Lord. And I pray, God, that you'd bless them. you protect them. We thank you for your protection, Lord, for your hand on our lives has kept us this far. We thank you, Lord, these storms that come through and yet, Lord, we're here this morning. We're so thankful, God. We love you. We thank you, Lord. You'll protect us even in the storms of life, even in the storms of our mind, even in the storms of of trouble in the world. Lord, I know that you'll still protect us. We thank you for that in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, there is light where darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, I wonder if we can acknowledge his presence in the house. If you need prayer this morning, the altar is open. Praise his name. He's in the house. Oh, he's in the house in my boat. What the Thank you for being here with me, oh God. And now there is light. Oh, where the darkness used to be. Now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. Oh, I want to say praise his name. Oh, he's in the house. Can we stand together and just worship him now? Oh, thank you, Lord. The little girl was lying there. Oh, yes. People, hallelujah, were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said, "He's only sleeping. Oh, as he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Oh, some begin to praise the Lord. Some begin to say, "Oh, thank you, Lord." Oh, yes, he is in the house. All dead. Death has to flee. You believe he's here this morning? Death has to flee. Doubt has to flee. Where the wor has to flee. Used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. Oh, praise. His name. Oh, he's in the house. Oh, yes. I was like that little girl. Oh, thank you, Lord. in all my sins. And Jesus touched this heart of mine who gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. Oh yes. Ever since that blessed day. There's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. Oh, thank you for the miracle, Lord. Thank you for what you did in my life. Oh, Jesus in the house. Oh, I thank you for being with us, Lord. Thank you for loving us to come in our boat. Thank you for chartering our ship, Lord. Darkness used to be. Oh, now they all no more doubt or praise his name. Oh, he's in the house. Sing it again. Oh, he's in the house. He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Hallelujah. Oh, now there is light. Oh, where darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more now. and your praise is your name. Oh, he's in the house. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lordes. Oh, sometimes [Music] howl. Oh, sometimes praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, sometimes gently sing our hearts in one accord. Oh, sometimes hallelujah. Sometimes praise the Lord and sometimes gently singing our hearts in one accord. Oh, let us lift our voicees up to the sky and start to sing. Oh, let us now return his love and let his praisees rise. Oh, sometimes hallelujah. Oh, sometimes praise the Lord and sometimes gently sing. our hearts in one accord with all your hearts. now. Oh, sometimes. [Music] Hallelujah. We want to praise the Lord and sometimes gently sing our hearts in one accord. Lord, can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise today? Amen. The winds of faith and give seal. Just sing this before we go. Amen. Aren't you glad he's in your boat today? Aren't you glad about it? Amen. If he's with us, then we don't have to fear anything. I mean, all fear is gone because we know who holds the future. Aren't you thankful? Can you give the Lord another hand of praise this morning? There are two roads you may take. One by sight and one by faith. Just take the word of God. For what you see, what you believe is what will be. So set your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, watch your deeds and watch your cry. Watch your mountain to high. Just speak the word of God and by and by. Oh, it will move or you will fly. Just set your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the wind. I like this last verse. Just watch the eagle up in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. Oh, for the power that makes him rise. Oh, it's already in the skies. Just set your wings. Can we do that this morning? To the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace set your wings to the winds of faith. Give him one more heck clap of praise if you would. Amen. Let's sing this just as we go. I would not be denied. Amen. God bless you for coming today. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord? And I believe it'll help you. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Oh, till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Well, as Jacob in the days of old, I wrestled with the Lord and said with a courageful I stood upon his holy word. Oh, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be. May you're free to go. God bless you. Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord, he is [Music] here. Well, I would not be denied. Oh, no. I would not be denied till Jesus came. I would not be denied. Well, oh Satan said my Lord was
