################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-07 - Ephesians Part 2 “All Spiritual Blessings” Pastor Ben Pruitt 8-6-25 - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-07
Title:   Ephesians Part 2 “All Spiritual Blessings” Pastor Ben Pruitt 8-6-25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AmMcgl1hRo
========================================

Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Never run. or even lack behind. If you would win for not the right, just keep on the firing line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run nor even lag behind. If you would win for God and the right keep on the firing line if you're in the battle for the Lord and ride keep on the fire line. And if you win my brother, surely you must fight. Keep on the fire line. Oh, there are many dangers that we all must face. If we die, if I is no disgrace, a coward in the servants will find no place. So keep on the firing line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run. Lord, even lack behind you. Oh, God is right. must keep on the firing line and God will only use a soldier he can trust on the fire. If you were around you might for the master help she could shall be rewarded for your service here. Oh, keep on the firing with all your hearts now. Oh, you must fight. Oh, never leave behind. And if you would win for God and the right, just keep on the pirate line. Oh, when we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad that we kept on the firing light. And how we'll praise the Savior for the call we had. Keep on the firing line. And when we see the souls that we have helped to win, leading them to Jesus from the paths of sin with a shout of welcome, we will all march in. So keep on. Let me hear you sing it now. Sing the voice one more time. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run nor even lag behind. If you would win for caught in the right ball as they play a one time turn around six shapes. Sing it now. Oh, just keep on the firing line. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Well, it's Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Well, it's Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. With Jesus on the main line now. Oh, and if you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Oh, if you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main Jesus. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the ground. Why don't you call him up? Falling. Tell what you want. Jesus on the line. I know it's Jesus on the sing. Tell him what you want. Jesus. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the line. If you need your healing, tell him what you want. Well, if you need your healing, tell him. Oh, sing it now. If you need your healing, tell him what you want. If you need your healing, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main. Why don't you call him up? Why don't you call him up? Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, you can call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Give the Lord the name of praise tonight. Amen. Go ahead and have the ushers come at this time if you would. Amen. Would you play that? Uh I know the master of the wind. Amen. How many's happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? &gt;&gt; It's sure good to see each and every one of you here this evening. Remember those that are out traveling for work and different things uh tonight. There's several out missing tonight. Just be praying for each need and and that the Lord will bring them back safely. Also, Brother Phil Allen, many of you may maybe know him here in the church. He run his thumb up through a saw yesterday and and uh took a big chunk out of the middle. I think it was. Brother Herald showed me the picture last night. And you don't want to see it. Um I think they said maybe something like 80 stitches or something in his thumb. So uh just remember him in prayer. I'm sure I'm sure that's painful. So remember the feel in prayer that the Lord will help him to keep that thumb and and and heal his body. I don't have any other written requests tonight, but brother Danny, would you mind stepping up here and leading uh the church in prayer for these needs? If you have a need on your heart tonight, we would make it known by an uplifted hand. Man, God sees the need. Heavenly Father, we come before you tonight, Lord, at this part of the service. Father, the requests have been made known, Lord. We just ask you to go in a special way and be with our brother Phil tonight, Lord. His hand all chopped up, God. and in pain. No doubt we know. And we pray that you would just go and work in that situation, Lord. That they won't have to remove any of his fingers. Lord, just that God, that you just come in a mighty way and heal his body. Lord, we pray for everything that's every request that was made here tonight. Lord, we pray for each hand that was raised. Lord, you know what our needs are before we even ask. Father, we just ask you to come down in this service and be with Brother Ben as he brings the word tonight. Father, may you just open our minds of understanding. Lord, may we feed from it your fountain, Lord. And we pray that you bless this offering in your name we ask. Amen. You can be seated the storms. Make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sing the chorus again. Well, I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm, make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. And my boat of life sails on a troubled sea. whenever there's a wind in my sail. But I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into a gale. with all your hearts now. Well, I know the master of the wind. Oh yes, I know. All you doing here tonight, church, I know he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle to the sky. Among the peaks my soul can be found. And an unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. It may bring me low, but it will never bring me down. With all your hearts now, but I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm. Make his son the shining king. I know the master of Sing that chorus again with all your hearts now. Oh, sing it now. But I know the master of the wind. Yes, we do. And I know the maker of the rain and he can call restore. Make the sun to shine again. Well, I know. Oh, one more time with all your hearts now. How many knows the master here tonight? Oh, sing with all your hearts. And I know the master of the wind. Well, I know the maker of the rain. And he can call the storm, make the sun to shine again. Well, I know the master of One more time as Sister Ella comes to sing for us. Let me hear you sing it. Well, I know the master of the I know the maker of the rain. Oh, he can call the stor. Shine. I know the bless. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Report says I am healed. His repores I am still free. His reoures I am free. His refores victory. Whose reform will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. His report says I am healed. His report says I am sealed. is reordering I am free. Is victory whose reform? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. His report says I am healed. His reward says I am still. His reborn says I am free. His reour victory report you believe. Amen. Whose reporter are we going to believe tonight? Amen. Let's stand together. There's none like you in the key of heaven. Amen. You believe there's nobody like Jesus here tonight. Amen. That's why we're here to worship him. You believe he's worthy of our praise this evening. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Sing the chorus now. Oh, there is none like you. And no one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I can search for all eternity long and I'd find there is none like you. I worship you, Almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. Worship you almighty God. There is none like you. With all your hearts now. Oh, there is none like you. Nobody else, no one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and I find there is no life. Sing the chorus again with all your hearts now. Oh, there's none like you. And no one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for one. Turn it on. And I find there is none like you. Aren't you thankful for the Lord tonight? Amen. How many's ready for the word of the Lord this evening? I don't typically go fast, but we're going to change it up on the end here just a little bit. And I don't like to bring a pastor out on a fast song, but sometimes I just feel it's necessary to wake us up just a little. How many's been tired on a Wednesday evening and you need to be woke up a little bit? Well, then let's let's do it like this. You remember I sing because I'm happy. Have you ever played that? Well, my sorry I got I don't know that I've ever sang this with sister Anna, but we can all do it. It's a fast song. Pentecostal G. And just as fast as we can do it, we'll do it. Y'all awake yet? You about to be if you ain't. Well, I sing because I'm happy. Oh yes, I sing because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. Oh, his eye is on the sparrow. And I know I know he watches over me. Oh, I sing because I'm happy. Oh, yes I see because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. All his eye is on the spare and I know I know he watches. All sing with all your hearts now. Well, I sing because I'm so happy. Oh yes, I sing because I am free. Yes, I'm free. Well, his eye is on the SP and I know I know he watches. Oh, put your hands together and sing it now. Oh yes, I sing because I'm happy. Oh yes, I sing because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. Well, his eye is on the sparrow and I know I know he watches one more time with all your hearts. Now, let me hear you sing it. Oh yes, I sing. I'm happy. Oh yes. He me because I'm happy. Oh yes I see. because I pray. Oh yes, his eyes on the spare and I know he watches me. Amen. Aren't you glad he watches over you? Amen. Amen. And he said, "If he cares for the little sparrow," &gt;&gt; Amen. He said, "How much more are you worth than a bird?" Some of us might be bird brains, but we're still worth more to God than a bird. So thankful for that tonight. I thankful for his love and his care. Let's bow our heads together. Maybe you've got a a special need you'd like to make known, but we've uplifted a hand. I know God sees those needs tonight. Heavenly Father, we so appreciate your presence here with us and Lord, the joy that we feel in our hearts knowing that you are a God who cares and a God who looks out for us, Lord. So thankful as a brother was testifying to me of your protecting hand even today. Lord, I I thank you for that. I pray God that you'd continue to watch over each and every one that's here. for you to help us, Lord. Help our children, Lord, those that are watching. I pray you bless them as well, Lord. I I pray that you'd just open up your word to us tonight. Speak directly to our hearts, Lord. We don't want to just get it in our heads. We want our hearts to be in it. I pray that you'd make it so. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Go right into the word. Ephesians chapter 1 verses 1 through3. I won't be here this weekend. Brother Joel will be here and and hopefully Brother Stewart if he makes it back from working out of state, but uh we'll uh they'll take care of you this weekend. But I'm going to go up to True Word Camp in Ohio. Um Peter and I think Emma's going with us as well. So we're going to go up there, me and Britney, and uh and hopefully have a good time in the Lord. and it's a long drive and a long long trip back. But uh just praying for the Lord's protection in that and uh they've asked me to do one of the afternoon sessions for the older young people and I realized what and asked me to do that. I'd never been that older young person. I was married so young and pastoring a church and doing those things. But but I'm looking forward to doing that for some of them some of them on Friday afternoons. You'd be praying for me. Ephesians chapter 1 and verse one. And then next weekend will be our banquet and brother Nathan Ericson will be here also on Sunday morning preaching that next weekend and I'm sure you'll enjoy that very very much. Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God to the saints which are at Ephesus and to the faithful in Christ Jesus. Now who do we find out that is? That's us. The faithful in Christ Jesus. Grace be to you and peace from God our Father and from the Lord Jesus Christ. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. We'll leave off reading there. Have your seats. Last week, we found Paul, the vindicated apostle and prophet of God, writing to those who are in Christ. That's us, in case we don't remember, by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's how we get into Christ is by being baptized by the Holy Ghost and fire and and and the literal life of Christ, coming back on the believer, anointing our faith, and allowing us to live a Christian life. And then we are in Christ. And when we are in Christ, we are found faithful in Christ because we are in him. And so Paul greets those peop that are in Christ. And he says, "Grace be to you and peace from God our father and from the Lord Jesus Christ." Now, a lot of times when you see that, you say, "Well, there's one person, God our Father, and another person, the Lord Jesus Christ." But we're taught that that's not the case. Uh because two people would have two opinions. And if you're a trinitarian, they teach that there are three people, three distinct persons in the godhead. And those would have three different opinions. And I don't know about you, it don't matter how much you agree with somebody, you're going to end up arguing with them at some point. If you're a distinct person, you're going to have some kind of a different idea. But God doesn't have any kind of a different idea because it's one God, one person who made himself the who made himself a father by making himself the son, right? And that that's hard for us to comprehend, but he's an incomprehensible God. So God is not diminished by separating the logos from that attribute of God. Brother Brandham said Jesus was that divine attribute of God called love. So God, he did not diminish the father to to cause the son to come to the earth and be born in the earth. So Jesus the son was the attribute not just an attribute of God but the attribute of the fullness of God. In Colossians 2 and verse 9 it says for in him dwelleth all. Someone say all. All the fullness of the godhead bodily. Word Godhead, don't let that stumble you. People take godhead and say, "Well, that means more than one, a godhead." That's not what that means at all. It literally means deity. In Christ dwells all the fullness of the deity bodily. Every every bit of God, right? There's no other God other than the other than Christ. And and so in him dwells all the fullness of the Godhead be bodily. He is not three persons. And brother Random also taught us he's not one like your finger. Right? Because the the uh United Pentecostal Church and some of those wonderful people, but they taught that he was one like your finger. And and from the beginning that Jesus that the the son was all that there was and and brother Brandham didn't teach us that. The Bible doesn't teach that. He could not be his own father. Right? So he had he the father manifested himself in the son. Brother Brandham says it this way. He was God manifested in a flesh of his creative son. I I think that we can all understand that tonight. He said God created the son. So he manifested himself and that was the fullness of godhead bodily. 1 Timothy 3:16 tells us without controversy. Great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached into the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory. Who was manifested in the flesh? God was. How much of God? All of God, &gt;&gt; right? So all that was in Christ, right? All that was in God, he poured into Christ, &gt;&gt; right? All that was in Christ, he poured into the church. He he emptied himself. Brother Brandon says, I think the Greek word was kinosis. I believe he emptied himself from one form to another. Changed his mass to become the son so that we could be saved. Aren't you glad? To become a man so that we could be saved. &gt;&gt; So we're saved by the blood of God. Do you believe that's what the Bible says? Said we're saved by the blood of God, the created blood of God, which he created in the body of the son. So he says, "Grace to you and peace by God our father and the Lord Jesus Christ. Blessed be the God," verse three, "and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings." And that's what I want to kind of focus on tonight. He hath blessed us, past tense, with all spiritual blessings. Brother Brandham says, not just some to the apostles and some to this. In other words, he did not portion out his spiritual blessings, but to the ones who are in Christ. How many are in Christ tonight? I believe we can be proud of that. I'm in Christ. What does that mean? That I have been blessed. I have been blessed with all spiritual blessings. I'm not waiting to be blessed, but I have been blessed. In other words, they're there for me if I if I'll grab a hold of them and take advantage of them. So, those spiritual blessings are there. Brother Brandham said the same Holy Ghost that fell on the day of Pentecost is the same Holy Ghost here tonight. &gt;&gt; The same Holy Ghost. You say, "Well, if we just had the Holy Ghost like we did in Brother Brandham's time, how many Holy Ghost do you think there are?" &gt;&gt; Right? The same Holy Ghost that was here during Brother Brandham's time. The same Holy Ghost that's here during the meetings. The same Holy Ghost that's here at a youth camp or somewhere else that's here on a Wednesday night. And he's still the same God. The same yesterday, today in favor. All of God is the Holy Ghost. Are you with me now? He is here in the form of the Holy Ghost. And he's here in each one of us. &gt;&gt; So the same Holy Ghost that fell on the day of Pentecost is the same Holy Ghost here tonight. The same Holy Ghost that made Mary shout and speak with tongues and have a wonderful time and rejoice and the things that she did is the same Holy Ghost here tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Then it ought to we ought to be able to have a wonderful time in the Lord. You say, "Brother Ben, you don't understand what I've been through." And I know sometimes people go through deep valleys and and troubles and things in their life. And I don't want to minimize that tonight, but we need to understand what we have and what we have access to by virtue of being in Christ. We are not only in Christ when we feel good. We are not only in Christ when we aren't being persecuted. We are not only in Christ when we're well, but when we're sick or being persecuted or facing trouble in our lives, we are still in Christ. Listen to me. You you seniors, you you're in Christ. Even if your body is failing you, you're still in Christ. Even if you have trouble in the in the flesh, you're still in Christ. You young people, you're still in Christ. If you make a mistake, you're still in Christ. Even though you might fall a hundred times, but if you've ever been in him, you're still in him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I hope you get grab a hold of that tonight. We're not preaching fear. We're not preaching a a dogmatism. We're not here preaching if you if you cross the pastor, you're going to lose. Or if you cross the associate pastor or somebody else or if you if somebody's opinion about you changes that changes God's opinion. No, if you are ever in Christ, you are always in Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm so glad for that cuz I don't always even have a good opinion about myself. &gt;&gt; I'd hate for my salvation to be subject to opinion, &gt;&gt; not even my own. &gt;&gt; So if you if Come on. That's why so many people are up and down and in and out all the time because their salvation is subject to their own opinion. &gt;&gt; I could stop and preach there for a while. &gt;&gt; I told myself I wasn't going to preach long cuz I got to leave about 5:00 in the morning, but I'm feeling good tonight. And I I just believe that that we shouldn't base our our our eternal salvation on what we think because we don't know everything. We don't see the whole plan of God. We don't see everything going on. We ought to submit ourselves to what God said. And God said, "I am blessed with every all spiritual blessings in Christ Jesus." &gt;&gt; That's what he has to say about it. &gt;&gt; What What are those spiritual blessings? We want to learn that tonight. And do they ever cease because we would want to know that if they ever stop coming to us. So what are spiritual blessings? That word blessing is a present in in one sense. There's two senses of the word. In one sense, it's a present. a present given as a sign of gracious kindness to promote the livelihood of the recipient especially with a giver characterized by joyful generosity. So it's a blessing a blessing. Another word another word for blessing or another sense of the same word is this this the act of of speech. It's it's speaking. That's what I was talking about the other day. That's Jason my nephew's favorite scripture. And I didn't know that when I when I said that, but he who blesses his neighbor early in the morning, it'll turn to a curse, you know, cuz he don't like his parents to wake him up. So, but uh but anyway, if I misqued that, you can tell me later. But but you know, if you to bless is to speak and so it's the act of praying for divine favor, especially the idea that even the the audience receives the benefit from the blessing. We say we bless our food, right? We we we do that. So, it's a blessing. It's a it's a it's a word. It's connected to something that you say. And so, uh it's used in 1 Peter chapter 3 and verse 8. Go ahead and turn there with me if you've got your Bibles tonight and and mark that scripture because it it kind of illustrates it very well. 1 Peter chapter 3 and verse 8. It says, "Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous." That's a almost that there's a lot right there we could just get into, but I don't have time tonight. Not rendering evil for evil or railing for railing, but contrary wise, blessing, right? So, this is speech, &gt;&gt; right? This is speech. This is the sense of blessing is speech. So when someone says something evil about you, bless them, &gt;&gt; right? Bless them where they can hear it. What do we say about blessing? If you if you bless the Lord in in your heart, that don't help nobody else, right? Nobody else. But to bless the Lord in the scriptural sense is to bless him with your lips to speak something. So if you speak, if someone speaks something publicly about you that's evil, speak something publicly about them that's good. Come on. &gt;&gt; Well, that's hard to do, but that's what we ought to do. Knowing that you are there unto called that you should inherit a blessing. Now, that's the other sense of the word. So, the first sense of the word is a blessing of speech. The second sense of the word is a gift, a present. So, if you bless with your lips, he's saying you will inherit a blessing. I believe the same thing is true of church. If you'll come to church and bless the Lord, you'll receive a blessing, &gt;&gt; right? And so we can see that now verse three again, he said he has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. He is he said so what is he saying? Blessed be the God and father. So Paul is blessing God for blessing us. So, I know a lot of people are waiting to say, "Well, when he blesses me, then I will bless him." But Paul is setting the people. Remember what he's doing in the book of Ephesians? He's setting them in their position in the land. So, he's telling them, "This is where you are. This is what belongs to you, right? This is he's he's giving you uh your geography lesson. This is where you are. This is who you are. This is what your land is, what your promise is." And so he blesses the Lord for blessings that have already been given by the Lord. &gt;&gt; Right? The first sense of blessing in the first word, the second sense of blessing in spiritual blessings. So he or he has blessed us with spiritual blessings. So now uh he we bless him because he hath past tense blessed us. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I wish I could just repeat that and and and just let let it sit right there. and then you come explain to me next sun next Wednesday night and we'll see how that goes because I really believe that we don't understand that &gt;&gt; we don't understand how much we've already been blessed or we would bless the Lord more. &gt;&gt; But see, we're waiting because we got prayers that we think are unanswered and think God heard your prayer. Listen, he he already knows all about it. He's going to take care of it. But we think things are unanswered and we think things haven't come to pass and we think things aren't working out like they should. So, we withhold our blessing of God, waiting on a better time. But listen, there is no better time than right now to bless God for the things that he's given us. How many believe that tonight? &gt;&gt; Bless him. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings. In other words, before we could ever bless his name, he blessed us with all spiritual blessings. to quote brother Windle from two years ago at the that's pretty good if you can remember a sermon for two years but brother Brandon preached or brother Windle rather preached a sermon to us titled we are blessed you are blessed remember that actually from just over a year ago and and and when he did that what was he telling us we've been blessed with spiritual blessings because some of us could say we are naturally blessed and others could say we are not &gt;&gt; right I today I I I was listening to a preacher, not a message preacher, but it was just a preacher that I happened to run across and he was talking about this preacher. You know, we we talk about people that have been blessed with good looks. Well, that could be a blessing or a curse. We've not all been blessed in that way. He was talking about this preacher. He said he was so ugly. See, just tremendously ugly. He said, "But he was such a good preacher that he almost looked good by the time he got done preaching. So that's that's pretty bad right there. Some people just aren't blessed with natural good looks. Ask me how I know. But we are all are all blessed with all spiritual blessings. That's why he puts the word spiritual blessings because in in the natural we are blessed. We're blessed by the sunlight. We're blessed by the uh by the weather. We're blessed by uh financially in different ways. But we're all blessed on different levels. But when it comes to spiritual blessings, all of the spiritual blessings are laying there for us &gt;&gt; to be blessed by. &gt;&gt; Now look, we've been he has blessed us with those. He's, in other words, he's given the gift. We just have to learn how to take it. &gt;&gt; So, we are blessed. Now, I wonder if we recognize that blessing. And and that's what really this teaching tonight is all about. You know, when we're looking a at the things of God, we've got to quit looking carnally at the things of God and letting our spiritual experience be tied to our natural experience. But we've got to understand that those two things may be completely different. Look at Paul and Silas in the in the jail with with rats running across their feet and stripes across their back, but they were still blessed with all spiritual blessings in Christ Jesus. Paul writes this from a prison and it wasn't a good prison. It wasn't the kind of prison they send people to today. It wasn't even as good as your local county jail, but it was a prison full of rats and full of filth and full of darkness. And yet he writes to the people at the Ephesians and he said, "We have been blessed." &gt;&gt; So I believe we could all say that tonight. I know we can if we are in Christ. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, but but brother Brandham, you know, he talked about how that churches could get to a place, and I think this instructive for us as individuals as well, that they could get to a place that they they just don't receive blessings anymore. &gt;&gt; They're too set in their ways &gt;&gt; to receive blessings. &gt;&gt; So, Brother Brandham is hunting on a hunting trip and he's hunting a grizzly bear. If you ever find me hunting a grizzly bear, remember I've gone completely nuts. If I'm ever in the grizzly bear woods, I'm sure the grizzly bear is hunting me. But brother Brandon was hunting the grizzly bear. And and when he hunted the grizzly, he he come to this place. It was night time and the moon was out and the wind was blowing. And he comes into this place that's been burned over. You remember the story? And and in this place, there's a bunch of Paul what has been trees, but they're dead, right? And they're just the the uh the stump or the trunk of a tree with no limbs left on it, no no leaves or no pine needles left on it, the big great pine trees, and they're just there, but they've been burned over. And so when he come into that place, he said it was a spooky kind of place that had been burned over. And so he got to looking at it. He said, "Well, that's just like Joel where it says that what what the palm worm left, the cankerworm ate, what the canworm left, the caterpillar ate." He said, "That's just like that." And so he began thinking about that. And he said, "But it was a very spooky kind of a place." He said it was just like a great big bunch of churches, great big spires sticking up like that. Just look like a big bunch of tombstones. He said, "Walk into the place and the spiritual thermometer a thousand below zero. walk in there and somebody say, "Amen." They'd turn around and the pastor get a deacon and take them outside the door. &gt;&gt; So, he's describing what this was like being in a burnover condition. Churches get in this condition sometimes, but sometimes individuals do as well when they don't when they cannot receive a blessing and you watch them sit in the house of God when God's even moving and the presence of God is there, but the person is so burned over by the fire of the enemy that he can't even receive it. &gt;&gt; And many times that kind of person, well, we'll blame the church or blame the pastor or blame the community or blame the message or blame somebody else or blame your neighbor. But really the problem is you you just got burnt over. You're in a condition where you can't receive. &gt;&gt; But he said he thought of the scripture and he said Job said I will restore sayaeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He said why they say you interrupt me when you're hollering. Amen. He said well you interrupt me when you don't holler. Amen. There is nothing more disruptive to a service &gt;&gt; than a bunch of people that will not move. &gt;&gt; Do you know that? Well, I'm afraid I'll disrupt the service if I say something. There is nothing more disruptive than a bunch of people that just sit there and look at you. And I'm not I know we got all kinds of different personalities and things. And the other day Joel got on to me. He said, "You didn't back me very good." Well, I had strep. So, or I had had it that week. I had a reason. But, you know, we're not all we're not all going to shout all the time or but but there's got to be something. I mean, at least at least nod at me once in a while, you know, and it'd be all right. And if you can't nod, smile, &gt;&gt; but we don't want to be mournful, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And and brother Brandon said they the the Methodists and the Baptists all together were they were big churches one time. And he said just like these trees were real trees. But he said he he said I said what makes the wind make them so mournful. He said well I happen to think that they're coming one day suddenly from heaven like a rushing mighty wind filled all the house where they were sitting. And I thought that's right. God can send out an oldtime Pentecostal revival and all the churches do is just mourn. &gt;&gt; Come on &gt;&gt; when it hits them. He said, "They're stiff. They're dead. They can't move." And I'm not talking about us. Everybody else, right? They they're stiff. They're dead. They can't move. They go, "There's no such thing as divine healing. Divine healing is gone. The days of miracles has passed. There's no such thing as the gifts of the spirit. Just pouring of the Holy Ghost." He said, just moving right through their members. They say, "Oh, don't believe that. That's fanaticism. We are churches. Look at here we are. We got a ritual. We're recorded. Oh yes, but brother dead. &gt;&gt; Come on. He said, "The devil's fire is done burned all the sap bark off of you. You ain't got no life left. Just a big bunch of ritualistic tombstones." He said, "Only thing you can do is moan and cry and go on." And God sending the revival just the same. He said, "Then I saw over in the second chapter of Joel where it said, I will restore, sayeth the Lord." Oh, church. Then I thought, what could you restore, God? There's not even any life in the thing. How could you ever put anything in that old dead thing standing there? An old stump and the moon shining on it, it moaning and groaning. It can't give. It ain't got no life in it. It just stands there and the wind comes and goes. Woo! Woo! I thought you can't make that thing move, Lord, because it ain't got any substance. It ain't got no life about it. It's all dried up and gone. &gt;&gt; Oh my. I don't want that to be us. I don't want that to be this church. Come on. &gt;&gt; But what we're looking for is some new growth. &gt;&gt; That don't have to be new people. That could be the growth of the word in your life instead of the growth of doubt. The growth of faith in your life instead of the growth of fear. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; He said you the cold formal churches, you can't do it. He said first place they won't let you in the pulpit to preach this kind of a gospel. That's right. Oh, he said that guy. So they can't be Come on. He said they can't be they can't be restored because they won't hear the gospel &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; preached. Oh, but if we will hear the gospel, if we can hear the gospel, we can be restored. We can be revived no matter what condition that we're in. He said, "They won't let you in the pulpit." He said, "Oh, that guyy's a holy roller. I don't want nothing to do with him." That's right. Their members would bring you in. All right, but I'll have to consult the board and the deacons. He said, "So the people want it, but the board and the deacons." And he said, "Want to go through that?" No, no, no. Right down the road. He said, "Don't tell me. I've been along the road." He said, "That's right." "Oh, well, you're good people, but oh, none of that in our church. It would just tear our church to pieces." And Brother Brand was telling us a story about an old black man that said this. He said, "You show me the church that ever died under spiritual blessings." He said, "I'll climb up this great spire and lay my hands on its big tower and say, blessed are the dead that died in the Lord." Because if you can die from God blessing you, you're better off dead. Come on. &gt;&gt; Oh, but I want the blessings of God. I need the blessings of God. &gt;&gt; I believe we all do. &gt;&gt; He said directly I heard something going and I don't know what this sound really is, but he said frolic. Frolic frolic. So something sounded like it was playful frolicking. I thought, "What is it?" And some undergrowth was coming up. &gt;&gt; Little bitty trees just like it. &gt;&gt; They were trees just like the big ones were trees. But what was it? They had received spiritual blessings, &gt;&gt; right? I said, "There you are, Lord. I will restore, sayeth the Lord, right in the same forest. Come up an undergrowth." What they call backwash today. What they call fanaticism today. And I said, "Look at the difference. &gt;&gt; When the wind hits these here, them big, tall, mournful trees, they say, but when it hits them little green trees that's got life in it, it just frolicss and jumps and up and down. Oldfashioned Holy Ghost revival. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. I will restore. You say, got a lot of life in them. When the wind blows, they just jolly with it. &gt;&gt; I like that. I don't care what the people says. That don't make any difference. I just frolic with the Holy Ghost then. Every way it blows, I just blow with it. Loving everybody, having a wonderful time. Isn't that what you want to be? Lord, let me be flexible. Let me be some of that undergrowth that's coming up. It may not look like much. It may be green, but let me be flexible to the wind of the Holy Ghost. Amen. What is it? Spiritual blessings. &gt;&gt; We know that these spiritual blessings fall on the just and the unjust. Do you know that you don't have to be even saved to feel the effect of spiritual blessings? &gt;&gt; But we're going to show you and I'll show you after a while what it means to be in Christ when it comes to spiritual blessings. Matthew chapter 5 and verse 44, Jesus said, "I say unto you, love your enemies. Bless them that curse you, good to them that hate you. Pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you, that you may be the children of your father which is in heaven. For he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and the unjust." &gt;&gt; So he's telling us how we should treat people. &gt;&gt; Because he don't treat them any different. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Right. You could have a neighbor that just the most vile, awful, mean person that you've ever met. Smokes like a like a furnace, drinks like a fish, just the worst person, commits adultery, carries on all hours of the night, and you both go to bed tonight. And when you wake up in the morning, God don't make the sun not rise on that person's house. If he's got vegetables in his garden, they grow just like the vegetables in your garden. He may go to his job and get a raise. &gt;&gt; He may be blessed financially. He may be blessed in all other ways. He may I've known people who smoked and drank all their life and those things destroy your health. But I've known some people just blessed with good health. They smoked all their life. George Burns was a comedian and he he didn't live a good life at all. But he smoked cigars I think till he was 90s something years old and and lived almost I think a hundred years old. Smoked like multiple cigars every day. I can't explain that. The blessings fall on the just and the unjust. &gt;&gt; That don't mean you could get away with it. &gt;&gt; Or I could get away with it. &gt;&gt; Right? But the blessings the sun and the rain are natural blessings that fall on the just and the unjust. The same is true of spiritual blessings. &gt;&gt; Right? If a person will be flexible and receive, they can receive spiritual blessings. Some people not even saved. In 1 Corinthians 10:1, Paul talks about how the children of Israel, I'm trying to hurry here to get through, but Paul talks about how the children of Israel all come through uh the the cloud. And he said, all passed through the sea. And verse two, we're all baptized to Moses in the cloud in the sea. And all eat the same spiritual meat and drank the same spiritual drink and drank of the spiritual rock that followed them. And that rock was Christ. But with many of them God was not well pleased for they were overthrown in the wilderness. But the Bible said they all come out by the same pastor. They all was baptized into the sea. They all eat of that spiritual mana. And the mana was Christ. Christ coming down. The mana come down every night from heaven and perish here to sustain the people in their journey. And Christ come from heaven and gave his life. Whosoever believeth on him should not perish but have everlasting life. He said, "Christ come down to become our mana to eat of these same spiritual blessings." &gt;&gt; Therefore, the Holy Spirit can fall right in amongst the people. And both Christian and lukewarm, halfbelievers and borderline believers will all eat the same, right? And that's why you can see people get blessed, &gt;&gt; right? Two people get blessed. Two people come to the altar. Two people shout. Two people run. Two people uh worship in the church. &gt;&gt; One of them live like the devil, &gt;&gt; right? One of them be a real Christian, &gt;&gt; right? Because the blessings fall on the just and the unjust. &gt;&gt; He he said he he said, "I I wish I had words." He said that I could drive this down and cinch it in the heart of every person here and see what a deep thing this is. It isn't something to be played with. It isn't just going to church. Or you say, "I know I'm saved. Hallelujah. I shouted in the spirit. I feel this." That doesn't have one thing to do with it. You see how we base our eternal destination upon a sensation. Or say, "I know I got it because I felt the power go through me. I did this." That might be all exactly the truth. And you're still lost. And remember Paul when he gets into Ephesians, he tells them, you're blessed with all spiritual blessings, but he doesn't base their salvation on their spiritual blessings, but he takes them back to the mind of God and said, "You were chosen in him." before the foundation of the world. That's why you're able to be saved. That's why you're able to be redeemed. Are you with me now? &gt;&gt; And the only way you can tell if that's taking place is what kind of fruits that you're bearing. Whether your life agrees with the word, right? And whether you say amen to the word, as brother Brand puts it in one place, or whether you believe the word of your hour as he says in other places, right? That's how you know. &gt;&gt; Are you with me now? Because if you believe it, you receive it and you'll and and and you'll act like it. &gt;&gt; You'll bear that fruit. So Paul puts it this way. Though I speak with the tongues of men and angels, have not charity, I'm become a sounding brass or tinkling symbols. So he's saying, in other words, I can have all spiritual blessings and still be nothing. Now all living things have sensation. That's what they tell me. That's why uh some people won't even eat vegetables hardly. You know, they say they feel pain. But anything that's living can have a sensation. An animal even can feel a certain amount of sensation. A human being, any human being can feel a sensation if they would if if they would not be hardened by sin. They can feel the presence of the Lord. That's &gt;&gt; right. They can know that he's there. But it's the manifested fruit that tells you what life is in the seed. So when the rain falls, it falls on the wheat and it falls on the tears. And then when it comes up, you begin to see what it is, right? So the wheat and the tears both benefit from the same spiritual blessings, but when they come up, then they have two different purposes and are two different seeds. So brother Brandham comments on this scripture, Ephesians 1:3. He said, 'You know, it don't take a lot of hollering. It don't take a lot of screaming. That's all right. Nothing against it. Now, now we're Are you okay with this? We're balancing this in such a way. And I want to get you to something in a moment. He said, "That's all right. Nothing against it. It's all right. It don't take that. It takes a submitted heart." Amen. Sitting in heavenly places, feasting on the things of the spirit. &gt;&gt; What does the spirit feast on? Emotion. Not allto together. He said it brings emotion. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He said, "But you remember the vision about the rain and the wheat, the tears. Remember when needing rain, there's a little cocker bearer. He's got his head hanging down. The wheat's got his head hanging down. When the rain come, both of them jump up and shout, "Same rain. But by their fruit, you shall know them." &gt;&gt; Now I I tell you what, if you're in the field receiving rain, you got spiritual blessings. &gt;&gt; So I want spiritual blessings. I don't want to be an old dead, mournful tree that can't receive. I want spiritual blessings. Yes, the wheat will receive it and the tear will receive it, but Lord, let me have mine cuz I believe that I'm the predestined of God. I believe I've been filled with the Holy Ghost. I believe I'm the real thing, &gt;&gt; right? And you've got to believe that or you'll never make it. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? The devil's going to try to talk you out the rest of your life. He's going to try to talk you out of being a Christian. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I just got saved and the devil's really after me trying to make me think I'm not a Christian." Well, that's his job. He wakes up and clocks in just to do that. &gt;&gt; I'm old enough to remember Peter when they had clockins that they had a punch card and you punched in. You know when you went to work when I first started going to work and I punched in and some places may still do that and and you put your card in there and it punched it for that day and you had to be careful not to get it messed up because they wouldn't fix it. So you just didn't work that day if you forgot. But we uh you know I uh the devil gets up in the morning. He punches in. Almost lost my train of thought there. The devil gets up in the morning and he and and he punches in and what does he do? He says, "I'm going to go bother brother Ben." He don't call me brother. I hope not. Devil gets up and says, "I'm gonna go bother Harvey today." You know, if he can't get to you, he sends a a little little demon down your way. You know, he's got lots of those, huh? Maybe send that neighbor we were talking about, you know, send him by your way. Well, that's his job. &gt;&gt; You can't blame the man for doing his job. But our job is to give it back to him. We know where we stand. Like, you can't tell me I I didn't go. I wasn't there. I I haven't experienced it. I I'm not part of him. Because I know that's that's me. I've seen myself in the mirror and I've said, "That's me. Amen. Are you with me now? &gt;&gt; I've seen myself in the mirror of the word. So the devil can't do anything to us that we don't allow him to do. But why don't we have more spiritual blessings? Brother Brandham says, I'm glad you asked. The reason we don't have the spiritual blessings. We have too much time to watch television, &gt;&gt; too much time to read the newspapers. Everybody say, "Well, kick the television out." Well, maybe you might need the newspapers. And now you read them on these, &gt;&gt; right? I'm using one to preach from. So it's not the device, &gt;&gt; but what are you doing with it? &gt;&gt; He said, "Too much time to read the newspapers or listen to something we ought not be listening to." And we are not redeeming the time, but we're giving it to the things of the world instead of our time to the Lord Jesus. So if you want spiritual blessings, you got to give him time to get to open those up to you. The spiritual blessing is the work of the Holy Spirit. Brother Brandon say he blesses us with what? Divine healing. How many you need healing tonight? If you need healing in your body, he has blessed you with that. He has blessed you with that. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me tonight? &gt;&gt; That's what brother Brandham tells us these spiritual blessings are. Divine healing, fornowledge, revelation, visions, powers, tongues, interpretations, wisdom, knowledge, all the heavenly blessings, joy unspeakable, full of glory, every heart filled with the same spirit. Walking together, sitting together in heavenly places, not one evil thought among us, not one cigarette smoke, not one short dress, not one this, that, or the other, not one evil thought. Nobody got anything against one another. &gt;&gt; Wow, what a church. But what he's saying is is that's what he wants us to be. &gt;&gt; He don't want us to be one in and one out and this one doing good today and that one doing good tomorrow and this one doing bad. No, he wants us to all come together in one accord in one place and recognize no matter what's going on on the outside. We belong to him. We are in Christ. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. He said everybody speaking in love and harmony, everybody with one accord in one place and suddenly there come from heaven a sound like a rushing mighty wind. He said there you are. He has blessed us with all. Someone say it again all spiritual blessings. But then we look at that and and you say, "Well, brother Ben, what you just said, it falls on the just and the unjust. So maybe I ought to just leave it alone." And some folks become afraid of spiritual blessings because they might be deceived. But the question is, are you in Christ or not? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; This is powerful. Brother B says, "When we are in Christ, we have spiritual blessing." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Did you need healing tonight? When we are in Christ, we have healing. When we are in Christ, we have salvation. &gt;&gt; When we are in Christ, we have we have all the gifts of the spirit. Right? &gt;&gt; Listen what brother Brandon said. Outside of Christ, we have sensations. &gt;&gt; The same spiritual blessing will fall, but all we get out of it is a sensation. This is where so many people and I and working with young people sometimes I'll go to different churches and places and I have people come and it breaks my heart because I I get young people feeling like well I didn't receive a great emotional experience so I must not have it. Are you in Christ? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Are you in Christ? And so much of it is this idea of I'll have them come talk to me and they'll say, "Well, brother Ben, pray for me. I don't know what I did to cause this problem." If I've heard that once, I've heard it a thousand times. &gt;&gt; Well, what did Job do to cause his problem? &gt;&gt; God recommended him for a trial. &gt;&gt; They'll say, "Well, I must not be doing. Brother Ben, tell me what I'm doing that's wrong because my loved ones aren't saved and my body's not healed and I went through the prayer line. I didn't feel nothing." Well, it's not about what you feel, but it's about what's on the inside of you. Are you in Christ? If you're in Christ, you receive spiritual blessings from Christ. But you got to be flexible to receive those. If you're in Christ and you're flexible to receive, you have all spiritual blessings. Oh, church, I say we ought to just pray, Lord, make me flexible to receive the wind of the Holy Spirit. Let me let me be able to bow down when the wind comes by my way. Outside of Christ, we have sensations, &gt;&gt; but in Christ, we have positive blessing. &gt;&gt; Are you in Christ? &gt;&gt; Right? That's who this is addressed to. Those who are in Christ Jesus, I believe our young people can be in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; I believe our elders can be in Christ Jesus. That's where we want to get you to. We don't want to get you dependent on emotion. We don't want to get you dependent on some preacher coming by and speaking some word over you. We want to make sure that we are in Christ. And when we are in Christ, this belongs to us. &gt;&gt; In Christ, we have positive blessing. Not make believes, not shams, not putons. But as long as you're trying to say you're in the promised land and are not, your sins will find you out. &gt;&gt; The first thing you know, you'll find yourself phoning. We call in the world gmed up. You'll find out you haven't got what you're talking about. But when you're in Christ Jesus, he's promised you heavenly peace, heavenly blessings, heavenly spirit, everything. Someone say it with me tonight. Everything is yours. You're in the promised land and in full possession of everything. &gt;&gt; Listen, what what do we say? What are these spiritual blessings? What are the blessings in the word that's been spoken to us? What were the blessings over each one of the tribes that we talked about? They were natural blessings that were spoken by a prophet. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What do we have in this age? Spiritual blessings that were spoken by the prophets and revealed by the prophet of this day. &gt;&gt; Are you with me now? Spiritual blessings. If the word says I can have it, I can have it. &gt;&gt; Are you with me now? Whatever I have need of, I can take that spiritual blessing. Brother said Abraham had a right to the promise. And the promise was his. Yet he had to fight to possess it. Brother B says the believer today I'm done here in just about five minutes. I can tell you're ready to be go home. So got just a few more minutes. I'm not lying about that. I promise. Maybe six or seven. But brother said the believer today yet we're heir to all things yet we're heir to every spiritual blessing. He even goes a little bit further. Every physical blessing, &gt;&gt; every blessing the Bible promises, &gt;&gt; yet you have to fight every inch of it. &gt;&gt; Why don't we have more spiritual blessings? Because you got to fight for it. &gt;&gt; So, Brother Brandham uses that in in possessing all things. And he uses, you've heard it a hundred times probably, but brother Brandham uses that Abraham going after Lot. Remember Lot belonged to him. Why did Lot belong to him? Because he was in the land. The land belonged to Abraham. &gt;&gt; So Lot belonged to him. So he went back and but but God didn't just say, "Okay, Lot belongs to you. I'm going to deliver him on your doorstep." He had to take his trained men and go down and fight a little bit. When he got done fighting, he possessed all things, &gt;&gt; right? and come back and met MelzDC on the way back to communion with him. So you got to fight to possess it. That's what we have to do. Now you say, "Brother Brandon, I need healing. The promise is yours. But if you ever get it, you ain't going to get it easy." I'm going to tell you, you're going to have to take it away from Satan. Satan captures your health. You got a right to go to Satan. Say, "Give it back. Hand it over. I come in the name of the Lord, the possessor of heavens and earth. I'm his heir. Give it back. &gt;&gt; You took my child." Oh, listen. I know this has happened many times. You got her mixed up with the wrong boy. You took my boy and mixed it up with the wrong girl. Mixed up with the wrong girl. I claim them. That's right. I claim my children. I claim my brother. I claim my sister. Yes. Oh, I got something I'm claiming right now. Yes, Satan. You took them from God's house. Coach them out there. But I'm coming after them. I claim them. What if we would all be like Abraham tonight? Say, I'm claiming my brother. Well, I haven't seen them on in church on a Wednesday in a while. Haven't seen them in church on a Sunday in a while. Let's claim the promises of God and say they belong in the house of God. They don't belong in a barroom. They don't belong out in the world. They belong in the house of God. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Sitting in heavenly places in Christ. I claim them. You say, "Well, how you know? I'm an heir of all things. It's given to me. I'm an air. I can claim everything God promised me." There you are. It's mine. How do you get it? Something you done? No. It's the unmmerited gift that God gave us. What was it? The blessing. Blessed be. Hallelujah. the father of our Lord Jesus Christ who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Listen, he said Satan he said Satan cannot hold it if you go to him in the scriptural authoritative word with faith to say it's mine. So the the best thing you can do when you're facing a trial, when you going to claim something, claim your healing is quote the word of God. &gt;&gt; Right? That's what Satan can He cannot hold on. &gt;&gt; See, he's got his hand dirty hands on it, &gt;&gt; but he can't keep it if you claim it by the word and let the Holy Spirit enforce it in your life. &gt;&gt; I like that. He said, "Satan, you lay it down. You took it from me, you give it back because I'm serving notice on you. I've got the notice written right here on the word. Heavens and earth will pass away, but this notice shall not." Hallelujah. So I come with this notice to serve on you that Jesus Christ said whatsoever I ask the father in his name he'll give it to me if I say to this mountain be moved and don't doubt in my heart but believe this what I've said shall come to pass I can have what I said lay it down what does he have to do church he has to lay it down because you're not coming on your word you're coming on the authoritative word of God &gt;&gt; hallelujah what do you have need of tonight if it's a spiritual blessing that's promised in the word if it's a physical blessing that's promised in the word grab a hold love that promise and say, "Satan, you got to let go of it. &gt;&gt; I'm claiming it. It belongs to me." &gt;&gt; See, spiritual blessings are for you. They belong to you from a God who's not, to use an old term. I know it's not politically correct today, but he's not an Indian giver. I don't know how we would say that today. A Native American merchant &gt;&gt; trader. He doesn't do that. Musicians, go ahead and come. I told you I wouldn't be long tonight. God, don't take it back. Listen what James 1:17 says. You tell the devil this. If you're watching tonight or if you're here and you the devil just beating you up. You just beating you up. Says you're not good enough. Here you're supposed to have a position in the church and look how you failed. And here you're supposed to be a Christian. Look what you've done. Look look what you haven't done. You think he doesn't try to do that to the preachers too? He does. You're you're supposed to be a a believer, a message believer, and you don't have any power with God at all. Look at the things in your life. Look, that's his job. That's that's his job. But spiritual blessings belong to you. And you give the devil this scripture. Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above. Hallelujah. and cometh down from the father of lights with whom is no variableness. In other words, if you ever spoke something, it's exactly not not true just for one hour or one day, but it's exactly the truth 100% of the time, exactly what he said. with in whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; So if the sun of God's favor is shining on you, and it is, church, if you're in Christ, if the sun of God's favor is shining on you, it won't ever go out. Hallelujah. It will never diminish. It You say, "Well, I'm getting older." But God's favor doesn't get any less because you're getting older. He's still there with you. He's still able to keep you. Hallelujah. Abraham was a possessor of all things, including the salvation of his brother. He just had to go fight for it. Hallelujah. You know, I'm glad we can possess spiritual blessings. You know, you say, "Well, I I just don't know what to do." Well, let the devil know whose side you belong on. &gt;&gt; Pick up your sword. Fight that thing. &gt;&gt; Don't let it just overwhelm you. Fight that depression. Fight that anxiety. Fight that lust spirit. Get Fight that thing. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; There's no variableness in God. If he ever honored a repentant sinner, he'll honor you. If he ever honored a person who come and ask for help, he'll honor you. If he ever healed one whose hands were laid on him and and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, if he ever did it, he'll do it for you. We've seen him do it many times. We believe that he's still the same. But you know what? If I was a if I was a rich man, people would know it. You know that they would know it. I'm not good at hiding it. If I was a rich man, there'd be a the best grill money could buy to smoke meat on. If I was a rich man, I'd wear nicer clothes. If I was a rich man, people would know it. Maybe that's why I'm not rich. Cuz if you get a little bit of money, you know, you spend it. If I was a rich man, people would know. But I wonder if you're a blessed man tonight. If you got spiritual riches, I wonder if we can let people know about it. I wonder if people that look into our lives could say that must be a blessed man cuz the devil put them through the meal last week. They had a hard trial, but yet they come to the house of God and raised their hand and smiled at the preacher and loved one another anyway. Why? because the devil couldn't take away those spiritual blessings that were placed in their life. There is no shadow of turning with God. Oh, I'm so grateful for that today. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, I thank you for these spiritual blessings that you brought to us. Oh Lord, I thank you for love and joy and peace and longsuffering and gentleness and brotherly kindness. Oh Lord, thank you for faith. I thank you for these gifts that you placed in the word. Help us, oh God, to fight for what belongs to us. Help us to have a revelation that if we are in you, you have blessed us with spiritual blessings, Lord. That if we have a need of a gift, you'll have a gift operate in just the right manner or in the right order just for us. If we have need of healing, you'll have healing there for us. If we have need of the salvation of our children, Lord, somehow the right word will be spoken and the right thing will be said and the right thing will happen in their life that'll bring them to you. We believe that, Lord. We trust you and we claim it today. We thank you for all these spiritual blessings, Lord. Now, we want to bless you. We bless your name tonight and we thank you for what you've done. We ask you to just take away every bit of doubt and fear. Lord, help us to know who we are, who's we are, where we stand, so that we can be better Christians. We pray Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. For all my sin, singing now my sickness and my pain. Go ahead and stand with me if you will. Oh. When I need healing, oh, I just claim those precious blood stains. If you need prayer, we'll be glad to pray with you before we go tonight. I claim the blood. Aren't you glad you're able to claim? That was the spiritual blessings. That's where they are is in Christ. That's how they were paid for is by his stripes. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Oh, those preious blood stains. &gt;&gt; Oh, they were made there just for me. Oh my. We bless your name, oh Lord. Oh, for all my sin. Hallelujah. All my sickness and my pain. And when I need healing, just claim it tonight, church. when I need healing. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I just claim those preious blood stains. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Oh, &gt;&gt; just blood stains. They were made there just for me. for all my sins. All my sickness and my pain. &gt;&gt; When I need healing, I just claim his precious blood saves. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Oh, yeah. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Well, I surrender to bring my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Yes, I surrender my call. I surrender to the king. Sing it again. Oh, let the worshipers want to worship here tonight. Oh, let the sons of the dark. I surren I surrender to you. Oh, let the horse burn the signs of the daughter. I surren I surrender to the king. How many enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Is that wonderful? Amen. We're going to try that rising up just before we go. Amen. Amen. How many knows the bride's rising up? &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe if we can just accept our promises tonight. Amen. You just accept the word that you heard tonight. I believe you don't have to leave here sick. Well, somebody say amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Some You don't have to leave here with whatever you came with. Whatever burden you've got, just leave it there. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I believe we're a bride that's rising up in the fullness of the word. Amen. If you enjoyed that word, give the Lord one more hand clap of praise tonight. Well, as I look out across the land, I see God's mighty hand, the bride of Christ adorned in her wedding gown. Oh, just like in the days of old. Well, they stood in curbage folds. Well, they turned this whole world upside down. Oh, we're rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Well, now the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. Demon spirits were cast out in the jail. They sing and shout while surrounded by God's holy angels. Sing verse three now. Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, well, I have some good news to bring to you. Oh, in the last days of his spirit more and more and like a mighty eagle, your strength renewed. We're rising up. We're rising up. Yes, we are. There's a New Testament church. Oh, we're rising up. Oh, rising up. There's a New Testament church. I like that last verse. Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, I have some good news to bring to you. Oh, in the last days, he'll pour of his spirit more and more. Do you believe it? And like a mighty eagle, your strength he'll renew. We're rising up. We're rising up. Oh, there's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Yes, we are rising up. There's a New Testament church. Oh, yes, we're rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rise it up. We're rising up. You believe it tonight? Well, there's a New Testament, church. Sing that second verse again. Oh, now the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. Oh, demon spirits were cast out in the jail. They'd sing and shout while surrounded by God's holy angel band. We're rising up. We're rising up. Oh, I hear you say now. We're rising up. We're rising up. Yes, we are. There's a new church right one more time. We're rising up. We're rising up. Oh, there's a new church rising. Oh, we're rising up. Rising up. There's a new church. I want to hear you sing it one more time. the church rising up. Oh, guess we are rising up. Rising up. There's a new testament church rising up. You believe it tonight? Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise if you believe it. Amen. And we're going to sing this one as we go. Now, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. God bless you. We'll see you Sunday morning for the gates of world. Keeping my record bright. Watching both day. I'm getting ready to leave this world.
