################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-12 - Reaching Forth Unto Those Things Which Are Before Bro. Joel Pruitt 91025 - Joel Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-12
Title:   "Reaching Forth Unto Those Things Which Are Before" Bro. Joel Pruitt 9/10/25
Speaker: Joel Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chOKbXJXAO8
========================================

Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Where will you let me down? [Music] Got [Music] it. [Music] [Music] Dwell in you. Dwell in you. Now it will quicken your mortal body. Give that spirit well. Now it will quicken your mortal body. If that spit dwell in you, now if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. Now if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. Now it will quicken your mortal body if that spirit dwell in you. Well, it will quicken your mortal body. Amen. You believe it tonight? Sing it to him again. Well, now if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. Now if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, oh dwell in you. Now it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, well, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, Amen. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. When I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus. boy and all he has done for me. I know my soul cries out, "Hallelujah! Praise God for saving me." Now when I think of the goodness of Jesus, oh and all he has done for me, I know my soul cries out, hallelujah. Amen. Sing it to him tonight. Well, when I think of the goodness of Jesus, oh, and all he has done for me. Well, then my soul cries out, hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. Well, we want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. [Music] I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, give him thanks tonight. Amen. Tell him this evening. Well, we want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Amen. Amen. Are you thankful for the rest tonight? Tell him tonight now. We're singing thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. Now I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord. Amen. Tell him one more time tonight. We want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. Now I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Amen. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Let's sing to him tonight. Oh, I want to see him. Amen. Well, as I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary to that crimson flow. Oh, many arrows pierce my soul from without. Oh, but my Lord leads me on and through him I must win. singing. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Look upon his face. Now there will sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. My cares all pasture. Home at last. Ever to rejoice. Now when in valleys low I look toward the mountain high and behold my savior there he's leading in the fine. Oh with a tender hand I stretch toward the valley low. Now he's guiding me I can see as I onward go. Oh I want to see him. Look upon his face. for there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let my voice my cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. Now when before me billows rise from the mighty deep. Then my Lord directs my bark. Now he does safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. Now he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so now. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there. Sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Lift my voice. My cares all passed. Amen. Amen. Sing that chorus to him as our brothers come for the offering. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace. Well, on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Well, cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. Amen. Is that how you feel tonight? Oh, I want to see him. Amen. Amen. Just welcome everyone out to the house of the Lord this evening. Just looking for the word of the Lord for my brother Joel one. Do you remember brother Ben? He's here tonight, but he's uh not not feeling too good. So, kind of swelled up and puffed up and a little sore, but Amen. Let's keep him in prayer. Lord, just touch his body this evening. The surgery went well. So, just wanted him to make full recovery from that. We want to uh mention that sister Carlo sent the note in that brother Ron Spencer got the PET scans back and all was clear. Amen. From his PET can. So, let's get the Lord a hand for that. Amen. I text him back and uh said he needs his kidney number to come up. he's going to stay on the chemo and stuff for six more weeks and his kidneys are not getting rid of the toxins in the body like they need to. So, he wanted to uh I told him we just pray for that. Just pray the Lord will just touch his kidneys. Amen. And just make them work like they should. Um we also want to remember Mary's friend's son. His name is Kale Willis. He's 23 years old. Uh he was born with a real rare heart disease. uh uh like real small arteries or something real like 3% of the population. Uh and he's he's uh battled through it, stayed strong, and he's about 23 years old now, but he had a a routine calath uh and it and it caused him to have a stroke. U and then he had a had to remove a blood blood clot from the right side of his brain. So been very groggy today. And they said uh just a minute ago that his CT had come back with no additional swelling. Uh he was sleepy and groggy, but he's left side is weak, but at least he's able to move it. He u he couldn't move it at all. They're saying there's a 1% chance of the clot breaking off during the calf. So, uh we believe the Lord was with him. Amen. On that. So, let's just continue that young man. Amen. Her mother and Mary, uh real good friends. Amen. And then uh we really like them and just want to pray the Lord will just just be with them. Amen. And just touch his body. Amen. You have a need on your heart. The uplifted hand. [Music] Heavenly Father, Lord, we come to you this evening, Lord, just thankful for another opportunity to come into your house. Lord, we just thank you for the testimonies coming forth again. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for bringing our pastor, Brother Ben, Lord, through his surgery. Thank you, Lord, for what you're doing for Brother J Ron. And we just ask that you'd continue to touch his body, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We pray for the young man there at the end, Lord, that you would continue to touch his body, Lord, and just bring him through what he's going through. &gt;&gt; And may you just touch each and every single need here represented, Lord. You know each and everyone's desire and the need that they have, Lord. May you just touch each and every one. May you just be with the service, Lord, and be with a preacher and may you just speak what's on his heart. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can be seated. Let's sing this little song to him. Amen. We don't have a special tonight. Does anybody got a song on their heart they'd like to sing for a special? Just let me know. Amen. We'll get you up here. Amen. Let's worship him tonight. Sing this song to him. Let's start with the chorus. Amen. You believe this about him tonight? Amen. Let's tell him now. Oh, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Heaven father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Amen. Let's try that verse now. As I come into your presence, oh past the gates of praise, into your sanctuary till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. I can only bow down and say you are awesome. Amen. Amen. Amen. Tell him tonight you are awesome in this place as a father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Amen. Tell him again now. Oh, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Ab father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives be praise. You are awesome in this place. Amen. Amen. You believe it tonight? Amen. Let's add in Let's add in a Let's add in a little song here. Amen. Let's Let's sing My God Is Real. Let's add that in tonight. Amen. I think it's key G. My God is real. We going to have to fill in a little bit since we ain't got no specials. Amen. There are some things I may not know. There are some places I just can't go, but I am sure. Amen. Of this one thing. My God is real. For I can feel him deep within. My God is real. He's healing my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and he's made me whole. His love for me is just like your God is real. I can feel him deep in my soul. Some folks may doubt, some folks may score. All can go on and leave me alone. Oh, but as for me, I'm going to take God's part. Oh, God is real and I can feel him deep in my heart. My God is real. Amen. I hear you sing it tonight. [Music] His love for me just like you go. My God is real. For I can feel him deep in my soul. I cannot tell just how you felt when Jesus took all your sin. the way. Oh, but ever since that day, now ever since that hour, God has been real. For I can feel his holy power. My God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has lost and he's made me whole. [Music] Just like you're gold. Amen. Amen. Amen. That sounds good. Play it tonight for us tonight. [Music] Amen. [Music] Man, that sounds good, didn't I? [Music] Amen. Let's sing that first verse again. Now, there are some things. Amen. We can sing that for sure again. There are some things now I may not know and there are some place I just can't go. [Music] Oh, but I am sure. Amen. Amen. Of this one thing that God is real. For I can feel deep within. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and he's made me whole. His love for me is just like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him deep in my soul. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Are you glad he's real to you tonight. Amen. Let's sing this little chorus. It's Jesus I really want to see. Amen. Especially after seeing the news today. How crazy our world's getting. Amen. It's Jesus we really want to see. Amen. Oh, it's Jesus that I really want to see. Oh yes, it's Jesus that I really want to see. Amen. I see of this old world the last it means to me and it's Jes. Amen. Amen. Certainly how we feel tonight. Amen. Let him hear you sing it this night. Tonight to him. Oh yes. It's Jesus that I really want to see. I know it's Jesus that I really want to see. Oh, the more I see of this old world, the less it means to me. And it's Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's stand together now. Sing that to him. Amen. Let it come from your heart. Oh yes. It's Jesus that I really want to see. Oh yes, it's Jesus that I really want to see. [Music] The more I see of this old world, the less it means to me. And it's Jesus. And I really want to see. Amen. Amen. Certainly how we feel this evening. Amen. Amen. Are you ready for the word of the Lord tonight? Amen. Let's just get behind our brother Joel. Amen. Say amen. Amen. It works that way. Just say amen. Amen. Once in a while if you hear that word of the Lord that attracts you good or if it don't. Amen. Say amen to it cuz it's the truth. Amen. So let's just get behind our brother. Just looking forward to the word of the Lord this evening. God will speak to our hearts. Amen. No matter what we see going on in this old world, we can sing this little course here. Amen. Brother Joel come. Well, I will praise the Lord. Singing now. I will praise the Lord. And no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Oh, sing. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store. Amen. Amen. Let's open up our hearts to him. Brother Joel comes now. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise. Amen. Amen. Tell him from your heart tonight. I'm singing now. I will praise the Lord. [Music] What it has in store. I know I will praise the Lord. Sing it again with all your hearts. Well, I know I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord. How many's going to praise the Lord here tonight? Can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise this evening? Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. Good to see each and every one of you here this evening. Amen. We'll just go right into the word. If you have your Bibles, Philippians chapter 3 and verse 13. Philippians chapter 3 and verse 13. Just want to uh announce that this weekend uh there'll be meetings uh there in Ponyie, Oklahoma with brother Wendell Martin. If anybody didn't know about the meetings, I'm sure you'd be blessed by those meetings. And uh they they really have supported our meeting so well over the last few years and and so many of them show up. And so I know if you if you're able to go, it'd be a blessing. If you can't go, be in prayer for those meetings for Brother Wendell Martin there in Ponyie, Oklahoma. Amen. They'll be uh they'll start tomorrow night. I know brother Ben will be there if he's able if he's able to travel. And then uh uh but I'll be here with brother Stewart on Sunday. So we're looking forward to that as well. How many loves the Lord here this evening? &gt;&gt; Amen. Philippians chapter 3 and verse 13. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before. And may the Lord add his blessings to the reading of the word. You may be seated. Amen. And so Paul here is is preaching and he's telling the people or he's talking to the people here and and he's telling uh not to uh not not to look to the things that are behind. Amen. But to reach forth unto the things which are before. How many knows that to be true? Amen. If you're looking in the rearview mirror, a prophet of God would tell us, you're sure to wreck up. If you're sure to you're sure to if you're always looking in the past and you're always looking at the things that have been or the way things used to be or uh or the or or or whether it be good or bad. If you're always looking in the in the rearview mirror, you cannot see what's in front of you. Amen. But we are to reach forth unto those things which are before. Can you say amen here tonight? And in the next verse in verse 14, he would say,"I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus." And so there's something that we're pressing towards. We're pressing forward. Amen. Two. And we're not looking back. Brother Brandon would say, but we're looking forward to the breaking of a new day until there is something great laying ahead of us where the years has been the joy that we've been look that we've looked forward to. Amen. The pressing coming of the great light. He said, "Now we can see it breaking over the horizon." He said, "It's breaking between mortal and immortality. We see it breaking between heavens and earth from an earthbound sickness and troubled world into a bright shining day of an immortal life." And I mean, you can look around you. You can see trouble on every hand. You can see the the the world is totally insane. Can you say amen? Amen. You can look at the news today and see, amen, that the the the the wickedness of the people in this hour. And you can see the things that are going on. But I want you to know, we're not looking to those things, amen, for salvation. We're not looking to those things, amen, as a believer, but we're looking for something great that is to come. Amen. Those things are troubling. Those things are are perplexing of times and the things that are happening, but those things are not Amen. Those things are not the things that Amen. We're not looking for those things as a as something for the believer. Amen. Although we see the world going down, we see it getting darker. We see it getting worse and worse. Amen. But the believer is looking, amen, for that great shining new day that is coming. Amen. We are pressing forward to the mark. Can you say amen here tonight? Brother Brandon would say it's shalom unto the church. It's a it's a light time coming for the believers, but a gross darkness for the people. Amen. But now, I want you to notice for the for the believer to overcome and for the believer to to reach their destination, there's got to be a desire in order to reach what we're looking for. Amen. There's got to be a desire to attain, amen, the thing that we are going towards. And so when we see the mark, you say, "Brother Joel," Amen. What are we looking for? What is the thing ahead of us? Amen. What? It looks pretty bleak for the world. It is a bleak day for the world. It is a bleak time. It is a It is a time of distress between nations. It is a time, amen, where brothers against brother and sisters against sister and and there's all kinds of political agendas and things going on in the world. Amen. But there is a goal that the believer has in mind and that is what we are pressing towards. Can the church say amen? Amen. We are we're saddened by the things that happen in this earth. Amen. But those things are those things are are are prophesied to come. Amen. There would be a a time that would that would be so dark that would you wouldn't know if it was day or night. Amen. It would be so black upon the earth. Amen. But we are not looking as as a believer. You don't look and say, "Well, that's my future and and we're going down with this world." No, sir. Amen. We are going up as a bride of Jesus Christ. We're not going down. Amen. Our goal is not to be earthbound. Our goal is not to stay here. Our goal is not to be amen the next person that that that would be the the the richest man in the earth or or or the or have a big name here on the earth. But our goal is to be in a rapture. Can you say amen? And so, Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "Notice." Amen. The word cannot deny itself. Amen. And that it is satisfied. It's a desire. It's a desire of what? What made you desire it in the first place? Because down in your soul, there was a predestinated seed which was eternal life, always laying in there, always was in there. All that the father has given me will come to me. There isn't any of them going to be lost. So before you knew you had a desire to serve God, there was a desire. Before you knew there was a desire to run this race, there was a come on church. There was something on the inside of you that actually gave you a desire to be an overcomer. There was something on the inside of you that gave you a desire to win. There was something on the inside of Paul that even when he was in a condition of murdering Christians and even when he was in a condition, amen, in a in a place where it didn't look like he could be saved, there was a desire that was always there, amen, to run the race. And there was always a desire there, amen, to overcome. There was always a desire in Paul to attain those things which were in the future. Can the church say amen? Amen. Listen, Paul didn't know it when he was when he was a sinner. Paul didn't know it when he was when he was in his past condition and in an evil state. Amen. But when he became when he came in contact with God and he came into the presence of the Lord. Amen. Then he could say, "I'm not looking for the to the things that are in the past. I'm not looking to the way I used to be. I'm not looking to the things that used to define me, but I press toward the mark. And that's what the believers are doing here tonight. Amen. You can say, "Well, look at where I've been." I told you last week, look at what I've done. Look at where I've been. Amen. But those things do not define you. Amen. In your walk with the Lord. Amen. Those things are just we we talked about it a little bit in last week that they are they are actually blocks that you can step on and and stone stepping stones that you can you can you can press towards and but when you start looking in the rearview mirror and you start looking to how you used to be and you start looking to the way things used to be. Amen. Then you start saying, "Well, I wish we could go back." The minute you go back, you're right back where you started and you've lost all your progress. But I think it's time as the church we quit looking to the way things used to be. What are things right now? Amen. What is my connection between God right now? Amen. Am I overcoming today? Amen. What's tomorrow going to look like? I don't know. But in the present, I can tell you that I will press on towards the mark. Amen. I'm not going to look back and say, "Well, brother Joel failed last year. Yes, I may have failed last year and I might fail. I may have failed yesterday. Amen. But tomorrow and the next day, I'm going to keep pressing because I know that there was something on the inside of me that gave me a desire to not give up, to not turn around, but to press forward. Amen. I think that's the thing for the church tonight. Amen. That we've got to have a desire. How many here want a desire? Amen. I believe you have a desire, but we want more. Amen. We want more of God. Why? Because there is more of God. Amen. That we can get to. Amen. There is more of God in my future. There's there there come on church. Amen. There's a whole lot less falling down in my future because why? I'm learning every time I fall that I can get back up. Amen. I'm every time I overcome I get stronger and stronger. Amen. Your body might get weaker. Amen. You might get down in your in your body but amen. But every day you are becoming stronger in the things of God. Why? Because God has placed a desire in you to overcome. And you will not give up. And you will not bow down to the things of the world. And you will not fall away. Why? Because God has placed a desire in you. Amen. And David would say like this, "One thing have I desired of the Lord and that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to inquire in his temple." Now, that wasn't David saying what he wanted to do. Amen. But it was a desire that God had placed in him. Amen. And that was the thing he would seek after. Amen. So if God has placed a desire in you to be an overcomer in this age, then it is time that you go ahead and fulfill the desire and be an overcomer. Amen. It doesn't matter how Come on, church. Amen. Every time we we look around at all of our failings and every time we look around at all of the the the the the complexes and things and we start saying, "Well, woe is me." Or, "I wish I could just give up and give in." Amen. It's not time to give up. Amen. I believe we're closer than we've ever been. And I believe we're so close to the end time. You can see the signs all around us. You can see the world going into total chaos. And brother Brandham would say even in the in this in the 50s he would say, amen, that the world was totally insane. Amen. What about now? What about 70 years later? Amen. When you can see things like the horrific thing that happened today, come on church. When you see the world in that condition, don't lose hope. Amen. But look up because your redemption is drawing nigh. Amen. when there's wars and rumors of wars and maybe political wars and maybe there's all kinds of wars between come on church. Amen. Well, I'm I'm Democrat. I'm Republican. Amen. They're they're fighting amongst themselves. But if you're caught up in that, it becomes a distraction to you and it takes you off of course of reaching your ultimate goal. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I I listen I I I think what we've done is we've become so distracted that when we were we see the prize in front of us. Amen. that we fail to see the that we fail to reach the goal because of distractions and things that are taking us off course. &gt;&gt; Can the church say amen? I'm a little off my notes. Let me get back on them here if I can. Amen. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He would talk about the the the woman, the Shounomite woman there in the Bible and and the the little boy that died and he said she went and got the husband that he he uh he said, you know, her husband is old and and they have no children. And so Elijah must have saw a vision and said, "Go tell her about the time of life. About a year from now, she'll embrace a child." And she did. She had a little boy. And then the boy died of a heat stroke. And and so then uh when he had died, she took him and laid upon him laid him on Elijah's bed. And what a place to lay him. He said, "Just exactly right. Laid up laid him on Elijah's bed." And she said to the servant, "Standle a mule and go forward and don't stop until I tell you." Now, I want you to notice here in the story. I've used this one before, but I just want to use this here. She knew if she could get to that man, she would find out the reason why. If God could tell him, amen, that the baby was coming and he would bless her with the blessing of God and that her barren womb could bear a son. Surely God could tell her, amen, that the man why he took him. And she said, "Don't you stop till I tell you, go to the man of God." Now, I want you to notice, amen, he was not to stop here and he was not to look over here and say, "Maybe they've got a remedy, or maybe there's a remedy over here, or maybe I need to find a new way to raise the dead." Come on, church. or maybe I need to stop over here and talk to intellectual person here or go over here to this bishop or that bishop. No, she had to get to the man of God. Amen. And distractions were not part of the journey. Amen. But she had to get to where she was going and so is it today. And there's going to be all kinds of men that say the days of miracles has passed and and there's no more there's no more Holy Ghost in the service is no more. Amen. There's no more anointing. Come on, church. Amen. There's no more anointing for you. There's no more healing for you. Amen. There's no more children coming back. There's no more restoration, but we know better because we've seen God restore. We've seen God raise people up and bring them into the newness of life. Amen. God is still God. And what we do is we get distracted and we lose focus that he's always been God. &gt;&gt; Amen. If when when you see Amen. where you came from, I mean, you look at a journey, I mean, you think of Egypt and you think of the Israelites there in Egypt and and they had a journey that was before them. And when they would get there and they would actually get out into the wilderness, they've already come through. They've already come through all kinds of obstacles and they've already come through. Amen. Pharaoh's army trying to get them at the sea. Amen. They've already overcome that v and they had a victory on the other side and they were dancing and they felt good. Amen. But they kept looking back. I wish I could go back and I wish I could go back to where we we had we had three square meals a day and we could eat and and you know even though we were in bondage, we were happy. Amen. But you know what they failed to realize was ahead was a promised land. Amen. The same God that brought them out of Egypt was going to take them on a journey to the land of promise. Amen. But what the problem was there is they kept looking back and they kept thinking what could have been and they wondered in the wilderness for 40 years because they kept looking back and if they could have ever just got their eyes, amen, on the pillar of fire and quit looking at the things that were that were taking place behind them and quit looking at the problems here in the camp and the sin that was in the camp. Amen. Get your eyes off of that thing and start looking to what God has already prepared for you. Come on, church. Amen. You can look around you. You can see sin on every hand and you can look around at everybody in the church and say, "Well, they don't have the Holy Ghost or this one don't have the Holy Ghost." Amen. But I'm not worried about what somebody else has got. Amen. But what about me? What about my journey? Amen. Am I pressing the mark tonight? Am I going to make it? Yes, I'm going to make it because I'm not giving up, but I will press. Amen. And if Paul had to press and then you've got to press and if Paul had to press and brother Brandham had to press and come on church. I mean it's not it's not a time when you you just get on you you say well I'm saved and God's going to take me on a journey. No. God will take you on that journey. But it requires you to press towards the mark. &gt;&gt; He has already given something in front of you. Amen. He already placed something in front of you. And I believe with all my heart that the mark that we are to press in this day with the message that we have been given is nothing short of a rapture. &gt;&gt; Well, I I I press towards I want a bigger church or I can press towards I want more members or I I can press towards I want a better job. No, I press towards the mark. I press towards the mark. There is a prize there for you. Amen. There is a crown waiting for you, brother Bill. Amen. You've got to press to get there. Can the church say amen? What we need to do is quit looking about what what is the mark and what do I need to get to? No. Our our ultimate goal is a rapture in this day. There is no there is no uh there is no concern of if there will be a rapture. It's when will the rapture take place. It's not a matter of if it'll happen. We know it's going to take place. Come on church. But if you start looking back, you're doing the same thing they did in Luther's day and the same thing they did in Wesley's day and the same thing they did in the Pentecostal age. Can you say amen? But because when when when when Wesley came along and then he he brought new light and and Luther's the people would look back to what Luther had. Amen. They failed to walk in the light that was presented to them. And then when when when the Pentecostal message would come along, they would walk in Wesley's light and forget and and fail to walk in the Pentecostal message that was the partial restoration for that time. But then there would also be a time, amen, when there would be a fullness of the restoration come. And there would be many that would not walk therein because they would look back to the glare of another age. I mean, it wasn't real light, but it was glare. And it was a light for their time. And they could look in the rearview mirror and behind them they could see a glare maybe of a city. You've ever drove down the highway and you go through a big city. You've already went through it. You're on the other side of it. You look in your rearview mirror and you see the lights of the city back there. Amen. But what it is, you're you're just seeing the glare. You're seeing a reflection of it. Amen. But what what you really need to look at is ahead of you. Amen. You're not going to see another city. Let me tell you something tonight. Amen. If you're always looking to what God has done, amen, you're failing to see what God is doing. And if you're always even looking so far in the future, well, God's going to do something great. God's going to do something great. Let me tell you something. Live right now and let look at what God's doing in your life today. Amen. God is not a God a far off, but he is an everpresent help. Amen. He is a guide. He is a man. Amen. He is a guide that has guided you this far. Amen. And if if God could bring you this far, how many believes he can take you all the way home? Amen. But what has got to be in the hearts of the people, what's got to be the desire of the people, Amen, has got to be a desire to press. How many can say, "I press." Amen. I'm not going to give up, but I will press. Can the church say, "Amen." Here tonight, amen. I'm not going to stop for nobody. I'm not going to stop for no war. I'm not going to stop because the world's going down. No, serve. This bride will keep on pressing. &gt;&gt; Amen. There was a there was a woman with an issue of blood and she pressed through the crowd because she knew if she could get to Jesus, it'd be all right. And her faith could touch him. And I want you to know that that same faith that she had is the same faith it takes. Amen. It's a faith that could if it could if it could heal your body, it could take you in a rapture. That's right. Right. &gt;&gt; How many believes that here tonight? &gt;&gt; Brother Ram would say it like this. God sends a guide. God wants you to remember that he's he is a his appointed guide. And we must remember him. Here it says Jesus said, "I will not leave you, but I'll pray the father and he'll send you another comforter." And this comforter when he is to come was to guide us to all truth. And the word of God is the truth. Can the church say amen? And the word is Christ. I am the way, the truth, and the life. He is the word. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Then if we follow the real true guide, the Holy Spirit. He was to tell us what he had seen, what he had heard, and he was to show us the things that is to come. Can the church say amen? There you are. He is going to show you the things to come. And when the churches today reject that, how can we ever expect to go to heaven? When the Holy Spirit was sent to us for a guide, we'll take some cardinal, some bishop, some general overseer or somebody like that to guide us. When the Holy Spirit was given to guide us, and the Holy Spirit always speaks of the word, I've got many things to tell you. He said, "You cannot understand it now, but when he comes, he'll guide you to it." Amen. Come on, church. That's why we can't rely on what we think we know or some mental conception of what we know. Amen. But we got to have the Holy Ghost as a guide. And he will lead you and guide you into all truth. Can the church say amen? He said that's the reason the coming of the seals at the finishing of the seventh seal, the mystery of God should be finished to know who God is, what he is, how he lives, his nature, his being. You're supposed to be all the way up here by that time. See, bring us into the full stature of sons and daughters of God. A church that's washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, that's bought without money, is paid for by the blood of Jesus Christ. Now, he said, "Here we are, a guide." And he is God's provided guide. Now, we're going through a wilderness and we're on a road somewhere and we can't get along without this guide. Can the church say amen? And he said, "Dare anybody to try to take a substitute or any other guide. If you do, he'll take you off the line." He said, "This guide knows the way. He knows every inch of the way. He knows every thought that's in your heart. He knows everybody that's there. He knows who you are and what you've done and all about you." Amen. Don't you want to trust a guide like that? Amen. He knows through. He knows every valley you've been through. Amen. He knows every trial you've went through. He knows every mistake you've made and yet he's still leading you. Come on, church. Amen. Every this God knows everything that you've ever done, everything that you will ever do. And yet, he has still placed before you a prize that you can attain. You say, "Well, I don't know if I can get there." Amen. He's already placed the desire on the inside of you. And he would not have placed the desire on the inside of you to win if you couldn't be a winner. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You think about it. You think about it in in in sports season. You think about it like this. When there's a goal in front of you, can you imagine a soccer player that's trying to reach this goal? And if he turns around and starts kicking the ball the other way, he's playing for the wrong team and you're sure to lose. Amen. But if he can score on the in the goal that's been placed before him, come on, church. the one that that the team that he's on, kick it in the right goal. Amen. Then he be he can come out victorious as a winner. Amen. It's just like a football team when they're marching down the field. Amen. If if the running back would get the ball and run the other direction, amen, he'd be scoring for the other team. &gt;&gt; But but come on, church. I think we've given too much credit to the devil. We've been scoring touchdowns for the devil long enough. It's time that we know who we are. We recognize what team we're on. Amen. we keep the goal before us and press towards the mark. It It's not time to start working for the devil. It's not time to start looking around and seeing is anybody cheering for me or is anybody pulling for me? No. Amen. God has placed you in the position he has placed you in so that you amen could attain the goal that is placed before you. &gt;&gt; Amen. We are we are we are placed there. Amen. If you are placed in position, if you are placed in a you think about it as a team, you think about you say, "Well, I'm not carrying the ball right now." No, but you might be blocking for somebody else and I'm not I I don't have the ball. The quarterback's got it. No, but you've got to hold up your end and catch it. Amen. There's a way to there's a way to score in the goal and you've you've got to get in the end zone. And the only way to do that, amen, is by working in the program a and the wheelhouse that God has called you to. Amen. He didn't call you, amen, to sit on the sidelines. Come on, church. He didn't call you to sit over there and just be a and just say, "Well, good job. That was nice." No, he called you to work in his field. He called you to be an overcomer. He called you to press. Can you say, "Amen." Amen. God has given this bride a desire, amen, to not just be a spectator, but be a participator in this in this game. Amen. It's not just a Listen, church, you've already you've already won. He knows you're going to win, but he's given you the power and the desire to be an overcomer in this hour. Can the church say, "Amen." You say, "Brother Joel, why do we have to press?" It's because God didn't push you in to one end of the pipe and pull you out the other and say, "You made it." No. But what he did was he put you here and he gave you a desire to serve God. And he gave you a desire, amen, to to seek him in his temple. And he gave you a desire to be an overcomer. And if there's a desire there, it was placed there by God. And then God has given his spirit as a guide to see you through every trial. Can the church say amen? Come on, church. What we need to do is realize that God did not place you here so that you could lose. God did not place you here, Amen, so that you could be so that you could be distracted. But God has placed you here to be an overcomer in Leodysia. Amen. He didn't put you in Luther's day. He didn't put you in Wesley's day. He didn't put you in the Pentecostal age. But he put you in the greatest of all ages so that you could see the coming of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Can the church say amen here tonight? Is anybody with me? You know where I'm going here tonight? Amen. We've got to have a guide to lead us to a place where we can reach the goal. You've got to have a guide. A guide places something on the inside of you. Amen. a guide can give you uh if you go hiking or if you go to a place where you go to a ranger station or something, you can find a map of the trails and you can see where you want to go. And the only way you can do that, many times you would never be able to find it on your own. You can get out there and you get lost in the wilderness. But if you actually follow what the guide has given you, can the church say amen? Then you can reach the goal that you're trying to get to. But you'll never reach that if you're just wandering around. say, "Well, I wonder if this will work, or I wonder if this is the way it is, or I wonder if we ought to just uh I wonder if we ought to just quit preaching and play tapes in the church, or I wonder if we ought just go this direction or that direction. Go back to a Pentecostal message." No, he has clearly placed a path in front of you. And he has said, "Press the battle." Amen. Every devil's going to come against you. Amen. All hell is against you. But I've given you a way to victory. Press the battle. Press to the mark. Press to the mark of the high calling. Press on and God will be there. And come on, church. Amen. He's always been your guide. Amen. He was a guide when you were a baby. He was a guide when you were a toddler. Amen. He always knew you would be a son or daughter of God. Amen. But when you accepted him as your guide, Amen. You quit walking like a toddler and you put away the foolish things. Can you say amen? But when you became a man or you became a woman and when you put away those things and you started walking not after the flesh but after the spirit. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me here tonight? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon would say this here. He said, excuse me, 1 Timothy 6 and9. 1 Timothy 6 and9. But they that that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare and into many foolish and hurtful lust which drown men in destruction and predition. For the love of money is the root of all evil, which while some covenant after they have aired from the faith and pierce themselves through with many sorrows. But thou, oh man of God, flee these things, and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, and meekness, he said, and fight the good fight of faith. Lay hold on eternal life, whereto thou art also called and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses. Can you say amen? And so, Brother Brandon would say like this. He said now he said Napoleon had forgot the main thing. What happened to him? He died totally defeated. A drunken sought. Why? He didn't play the game right. He had conquered the world physically. He had prepared an army. He was military genius. He took over every nation and done the things that that no other man could have ever done or did do like him. But he had forgot what the real message was. He had taken it and got his military strength. But he forgot the strength of the Lord. Amen. Come on, church. Don't forget to look up to where your strength comes from. Amen. Don't forget to look to your guide and say, "My hope is in the Lord. My strength comes from the Lord." Come on, church. Amen. Your guide is not me. Your guide is not the is not the church, but the guide is the Holy Spirit that has been given to you. And every one of us have got to come to a place where we recognize we need a guide. We are in a place of confusion. We're in a place of of death. And we've got to have a guide to reach the goal. &gt;&gt; Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. We defend our rights. and we defend our rights as as an American. And we we should and Amen. But we but we def we fail to defend our rights as a son and and daughter of God. We we we fail to realize who we are. Amen. The devil comes after you and tries to tell you who you are and what you've done. You tell the devil that you know who you are. You know what you've done. But you tell him that listen, I'm not listening to you. I'm not listening to you, Satan. Amen. You've had me bound too long. Amen. We're an overcomer in this hour. Come on, church. If you know who you are, then the the battle is the battle is the Lord's. Amen. We are an overcomer in this time because we are looking forward to the things that are to come and forgetting the things that are in the past. And come on, church. When you look to the things that are in the past, you're always going to start looking in the past and say, "Well, what about what about what I did here?" Amen. What about this mistake that I made? Or, "Well, I wish we could do it like they used to do it in the church." Or, "I wish we had things like, come on, I don't even remember what that was like." Amen. But I've heard people say that. But I want to tell you something. When you keep looking in the past, I wish it would be this way. God has orchestrated things to be like they are for your good. &gt;&gt; I wish we could go back to the way the things were in the message. I I don't want to go back 15 years myself because it wasn't great for me. But I can tell you this. I I I press towards the mark that is in front of me. Amen. I can't look behind me because behind me is mistake after mistake and fallen down after falling down. Amen. But when I look in front of me, amen, there is a crown of righteousness. Can the church say amen? Amen. That the Lord himself has prepared for you. Amen. He did not lay, come on, church. We said it last week. He didn't go build you a mansion over there. He didn't build you a home in glory just to lose you. Amen. He didn't pick you up just to let you down. Amen. He didn't he didn't put his home. Come on, church. He didn't place a desire in you to lose you in this race. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. David, think about where David came from. David was just a shepherd boy. And when he had to face Goliath, he could look behind him and say, "Well, yeah, he he did help me, but but but maybe I'm still just a shepherd boy. Maybe maybe I don't maybe I really can't face what's in front of me." Can the church say, "Amen. Maybe I really can't overcome. Maybe maybe there's maybe there's nothing to this. Maybe maybe maybe those five stones don't mean nothing. Maybe I really can't overcome. Maybe, maybe, just maybe, there's not a possibility of me overcoming. Amen. But David didn't think like that. Amen. David picked up the five stones for Goliath and his brothers. And he said, he said, "You know what?" He said, "God was with me there." He said, "But but but he wasn't looking at his failures." I want you to notice he looked back to what God had done in a good way. I mean, he quit looking. He looked at where God brought him from, but he didn't say, "Well, maybe he'll lead me in the wilderness, or maybe he'll lead me to the bear this time, or maybe he'll lead me to No, come on, church." He didn't look at the boy that he was, but he looked at the Goliath he was facing and said, "Greater is he that Come on, church." Amen. Greater is he that is in me. Amen. He quit looking at the circumstances and he looked at in front of him was a kingdom. Amen. That was his and and God had anointed him. A prophet came by. Amen. And and with a word from the Lord that he was anointed to be king. Amen. And if he was anointed to be king, then he had to overcome the giants that he would face. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Do you know before you're ever going to get there, you're going to face giant after giant and tribulation and and not the tribulation period, but you're going to have tribulations in your life and you're going to have trouble in your life. You're going to have all kinds of things come against you. Come on, church. Every one of you are going to fight that battle. Amen. But at the end of the road, there is victory. &gt;&gt; There is an overcomer. How many's an overcomer here tonight? Amen. But you've got to press the battle. You've got to keep on keeping on. You got to keep in the way that the Lord has called you. Can the church say amen here tonight? Amen. Brother Brandon would say like this. He said, "Every one of you people who profess to be Christians, get yourself quiet before him. Don't let the washing hinder. Don't let the work hinder. Don't let nothing hinder. Don't let nobody know what you're doing. Just go before him." He said, "Get up in the woods somewhere. Get out on the side of the road. Go into the secret closet and close the door when the kids gets at school." He said, "Get on your knees. You've heard all kinds of voices everywhere, but just get down and stay there until those voices are silenced and you begin to lift up. He said, "It'll change you. It'll make you different." He said, "Like it did little Samuel. It'll do something to you if you'll just do it now. It'll make you what you should be. It'll make you the kind of Christian that you ought to be." Come on, church. Amen. We've been listening to all the distractions and all the voices around us, but what we need to do is keep our eyes on the prize. Can the church say amen? Amen. Keep your eyes ahead of you. Amen. Keep your eyes on Christ because if they get on anything else and they get on the sinking sands of the world, amen, then you're sure to go down with the world. Amen. But if you keep your eyes on him, amen, when he comes, he'll be ready for him. Can the church say, "Amen." Amen. I'll be ready when he comes. It ain't because I'm good enough, but because he has made me good enough. Amen. It's because his power, his guide. Come on, church. Amen. I want you to notice when a prophet was lost up there in the mountains, he thought he was a pretty good guide on his own. And he thought he could find his way around, but he realized that he also was immortal and he needed a guide. Come on, church. Amen. A prophet a just because he was a word prophet. And just because he was vindicated time after time does not mean that he can get by without having a guide. And neither can we in this hour. Amen. You've got to have a guide that'll lead you to the mark. Come on, church. Amen. And what you when he was up there in the mountains, he said what he did is he he reached around there and he remembered there was a line that he could get a hold of. And he said when he got a hold of that line, he knew that would lead him back to safety. And I believe tonight, Amen, the message is the line that has been given to you. Amen. How many believes you've got a lifeline in this time? Amen. The lifeline has come. And I say hold on. Hold on to that lifeline. Amen. When you get Come on, church. It don't matter if the snow's getting deeper. It don't matter if it's getting colder in the world. It don't matter what every devil that's come against you. Can you say amen? Amen. But if you hold the line, hold the line and you'll get to your destination. Amen. There's safety ahead ahead of you. Come on, church. I mean, what what you find is every devil in hell's going to try to stop you. Every storm's going to come against you. Amen. But but all the devils in hell couldn't sink the ship because Jesus was in the boat. &gt;&gt; Amen. They couldn't do it. Why? Because they had a guide in the boat. And some I I think sometimes we just need to go say just go wake Jesus. Amen. He's still in your boat. Get down on your knees. Get up and and worship him and say, "You know what? We we've got the guide." Amen. But we need to recognize the guide is here. Amen. You're not going down with the waves. You're not going down with the sinking ship, but you are going to be an overcomer and you will reach the other side. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I want you to notice in the ship, Amen. They they didn't just sail over there. Amen. But when he came, when he said, "Peace, be still." It might have been the smoothest sail they've ever had because they they immediately went to the other side. And I want you to know something. When when you're in a place where where you feel like all hell is against you and every wave has come against you, how many's ever been there? Anybody ever been to a place where you feel like you're you're sinking in quicksand and you just can't find a way out and you feel like there just no help and you had to grab a hold of whatever you could find and it was the line. It was the message of the hour. Can the church say amen? Amen. Come on, church. But what you've done is you've been distracted by the by the noise. You've been distracted by the problems. You've been distracted, Amen, by the world. And do you realize Satan has done that just to distract you. Come on, church. Every blessing that God has placed before you, you say, "Well, I messed up. The blessings are no longer there." The blessings that were placed before you, the promises that were placed before you, they're still in front of you. Come on, church. Amen. When he said, "Thy thy house shall be saved," he didn't take that away from you because you failed God. Come on, somebody. You say, "Well, I didn't raise my kids in the way they should go." Amen. But but you've come to God and you've repented. Amen. And God may make them come the long way back, but they're going to come back. &gt;&gt; Can you say, "Amen. God didn't bring you to a place. God didn't bring you to a place of refuge and say, "I'm going to let you come in. Amen. Because of your mistakes, I'm going to I'm going to cause everybody else to perish." No, sir. God is not that way. He was not willing that any should perish. He was willing that all should come to him. Amen. If you've recognized the guide tonight, I say hold on to him. If you've recognized your position in the message of the hour, I say hold on to him. Don't give up, church. Don't give in. Don't turn around and look at somebody else or look the way it used to be. Don't look behind you, but keep your eyes on Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Are you still with me here tonight? I love in in in Philippians 3. I love I love in that 10th verse he said that that I may know him that I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings being made conformable unto his death. And in verse 11 he said if by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead. And then he goes on, "Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfected, but I follow after if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus." And then he goes on to say, what we read at the beginning, he said, "Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth unto those things which are before." And I love the verse 14. He said, "I press." Somebody say, "I press." I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Can I go just a little farther? He said in verse 15, "Let us therefore as many as be per as many as be perfect be thus minded. And if in anything ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you." He said, "Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule. Let us mind the same thing. Brethren, be ye followers together of me, and mark them which walk also. Uh, so as ye have for an example, and for many walk of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping of the that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ, whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things. For our conversation is in heaven, from whence also we look for the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. Are you still with me tonight? I mean, verse 21 says, "For who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself." So I would say here, when you look at what is in front of you, come on church. Amen. It is not the ones that have caused destruction. It is not the ones, Amen. who are who their mind is on earthly things. Amen. But if your mind is stayed on Jesus and your mind is fixed towards, come on church. Amen. Towards the coming of Christ. Amen. Then you will be with him. Amen. You will be changed and you'll become just like he is. I say we shall not all sleep. But we shall be changed. Amen. I'm not looking for Come on, church. I'm not even looking for the grave. If I'm preaching in 5 years or 10 years, if the coming of the Lord ain't as soon as I think it'll be, I want you to know this. I want to continue to preach that I will not sleep, but I shall be changed. I may go by way of the grave. Amen. But come on, somebody. Amen. Somebody's got to have the faith to make a rapture. And I believe according to the word of God that if I press towards that mark, we will attain that mark. We will attain what God has for us, Brother David. We will attain the things that are before us. Because I know that our best days are not behind us, but our best days are ahead of us. I don't care if there's fire and famine and fear in front of me. Amen. But I know who goes before me in battle. And I know whose side I'm on. I know who's already won the victory. Come on, church. Amen. I I know the things behind me haven't been right. I know the things behind some of you have been bad. And you say, "Well, my my future don't look so bright." It may not in in your flesh. Amen. You may have some bad days ahead of you, but greater is he that is with you. Greater is he that is in you. Greater is the comforter that has come. Greater is the guide than every demon ahead of you. You say, "I'm Can I overcome, Brother Joel?" Yes, you can overcome. What are you going to overcome? By by the blood of the lamb and by the word of your testimony. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "Don't ever have a negative testimony." Come on, somebody. Don't ever have a negative testimony. Well, I don't know if I'm going to make it. No, I'm going to make it because I'm pressing on. Amen. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. Come on, church. I'm still praying. I'm still pressing. I'm still laying I'm still laying up treasures on the other side. Amen. Cuz this world is not my home. I'm just passing through. But I know where I'm going. Come on, church. Do you know where you're going here tonight? Amen. Do you know without a shadow of a doubt that none of these things that are going to try to distract you are going to move you? &gt;&gt; Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; I got just a couple minutes left and I'll close. you okay so far? &gt;&gt; I love how brother Brandham would say, "Don't let nothing hinder." And that last quote I read to you, "Don't let anything hinder." &gt;&gt; Because there's going to be a lot of distractions. There's going to be a lot of things that are going to try to stop you. There's going to be he would he would just name simple things. He said, "Don't let the washing hinder. Don't let the work hinder. Don't let nothing hinder." Somebody say, "Amen." No, he said you don't have to let nobody know what you're doing. You don't have to say, "Well, I prayed through today." I get on Facebook and announce I prayed for two hours and 12 minutes today. I'm going to overcome. Or no, I tell you what you I tell you what you're going to do. It might It might be the person that fought to pray five minutes, but you overcame. It might be the person that fought to to even get on their knees one day, say, "Lord, I I I can't even find the words to say to you." Amen. But he knew your heart that day and knew. Come on, somebody. He knew that just to just to step just to step forward and to to kneel down and and say, "Lord, I don't even know what to say to you." Amen. But you were pressing on. Can you say amen? Well, there's a battle in front of me. I don't know if I can make, but you're pressing the battle. I I don't know if Well, can you say amen? Amen. I don't know if I can make it. I don't know. I don't know if my children are going to make it, but I will keep pressing on. I will ste keep going on. I'm going all the way to be with my Lord and there's none of these things going to stop me. Come on church. When the mountain's too high in front of you. Amen. I know a mountain mover. When the valley is too deep, I know somebody who can build a bridge over troubled waters. When there's some Come on, church. Amen. I know the peacekeeper. And I know the one who can calm the storms in your life. And anybody else know who I'm talking about? Anybody else ever met him before? Amen. I know somebody who can walk on the water. So if you feel like you're sinking in the storms of life, I know somebody who can reach down and re rescue you. Aren't you glad he reached down his hand for you? Aren't you glad that the guide grabbed you when you were falling down the mountain side and he said, "Come up higher." Hallelujah. Somebody ought to say amen here tonight. Amen. Anybody ever been in a position where you needed a guide? Aren't you glad that God came looking for you? You say, "I didn't go looking for him." No, you never looked for him. But when he found you, he put a desire on the inside of you. And ever since the desire was placed there, you said, "I press. I press." Somebody said, "I press. I'm not giving up, but I press on, and I'll keep going on and on and on." Somebody ought to say, "Praise the Lord" here tonight. Amen. Come on, church. Do you know him? Do you know who he is? Do you know the mountain mover here tonight? Amen. Do you know who's in the valley with him? Amen. Do you know who's on the storms of life with you? He's still the Jehovah Gyra. Amen. He's still God. And he changes not. He's still the God of yesterday. He's still the God of William Brandham and he's still the God that is in his bride here tonight. Somebody ought to say praise the Lord and give God praise here in the building. Amen. I think if you ever recognize if you ever recognize who you are and you know that he's with you. Amen. None of these things are going to cause you to fall away. Amen. But these things are just things you look at him. You say, "Well, I know I've got a guide." Amen. Are you still holding the line here tonight? You say, "Well, I can't hold on to him." No. But he's holding you because he's the one. Amen. He reached out and he found your hand when you were just walking around praising. I he you were walking around with your hand in the air and then something grabbed a hold of you and then you held on. Say, "Lord, I'm not letting go because between me and the hand of the the hand that is holding me." Amen. It might be life or death, but I am not giving up. Amen. I believe there's a bride in this hour that says, "I'm not giving up. I'm not going down. I'm not going down in destruction, but I will be changed. Can you say amen here tonight? When my time's up, let's stand here this evening. Amen. How many How many can say, "Thank God for a guide." How many can say, "Thank you, Lord, for grabbing my hand. Thank you, Lord, for holding my hand. I can't even walk. I can't even walk without you holding my hand. The mountains were too high. The valleys were too low. There was nothing I could do, but you held on when I didn't feel like holding on." And so when he placed that desire in you, you say, "Lord, I have a desire to overcome. I have a desire to reach out to you. I have a desire to hold on." Anybody here else have have that desire in your heart? I believe you do. You wouldn't be here on Wednesday night. If you're here tonight, I believe there's been a desire placed in you to press. It ain't going to be easy, but you can press. How many here's going to keep pressing on? Don't look back. Say, "Well, it was easier back there." there. Well, it might have been a little easier back there, but look ahead. There's a promised land ahead of you. Amen. There and there'll be giants and there'll be all kinds of there's going to be all kinds of wars and and there's going to be all kinds of sin and and things that try to stop you. Amen. But just keep following the vindicated pillar of fire. Amen. It's not a it's not a man that calls himself Moses. It's not a it's not a pillar of fire that you think you might have saw, but we've got a vindication of it here, church. We're not following a maybe, but we're following a no. We're following what we know is true. We're following a vindicated God. Amen. That has made himself real to us. Aren't you thankful for him here tonight? Amen. Somebody just raise your hand and say, "I can't even walk. I can't even walk without you holding my hand." Anybody ever faced a mountain that was too high? Yes. But you got over it. And if you if you couldn't get over it, then you might have to just have the mountain mover move that mountain for you. But you know, he can still do that here tonight. How many believes you can still make it? I learned how to stand. Oh, sing it now. Well, I can't even walk without you holding. Oh, sing it with all your hearts now. Oh yeah. I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Oh, the mountains too high and the valleys too wide. Down on my knees. Oh, that's where I learn how to stand. Oh Lord, I can't even walk without you. Holy. Oh, sing it again with all your hearts now. Oh Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Oh, the mountains are too high and the valleys are too wide. Oh, but down on my knees, that's where I learn to stand. And Lord, I can't even walk without you. holding my hand. Somebody give the Lord praise here tonight. Aren't you thankful? Amen. Well, I'm not giving up the key of G. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'm not. Oh, I'm not turning round. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, and I'll keep holding on. Oh, to that nail scarred hand. No, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Sing it again. Oh, I'm not giving up. Are you not giving up? Well, I'm not turning round. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, and I'll keep holding on. Hold to that nail scarred hand. No, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Well, I've been walking through the valley, through this veil of tears. Well, there's times I've even questioned. Even if my Lord was near. Oh, then at times that old tempter, he said, "Why not turn around?" Well, you can't get any farther because you're just losing ground. Oh, but I'm not. Oh, what are you going to say here tonight? Well, I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, and I'll keep holding on, holding on to that nail scarred hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Well, would you mind to tell me? Well, there's something bothering me. Why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? Oh, he has purposed and determined to get right in the way. Oh, and turn us from the way of life and lead our souls. Oh, what are we going to say here tonight? I'm not giving up. I'll sing it now. I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, but I'll keep holding on. Holding on to that nail scar hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep. Sing that chorus one more time with all your hearts now. Oh, yes, I'm not giving up. Well, I'm not turning. Anybody want to testify here tonight? By the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, and I'll keep holding on, holding on to that nail scarred hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. Though I'll keep Oh, sing it one more time with all your hearts now. Oh yes, I'm not giving up. Giving up. Oh, I'm not turning round. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown. Well, I'll keep holding on, holding on to that nail scarred hand. No, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going. on. Are you not going to give up here tonight? Are you going to keep pressing the battle? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Amen. I wonder if we could sing, "We shall be changed." How many believe that here tonight? Are you pressing towards a time, A's not going to be any sorrow, sickness, death? We're going to be changed. You won't all sleep, but you will all be changed. Aren't you thankful for it? Well, we shall be changed. I know that we shall be changed. Oh, I'll be changed from immortal to immortality in the twinkling of an eye. I know that we shall be changed. Oh yes, we we shall be changed. Oh, changed from immortal to immortality in the twinkling of. Oh, with all your hearts now, if you believe it, sing it. Well, we shall be changed. Oh yes, we shall be changed. Oh, changed from immortal to immortality. Oh, in the twinkling of an eye. One more time, I know that we shall. Let me hear you sing it if you believe it here tonight. Oh, we [Music] changed from this mortal to immortality in the twinkling of night. Well, I'm going on with my Jesus just the same. Oh yes, I'm going on with my Jesus just the same. Well, you can false accuse me, scandalize my name. Oh, but I'm going on with my Jesus just the same. Oh yes, I'm going on with my Jesus just the same. Oh yes, I'm going on with my Jesus just the same. Well, you can false. Excuse me. Scandalize my name. Oh, but I'm going on with Jesus. I'll sing it one more time. Oh yes, we're going on with Jesus just the same. Oh yes, I'm going on with my Jesus just the same. Well, you can false accuse me, scandalize my name. Oh, but I'm going on with my Jesus just the same. And I'm getting ready to leave this world of sorrow. I'm getting ready. Are you getting ready? Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh yes. I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for the gates of pearl. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready. See if I can remember a verse. Well, to prepare a mansion, Jesus said, "I'll go." If it were not so, I would have told you so. Just a little while to linger here below. Oh, but I'm getting ready to leave this world with all your hearts. I'm getting ready to leave this world of sorrow. I'm getting ready for the gates of pearl while I'm keeping watching. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Give him one more hand clap and praise. Amen. Everybody will be happy over there. We'll sing this one as we go. Amen. I hope that there was something said tonight that was a blessing to you. Amen. Don't forget the services that brother Windle be in prayer for him if you can't go. Amen. If you are going, we'll be praying for you. God bless you. Amen. We'll we'll be here. Brother Stewart and I will be here Sunday. So, just be praying for Brother Stewart. Amen. That the Lord will really uh just anoint the word there Sunday. Amen. As he brings it to us. God bless you as you go now. Amen. Well, everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. We will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. There's a happy
