################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-02 - Pastor Ben Pruitt Basket Cases (Why We are Unafraid of Fellowship) Part 2 6-1-25 - Ben Pruitt Basket Cases.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-02
Title:    Pastor Ben Pruitt Basket Cases (Why We are Unafraid of Fellowship) Part 2 6-1-25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt Basket Cases
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnMeelm_-nA
========================================

Description:
Pastor Ben Pruitt Basket Cases (Why We are Unafraid of Fellowship) Part 2 6-1-25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] You [Music] got heat. [Music] Heat up [Music] [Music] Every praise is to our God. [Music] Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship and one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our [Music] God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory. Hallelujah is due our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He is God, my savior. God, my healer. God my [Music] deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. Are you happy to be back in the house of the Lord this evening? Amen. We're going to try a couple songs on you that we don't sing often, but we're going to give them a shot. So, let's uh let's let's let's do let's let's do that. Look what the Lord has done. It's it's fast. And so, you pray for my musicians. We'll wake them up and then maybe I'll wake up. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. Well, each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Oh yes. Well, look what the Lord has done. Well, look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. I'm going to praise his name each day. He's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. One more time. Oh, we're singing. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Well, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. I'm going to praise his name each day. He's just the same. Oh, come on and praise him. Look what the Lord Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's hand as we sing it one more time. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. I'm going to praise his name. Each day he's just the praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Clap your hands and sing it one more time now. Oh yes. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. Oh, he Yes, he did. Just in time. Oh, I'm going to praise his name. Each day is just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Now, we're going to learn how to clap on this song. We're going to learn how to clap on this song. All right. Now, clapping's good. The clapping's got to be together. And so what we're going to do, I'm going to try to I'm going to try my best. We're going to clap with the snare. Is that right? We're going to clap with the snare on the drums. Now, I know some of y'all didn't have drums in your church, and it's hard to remember how to clap, but we're going to clap with the snare on the drums. And and uh just watch me. All right, clap with me. Let's do this in one accord. Then you don't know what the Lord might do. Well, look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. I'm going to praise his name. Each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. You almost got it. Let's do it again. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. And I'm going to praise his name. Each day is just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Y'all did good. Give yourselves a hand. Let's try another one. I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, one more time. [Music] singing. I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise. Anybody come to praise him tonight? I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Give the Lord another hand of praise tonight. Amen. As the ushers would go ahead and come. I don't have any written requests in front of me this evening, but we do want to remember continue to remember the Ward family in prayers uh for brother Danny's sister and also brother Bill sitting back there. We prayed for him right before service. Uh he was real dizzy and he's still here in the house of God tonight. So we're just praying that the Lord by the end of this service, Brother Bill won't be having these dizzy spells and and we're going to believe with brother Bill. Can we do that together tonight? Amen. Let's just uh bind our faith together and and let the Lord have his way in the service tonight. I know there's many needs among us, but you know, without having them here, I don't can't remember all of them, but you know, we just want to love one another and just think about one another, pray for one another. Amen. And I believe that the affection prayer of a a fervent prayer of of a righteous man, it availth much. And so, I believe tonight, if you just go before the Lord, I believe he will hear and answer your prayers. Do you believe it tonight? Amen. And we're going to have brother David take the needs to the Lord this evening. If you have a need on your heart, just make it known by an uplifted hand. Hearly Father, Lord, we come before you this evening, Lord. Just want to thank you for the service this morning, Lord. Speaking to our hearts, Lord. Just want to thank you for that, Lord, and the service you gave us. Just looking forward to the service this evening, Lord. Just come down, have your way among us, Lord, and just be with us, Lord. We just want to give you thanks and praise for all your goodness, Lord. Bring these requests before you, Brother Bill. Lord, may you just touch him as the word goes forth, Lord, for we know that's your way, Lord. Even when the word goes forth, Lord, just touch his body. Be with him, Lord. Just be with the Warden and Brewer family today, Lord. Continue to be with them throughout the rest of the week and the days to come, Lord, as as they take care of sister Becky lost there. Lord, just ask you just be with them, Lord, and touch and move. Lord, just be in this service today, Lord. We just want you to bless our offering. Bless your people, Lord. Help us worship you, Lord, and just pour out our love unto you this evening as we prepare for communion. Lord, may our hearts be prepared to take it, Lord, and just touch our bodies this evening. As we take the communion this evening, Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Sister Joanna, can you pull up gratitude on there? We're going to try this one, too. We We're just trying all the new stuff on you tonight. I hope that's okay. I've got one response. [Music] Nothing. Sorry. We'll go with there. Nothing [Music] new. We'll start over. I apologize for that. We'll start back with the top. I apologize. All my words fall short. I got nothing new. How could I express all my [Music] gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. But every song must end. [Music] and you never [Music] do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. I will worship you. So I'll throw up my hands. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, so come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Oh, so come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king. Except for heart singing hallelujah. Oh, let's sing it now. Oh, so I throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we sing that bridge one more time? [Music] Oh, so come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise. Oh, can we praise the Lord tonight? Oh yes. So come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. So let me hear you sing this part now. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much of nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Is that what we come to do tonight to throw up our hands and praise the Lord? And we have a special this evening from Haley, Millie, Maddie, Gabby, and Melody. All the young girls that sang together. And if there's I don't know if I got all your names on there, but all of y'all come on up and sing for me this evening. Amen. Don't you appreciate our young singers in the church? Would you give him a nice big hand? [Music] Great. Write scriptures on your heart for when you need [Music] it. Anxiety. Psalm 23. So just say it to yourself. Do you believe it? cuz I'm feeling like I'm needing it right now. Oh, the Lord is my shepher. I shall not want. He leads me by still waters till my fears are gone. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, though I know you are with me, my father, my friend, your goodness and mercy will follow me all of my days. I know by your still waters I'm safe. [Music] Lord, I believe you. Set me at ease. Turn this broken piece to me in peace and quiet. I know there's power in your word. So I sing it over and over till my soul's reminded of the Lord is my shepher. I shall not want. He leads me by still waters, till my fears are gone. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, though I know you are with me, my father, my friend, your goodness and mercy will follow me all of my days. I know by your still waters I'm safe. [Music] Still waters run through any valley I can find. I'm laying fear down here at heaven's riverside. Your word has been true. Every season of my life I believe. Yes, I believe. Still waters run through any valley I can find. I'm laying fear down here at heaven's riverside. Your word has been true in every season of my life. I believe. Yes, I believe. Oh, the Lord is my shepher. I shall not want. He leads me by still waters. Till my fears are gone. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, though I know you are with me, my father, my friend, your goodness and mercy will follow me all of my days. [Music] I know by your still I'm [Music] safe. I know by your still waters I'm safe. [Applause] Amen. Did you enjoy that? And give our young singers another hand if you would. He has forgiven me. He has forgiven me. Aren't you glad to be forgiven tonight? Amen. I hope you didn't mind me trying out some new songs on you. And uh you know, I'd rather you clap than not clapped at all. Even if you clap off because one thing we do, we want to praise the Lord. And we want him to be pleased with our worship because you're not worshiping one another. I like it to sound good, but ultimately we want to give our praise to the Lord, don't we? And so tonight, I want to say just let us let us just praise him with all we've got. Amen. I wonder if we can stand together. We're going to go ahead and invite our pastor out. Just keep him in prayer if you would. He just the devil's been attacking him, trying to make him sick and body. Amen. But I believe that the Lord could heal him as well while he preaches the word to you tonight. Amen. If you have a need on your heart, just hold it before the Lord. Amen. as as the as the word goes forth. And I believe he will I believe he will meet every need tonight. You believe it? Amen. I believe we come to communion tonight and we can sing this with all of our hearts that he has forgiven me. Amen. My sins have been washed from his memory. Aren't you thankful for it? Can you give the Lord another hand clap of praise tonight? He has forgiven me. Oh my sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of [Music] Calary. He has forgiven. One more time. Oh, he has forgiven me. All my sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of God. Oh, I know he has forgiven. Oh, can you sing it one more time? Oh, he has. How many's forgiven in here? If you believe it, let me see your hands now. My sin had been washed from his mey by the blood of the lamb of Calary. I know he has for me. We bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, as we come to Lord, this service, this special service that we have that we call our communion service, I pray God that you'd help us to take it, Lord, not as not as a a role or just something we do, a form, Lord. May it be a reality in our lives, Lord, that you have chosen us and chose to die for us. So thankful for that, Lord. What greater friend could a man have than one who will die for his friend? I'm thankful for that today. I ask you to come into this service and just speak directly to to all of us, to me, Lord. Lord, as we address some of these things, continue from this morning's service and then go into communion service. May your presence never leave us. May we just always stay right with your word, right with what you want us to say. For you grant it, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Bless you tonight. If you'll turn to Mark chapter 4 and verse 21. Mark 4:21. I'll try to keep this about 30 minutes tonight and we'll go right into communion service. Mark 4 21. this there couldn't have been anything more fitting I don't think than me having to struggle through these services today after having been here five years because that's the kind of you know I guess that's what God has called us to but you know what there's victory on the other side and anytime you see a struggle see also a victory and so we want to make sure that we don't just focus on the struggle but we focus on the fact hey we made it through right and and there's a blessing in that even when you come to church I know some of you don't feel like being here tonight but you're here and you don't focus on the struggle of being here, but you focus on the victory fact that you made it. I appreciate that tonight. Mark 4:21, you said unto them, is a candle brought to be put under a bushel or under a bed and not to be set on a candlestick. For there is nothing hid which shall not be manifested. Neither was anything kept secret, but that it should come abroad. If any man have ears to hear, let him hear. Pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated. We talk about basket cases, why we fellowship, but we're not afraid. We're unafraid to fellowship. We're looking at how Paul established fellowship and how he treated different kinds of folks and how brother Brandham followed that pattern. We know there's different uh there's different people in our lives that we treat differently based on who they are. That's not wrong. We have families. We're going to protect our own families. We're going to uh make sure that we love them, take care of them, and and uh and help them any way that we can. There's nothing wrong with that. We're all the family of God, right? He has a right to have a family just like we have a right to have a family. I'm so thankful for that. And so, he he helps us and protects us. And so, but he there was a certain pattern to how Paul treated different kinds of people, people that he come across and and also how brother Brandham, the message of our age, followed that pattern. And so, brother Brandham tells us this about Paul, his manner of ministering, I want you to notice that his manner of ministering set the pattern that all future messengers were to aspire to. And I don't think that means Paul's hand gestures in the pulpit or something like that because we don't know what that was. We don't know if he was loud or if he was quiet. We don't know. I tend to think he may have been loud just because he uh well, we know he did put a person to sleep one time, but he preached all night, but I tend to think he was loud just by nature that he he was just such a passionate writer and you kind of could see that coming across. He might have been a loud preacher, but yet we that's not what the pattern that we're following. We're patterning patterning after the things that he did and how he approached ministry. So he said all future messengers were to aspire to and actually sets the pattern for every true minister of God. Oh he would not attain to such heights in the prophetic realm as did Paul. Again he said uh he said there were three things that Paul that Paul did. He said first of all Paul was absolutely true to the word. He never deviated from it no matter what the cost. Well I hope that can be said about me. I want that to be said about me when I when I my work is done here on the earth that I was absolutely never deviated from the word no matter what the cost. Secondly, his ministry was in the power of the spirit thereby demonstrating the spoken and written word. So it wasn't just letter only but it was in the power of the spirit. And thirdly, he had the evident fruit of his god-given ministry. So the people that he preached to was the fruit of his ministry. So Paul did things a certain way. And you think about the the church, there was no gentile church when Paul started. By the time Paul gets his head chopped off, to put it bluntly, that they had spread all over the world. And how did that happen? Well, that manner of ministering caused that to happen. He had fruit of how he ministered, how he treated people, how he did the things that he did. So he says this to the Corinthians, "If I be not an apostle unto others, yet doubtless I am to you. And for the seal of mine apostilhip are you in the Lord." So other words, you're the results of my ministry. I think every one of us could say we're the results of uh Brother Brandham's ministry in our day. I I think we could all agree to that. That's why I'm here preaching to you. We would have never known each other if it hadn't been for the message of the hour. But everything we do has a it has an effect and and it has an effect and we have to think in the long term five years down the road, 10 years down the road, 15 years down the road that the Lord carries and see what our effect of our manner of ministering is. look at the fruit of it and see whether it's good or whether it's bad. So the Corinthians were a mess as we said this morning, but Paul didn't cast them aside. He worked with them. He worked with them. Aren't you glad God works with you? Though we're a mess sometimes, but God works with us. And so you find brother Brandham, he illustrates this with actually with Jesus when he went to Simon's house. You remember Jesus went to Simon's house knowing that they invited him to come for the wrong reason. Right? He knew that they invited him to come for the wrong reasons. They were they were bringing him in to make sport of him, to make fun of him. But Jesus wasn't going to be made fun of. He was going to meet somebody, right? He was Hallelujah. He was going I'm so glad he come down in my situation and met me. He was going to meet somebody. And and Simon and Jesus, brother Random illustrates that. They were not birds of a feather. They they had nothing in common. So he said it was odd for him to invite him. There must be an ulterior motive. Yeah. And but he was there for an ill-famed woman. He wasn't there for Simon. In fact, the worst sinner in the city, brother preaches on that. The worst sinner in the city wasn't the woman. It was the Pharisee. But he was there for the woman whose sins would be forgiven. He said, "And this story will be told as a testimony." Yeah. So, I want us to think about the future and think about what happens because we come to, you know, we've been here five years and if we're here 10 years or 15 years or 20 years and and and Lord knows I can't see beyond that. And and I'd love to be here the rest of my life, but I realize everybody gets old and and there comes a time to retire and if the Lord carries again, the rapture happens, I hope we all go. You know, I it's kind of a joke, but I somebody asked me when I would use a certain preacher, and I said, "Well, the Sunday after the rapture. There maybe be some people still need preaching, but that's kind of harsh." But but you but I plan on going. How about you? But but you think about the future and you think if brother Brandham approached ministry the way that many times we do and if he approached people many times the way we do today in the message I wonder if there wouldn't be a message today because he could have blown the whole thing up based on some of the nonsense that was going on but he didn't do it because he was looking at who these people might impact what would happen down the road and so we have to have some foresight in that sometimes we just want to come down so hard on something and and we're not looking at the long-term picture, looking at how we might be able to help that person or their family or somebody else in their family. So, we we want to take that take that big picture when we look at people and how we deal with people. So, what was Paul's approach? And there's two more groups of people we wanted to get to. First of all, apostates. So, that's those who have deliberately turned away from truth and and the second was sinners. An apostate is someone who they know the truth. They're they're they're not ignorant of it. They know it and claim to believe it. It's important. But then one day they turn against it. They walk away from it. And not they not only walk away from it, but most of the time they fight against it. So what they did fight for, they fight against. So that would be an an apostate scripturally. That would be someone who turns away from the truth. In 1 Timothy 6:3, Paul talking about uh actually how a man should work for a living and how she we should obey a boss. You think, well, that doctrine is not important. Paul said, 'If any man teach otherwise and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ to the doctrine which is according to godliness. He said he's proud knowing nothing but doubting about questions and stripes of words. So, you begin to get a picture of this kind of person that uh you know that you maybe wouldn't be able to fellowship with, right? And and again, there's an exception to every rule, but but you try all you can to help the person, but here's somebody who knows everything, right? And and they're doting about questions and strikes and words where have come envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings, perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness, so they're just in it for the money. He said, "From such withdraw thyself." So you've tried to help them and they just won't be helped. So you withdraw yourself. Jesus puts it this way. He said, "Don't cast your pearls before swine. Don't waste your time on them." They just want to argue. And we ain't got time to argue. We were not put here to argue about doctrine. We weren't put here to argue about these things. We believe What do you believe about these things? Well, I believe what a prophet said. I believe what the Bible says. And and of course, I've got my own opinions and things, but if you're going to argue with me about what a prophet said or what the Bible says, I don't have time for that, right? If I present the scripture to you or someone else presents it to me and we can't come to that, then that's a problem, right? And so, uh, people just want to argue. We don't have time for argument. We want to we just want to reach those that can be reached. We we want to put up that billboard that says hungry. And those that are hungry will come to it. So, we don't sit out here and fight at these websites that have come and and try to disprove them and all this stuff. Some of this stuff could be easily disproved, but we don't fight it. Why don't we? Because our time should be spent in reaching those who want to be reached, who are hungry for something, not in people who who know they they know. And God may reach down and grab a hold of them and bring them back. But it's going to have to be like Saul, right? And Paul of Tarsus who became Paul. They couldn't the Christians couldn't go down there. They he locked him up. They could have come down there and tried to argue with him, convince him, but it took a supernatural work of the Holy Spirit for him to become what God called him to be. So we don't waste our time. The Brand said, "God doesn't argue, neither does his children." Somebody said, "Amen." Amen. 2 Timothy 3:1, "This know also in the last days perilous time shall come. For men should be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce. They just can't control their passions. Fierce, despiser of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof. From such, turn away. Right? So, he's telling you there is a certain type of person that you can't help no more. You got to turn away. God's got to get a hold of them because they've they've turned away from the faith. They know the faith. They've turned away from it. Church, we don't want to ever get in that position. If we get to the place, I know there people don't like me mentioning the message in the pulpit and things like that, but if we get to the place where we're ashamed of the message, we got a problem. We get to the place where we're ashamed of the teaching of the scripture, we've got a problem, right? We got to be able to preach those things. And and if you if you turn away from those things and begin to act like the world and things like that, you can't help that kind of a person until God gets a hold of them. So, people who claim the faith or did claim the faith but are deliberately turning away from it, especially by not living it. He said in 2 Timothy 3:6 of this sort they which creep into houses. So this is a person who is actively trying to convince other people that he's right, right? And lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with diverse lust, ever learning, never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. That's the ones he said stay away from them, right? You you don't want to you just let them go. Let them do what they're called to do, but you do what you're called to do. So they're actively deceiving the people. Another uh person that at times that you'd have to separate from is is somebody who was again in the church but not living right. Openly not living right. Yeah. Right. Like like somebody that and this not happening but if somebody come and sit among us and they want to take communion and they wanted to do everything that we did and and you see them end up in the bar drinking and carrying on at night and just egregiously and they're it's in your face, right? That kind of a person. And yet they say, "I'm a believer. I believe what a prophet said. I I come to church and things like that." Well, he's going to have to learn, right? We don't do stuff like that, yet the grace of God could save that person, right? And we're going to show you that because this was a particular case of immorality in 1 Corinthians chapter 5 and verse 9. He told them, he said, "I wrote unto you an epistle not to company with fornicators." He said, "Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world or with the covetous or extortioners or with idolattors." So he actually puts fornicators with covetousness, too. We sometimes we just gloss over the rest of that. We just want to get rid of the people who mess up morally. But look at the rest of this. He said, "For then must you need to go out of the world." He said, "But now, so so he said, you're not you're not to escape from the world, but he said, I've written unto you not to keep company. If any man that is called a brother be a fornicator or covetous or an idoltor or a or a drunkard or an extortioner, which such a one know not to eat? In other words, don't don't don't empathize with their sin. Right? Let them know that's wrong. The best thing you could do for them is tell them the truth. That's wrong, brother. You you shouldn't live like that. So, there's a place for that. But now, he said, "For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? Do you not judge them that are within?" Other words, this person claims to be part of the church. We're not talking about people just show up now and then. Everybody with me tonight? Not talking about people that just come once in a while. We want to help those people and and they're not they they don't claim to be anything. They're trying to get help. We want them to get help. This is a hospital. Yeah. But if you if they want to be a part of the church and they know better and you know they know better and refuse to live right, then there has to be some some distance put there. Now, and you got to pray about that. Now he said them were that are without God judge it. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person. That man that Paul's talking about was put away from fellowship. But I love the grace of God. He was also restored. Yes. He was put away but he was also restored. See because Paul said in Galatians 6:1, "Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual restore such a one in the spirit of meekness." Yes. Other words, understanding that considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted, understanding that we're all human and you don't want to be partaker of his sin, but you try to restore that person. So, Brother Brandham says this, and you you kind of go to one extreme to the other, but brother Brandham says this about someone who's out of order with tongues, and we've seen that and and in the time that we live in, we we've seen it. And people get out of order with that. Brother Brandham taught us how to do it in the sanctuary, how how to do it with the with the room and things like that. But brother Brandham said, "See, we misjudge these things so many times." So, Brother Brandham didn't teach that you just go and and grab them out of the sanctuary and pull them away. Right? He said, "We misjudge these things." He said, "Let's always try to think the very best of anybody." This will change your life if you can do it. Let's always try to think the very best of anybody who's trying to do what's right. I say, "God, help me today." Always think the very best of anybody who's trying to do what's right. Let's express our very best to them. Oh, they're trying. We don't know their heart. He said, "Unless you have discernment, right?" He said, "And if you're if they're wrong," he said, "Then if a brother be overtaken in a fault, let them which are spiritual go to that, brother, in a spirit of meekness, considering your own self, lest you be tempted. See if you can't reconcile that person. See, back to God." Don't say that they haven't got the right spirit. Huh? Now, now listen to what he's teaching us something. A person could do it, use a gift wrong, and it still be God and just like a preacher, a preacher could stand up here and and be just as wrong as could be in his moral life and still preach the word, right? And the truth is the you don't you don't throw away the word because of the vessel that come through. You amen the word, but you got to eventually that'll cause them to go into error if they're living like that. they'll end up in error because they they can't hold the word in that unholy vessel. But but while it's while it's right, it's right. So look, he said, see if you don't reconcile that person back to God. He said, I'm going to say something that's going to really stab you for a minute, so just sit still. The Holy Spirit can speak through a hypocrite. He said, exactly. I've seen it done. I can prove you by the scriptures that it's right. So Brother Brandham taught us to wait and then if the person does it again, then you go and talk to them, right? and do it in meekness and humility and make sure that they're not doing it just constantly in the church because that would interrupt the church. And and Paul when it come to this man that was in fornication, Paul practiced what he preached. Listen in 2 Corinthians chapter 2, uh Paul he he he he had this man put out of the church and then he says this, "Suff sufficient to such a man is this punishment which was inflicted of many." He said, "So that contrary-wise you ought rather to forgive him." Yeah. He said, "And comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with over much sorrow." I love that Paul is thinking about the person. And you might have to swallow your pride to help that person back, rehabilitate them, and help them back into the church, but you may have to swallow some pride, but it's worth doing to help somebody. See, he said, "Lest he be swallowed up with over much sorrow. Wherefore I beseech you that you would confirm your love toward him." Other words, he said you you had to separate from him for a time, but now confirm your love to him. Don't don't just let him go feeling like he's out of the circle or you won't talk to him, things like that. So, another thing we're taught to shun is false teaching. Uh in 2 Timothy chapter 2 and verse 15, he says, "Study to show thyself approved to God, a workman that needs not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth, but shun profane and vain babblings." That's a good way to put some sermons I've heard. I mean, that's that's a good description. Profane and vain babblings, for they will increase unto more ungodliness. If somebody comes and tells you they're the eighth messenger or something just off the wall like that, you don't have to listen to that. Right. Right. Shun that. And their word will eat, he said, asth a canker. That's gang green. Of whom is himenius and feltus who concerning the truth have aired saying the resurrection is passed already and overthrow the faith of some. The resurrection is such a central doctrine in the scripture, such a central doctrine of Paul's teaching. And here they say, "Well, that's just not true." And the resurrection's already passed. He said, "You need to shun those people because their words will eat like gang green." So, who should we turn away from? People who know the truth, refuse to live it, refuse to repent of sin in their life, those who promote openly false doctrine. And I'll say this, I can put up with little false doctrine. The person's not pushing it on me. I'm not going to have them preach. But I can be friends with somebody who's in something false because I want to help them. But I'll say this, if they start pushing me on it, I'm not You have to separate. You have to shun that because if you're not careful, you'll catch a spirit. Are you still with me? So the key is they've been confronted about it and and will not repent. He said, "Shun those people." We do not shun folks because we disagree with them on something. Right. Right. We don't just do that. We try everything we can to help them. And then if they won't be helped, right, that's when we have to walk away. Brother Brandham talks about the state of Pentecostalism. And I'm closing in just a few minutes. I don't have very much tonight. But he says, I appreciate you bearing with me today. I know it's been quiet and slow, but that's just what where I'm at today, but I pray that it'll help you in some way. He said, "We're back to another desert. We don't want a desert, do we?" He was talking about the everpresent water from the rock. He said, 'We back to another desert. Dried up organization. We organized and lost our water. What was it? They put the basket over the light. He said, "That's exactly what Pentecost did when it began to organize and began to break up fellowship and saying, "Well, now we won't associate if this guy believes that." He said, "Go ahead, stay with him." I love this. Stay with him till he comes to the word of truth, the knowledge of truth, whatever it is. Let it go anyhow. Just go on be his brothers. And again, as long as the person is not he's not a person who's dangerous. He's not a There's people who are a danger to the church. They can't be in the church because they'd hurt somebody, right? That that's part of it. There's people that are like that. But as long as we can work with people, he said, "As much as possible, much as lith in you, follow peace with all men." As long as you can work with them, don't pick fights with them. Come on. He said, "Stay with him till he comes to the word of truth, the knowledge of truth, whatever it is, let it go anyhow. Just be his brothers." See, Peter was not an apostate because he briefly went back to Judaism and the law. Yeah. Come on. He did. But Paul confronted him on it and he changed. That's right. He was not an apostate. Paul continued to work with him. And in in our times, brother Moore was not an apostate. Though he never saw the message and continued to teach some false doctrine until he died. But Brother Brandham remained his friend. Right? He never saw it. He didn't turn away from it. He just couldn't see it. Right? There's a difference in that. But yet, here's the way Paul put it, and I love the balance of this. He said, "If in 2 Thessalonians 3:14, if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, have no company with him that he may be ashamed." That's pretty harsh, isn't it? Yeah. But look at the next verse. Yet count him not as an enemy. So, you may have to separate. You may have to discourage it. You may have to walk away from it for a while. But even the apostate, even the person, don't count him as an enemy, admonish him as a brother. Pray for him. I'm glad that Ananas was willing to go down to Paul's house. Willing to do that. Somebody had to do it. I'm glad that somebody was willing to do it to follow the leadership of the Lord. The second is sinners. Paul says, "We don't judge those who are without." Did you catch that when we read it a little bit ago? We do not shun sinners. Brother Brandham says this. He said, "I don't blame the sinner from sinning." Now, if somebody's influencing you, you need to get away from that influence. Right? But we don't shun sinners just as a class because you could never leave this building. In fact, you could never be in this building. What were you before you met Christ? We're going to be reminded in a moment of what it was to be a sinner. And and that's what communion's all about. We were sinners, but through the cross, we had the blessings to the Gentiles. Yes. Oh my. Some because someone hasn't met that yet doesn't mean that we have to treat them bad. And I know there's people who think they can mistreat uh people who are uh sinners, people who are out in the world. They feel like they can rip them off in business deals and stuff. That's nonsense. We don't do that. In fact, we should be that much more careful with a sinner than even than we are among ourselves because we don't want to ever put a stumbling block in their way that might draw them away from Christ and say, "God, help me. Even in my attitude, you realize your attitude in the grocery store might affect somebody. The things you say on Facebook might affect somebody. The things we we we always want to get involved and fight things. Don't you realize that might affect somebody and turn them away from you and you might be the only conduit they have to be saved. Excuse me for yelling at you, but I don't think we think about things sometimes. Huh? Well, the Bible said I don't blame the sinner from sinning. If the sinner goes down, drinks beer and smokes cigars, goes to picture shows and things like that and acts like the world, I don't blame him. That's the only pleasure he's got now. It's the only pleasure he's ever going to have. That's sad, isn't it? So, that's right. I don't blame a pig for sticking his nose in the manure pile and eating manure. That's gross, actually. Certainly not. He said, "He's a pig. Let him alone, right? You can pull him out and put a little tutu on him and and a little hat and pull him out and and and and wash him real clean and like they do these pigs they bring to the fair and the first mud he sees, he's going to go right back to it. That's his heart. He's a pig." He said, 'Let him alone.' He said, 'But you people who call yourselves Christians and then do those things. He said, 'You the guy I'm after.' He said, 'You get a change of heart. You get a change of diet. Is that what happened when you become a Christian? Change of heart. A change of diet. That's right. You don't want the things of the world no more. Certainly not. We're to be salt and light. Why? Why hide that under a bushel? See, we love the sinner. Now, we don't become partakers of their sin. The Bible says, "Lay hands suddenly on no man." In other words, don't ordain people to ministry quickly because you don't want to be partaker of other men's sins. Supposed to know those that labor among among us. Keep thyself pure. So listen, we want you to come to church, but we aren't going to make you a deacon or put you on an instrument till you get saved. Right? Like at least, come on, church. We're not handing out jobs. When you go down to the Baptist church, you probably get a job right away. But we don't do that in the message. Why don't we do that? Because we've been taught a person has to be born again, it's not an overnight birth, it takes time, right? So, we don't just and I say those of us who play instruments and and do those things in the church and people who sing and all of that, we should hold our lives up always and and and police ourselves and examine ourselves, make sure that we're right and we got the right attitude and we got the right the right outlook towards things because it'll affect the service if we're not. We need to make sure that we're right with God. And it's okay to repent now and then say, "Well, I'm a Christian. You can still repent and still reach." I do it every day. I've told you before, every time I come out of that office, I'm asking God, "If there's anything I don't know about that I I haven't dealt with, Lord, take it out of me because I don't want to speak to your people and have that affected, have the word affected by my attitude or or or or my complexes or a root of bitterness or something that comes up. Lord, let me be pure. Let me be clean. Let me be holy." See Jude 2020 20 Jude verse 20 to 23 says but you beloved building up yourselves on your most holy faith praying in the Holy Ghost keep yourselves in the love of God looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life. He said of some have compassion making a difference. You believe compassion could make a difference. He said others save with fear. Now that don't mean that you use fear to save them. That's not what the scripture is saying. He's saying others save with fear. In other words, you are afraid, right? There's a certain amount of godly fear. You don't want to be a part of what they're doing. You don't want to become like that. That's what that means. He said, "Hating even the garments spotted by the flesh." You you pull them out of the fire. In other words, if they're in the fire, you don't want to get burnt, but you do everything you can to pull them out. And if they don't want help, you can't. You stand there, you'll get burned up, too. See, sometimes in trying to help people, we get put in bad situations. But again, we we're just here to be light. Don't don't become a basket case and hide your light, but be light. There's got to be someone out there to be saved or we wouldn't still be here. Jesus said, "Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." Brother Brandham said, "The thing that we want to do is to preach a gospel that appeals to a hungry world." The thing we want to do is preach a gospel that appeals to a hungry world. You said, "Now, how can you appeal to a hungry world?" wanting to see where they come from, who they are, and where they're going. Unless you preach a gospel that raises Christ up in a living atmosphere. I pray that would always be the gospel that's preached here at this pulpit. Whether I'm preaching or somebody else is, let's raise Christ up in a living atmosphere right here around us. Now, you say, "But brother Ben, I'm not a preacher." Well, then you just let your light shine. Brother said, "Live your sermon." Brandon says this. He said, ' You may never see a vision. You may never put your hands on a sick person and feel the charge of Almighty God make a skeleton of a man turn back to life again. You may never see him standing yonder three or four rainbows. You may never see his image. You may never hear his voice, but still you can be a signboard that will reflect Jesus Christ by a life that's been so pure and unadulterated from the world. Not cluttered up with dirty things around your life, but a pure thing. It will cause the hungry heart to hunger and thirst to be like you. I believe the gospel still needs to be preached. Don't you? The blessing on the gentile world is still through the cross. I pray, Lord, help me to get rid of the basket. Just get rid of it and all the tools that made it. All my thoughts that are against the word, every every complex, just let it go so I can be a light to those that are in the world. Would we bow our heads together? Would you say that with me tonight? You want to be a light to the world. City set on a hill. God bless you tonight. The musicians would come. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we're about to enter the communion service, we're so thankful, Lord, for your keeping power. Your Lord, your help. I needed your help today and you've helped me. I appreciate that. Lord, I pray that you'd move for these people. Lord, sometimes in our vulnerabilities and our weaknesses, that's where you are made strong. Lord, if there's one here that's sick, I I pray as they just take the communion in obedience to your word that that sickness would would go away. Pray for you'd grant it, Lord. We thank you for these people. I pray you'd help each one of us, Lord, to be salt and light to a world, Lord, that many places they rejected the gospel, but there's got to be somebody out there that still wants to come in, still hungry. I thank you for that, Lord. Lord, I pray you'd help them. Help us to reach them. Lord, we thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. The brothers would come and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through. Could we raise our hands and sing that to him one time before we go into the communion service? Won't you flow through me? [Music] Holy Spirit flow through me. Oh, thank you Jesus. through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Oh, thank you, Lord. And as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Amen. Amen. 1 Corinthians chapter 11. [Music] Paul says, "For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. When he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup. When he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament of my blood. This do you as often as you drink it remembrance of me. As often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you to show the Lord's death till he come. Let's bow our head one more time. Heavenly Father, I pray Lord over these elements, Lord, the bread and the wine, Lord, which are a symbol, Father, of what you've done for us, what you did for us there on the cross. Lord, your blood was spilled for me. Your body was broken for me, Lord. So thankful for that. pray you'd help us, Lord, not to just take it as a form, but Lord, to believe what you've done, oh God. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. I pray you'd restore health to those that take the communion. Lord, may sickness flee away from us, Lord. I pray that, Lord, if there be any sins, Lord, that we've committed, may you forgive us, Lord. Oh, God. We don't want to be wrong. We want to be right. We want to hold, Lord, our testimony with pure hands so the world can see we're your billboards. Pray you grant it, Lord. We thank you for all that you've done. I pray you bless these people now as they come in Jesus name. Amen. And the steward will direct you as you come. [Music] ify thy name flow through me. Oh spirit flow through me. Oh won't you flow through me? Holy Spirit flow through [Applause] [Music] me. Oh flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Oh, as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. [Music] Shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face. And we're gaining new power to run in this race. I love to be shut in with God. Oh, shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face. We're gaining new power to run in this race. I love to be shut in with God. [Music] There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel's veins and sinners plunge beneath that flood. lose all their guilty stains. Lose all their guilty stains. lose all their guilty states and sinners flood that blood lose all their guilty stains. The dying thief rejoice to see the fountain in his day. [Music] And there may I though vile as he wash all my sins away. Wash all my sins away. wash all my sins [Music] away. And there may I though vile as he wash all my sins away. Here dying lamb, thy preious blood shall never lose its power. Till all the ransom church of God are saved to sin. No more are saved to sin. No more are saved to sin no more. Till all the ransom church of God are saved to sin no more. Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for [Music] me. Oh, way back on Calary. Oh, the blood that gives me strength. From [Music] day to day, it will never lose its power. Oh, and it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Well, it serves my doubts and it calms all my fears. Oh, and it dries all my tears. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley for me. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Can you sing that with all your heart now? For it reaches. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh yeah. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, yes. It's the blood that gives me strength. Oh, from day to day, it will never never lose. It's found. You glad for the blood tonight? Amen. Let's go to John chapter 13. [Music] And we always try to have foot washing after communion. And believe it'll be a help to us tonight. I know some get older and it's hard for them to do that. I know I see some of you trying to do it and you almost can't get back up and I we appreciate the effort. There's no salvation in it, but it is such a blessing when you can do it. So, if you're not feeling well or something, I understand that. But, uh it just just something I'm glad he left us these things because it kind of grounds us. I know people don't see a value in communion anymore and footwashing, but I do. I really do. I think brother Random left those and Paul left those for us for a reason. We should follow that pattern. So we're going to do that. John chapter 13 he says Jesus knowing that the father verse three had given all things into his hands. They was come from God went to God. He rises from supper and laid aside his garments and took a towel and girded himself. After that he pth water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with the tower where he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. Peter said to him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? Jesus answered said to him, "What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter." Peter saith unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee not, thou has no part with me." Simon Peter said to him, "Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head." Jesus said to him, "He that is washed needeth not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wit. You're clean, but not all. For he knew who should betray him. Therefore said he, you're not all clean." So after he had washed your feet, and taken his garments, was sat down again, he said to them, "Know ye what I've done to you. You call me master and lord. You say well, for so I am. If I then, your lord and master have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example, you should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say to you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent, greater than he that sent him. He said, if you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. So, we can be happy about it tonight. God bless you. Let's pray one more time. Heavenly Father, Lord, I thank you for the privilege of of coming to this service, Lord, and coming to the end of our first five years here at the church. I I just thank you for such a wonderful people, Lord, and we've all grown together, and I appreciate that, Lord. I thank you for Lord their kindness to me and to my family. Lord I know that you put that in them to be that way and thank you for that. I pray you'd help us Lord. Bind us together in love. Oh God we don't we don't want to be live just live our own separate lives and do what we want to do. But we are love slaves to the gospel. Lord than whatever you have me to do whatever you want me to do as a pastor. whatever you want these other brothers to do, these other the people in the church, the officers to or the lay people, I I pray that you'd help us to find the will of God, Lord, and just walk in it. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. Lord, we don't ever know when it's the last time we may take communion or footwashing with one another, Lord. So, we just want to we just want to take it, Lord, as if it's our last time, knowing that just around the corner, just around the bend, we'll drink it with you and your kingdom. Lord, we thank you for that promise. Pray you'd bless us now. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you tonight. The the brothers come back here. The sisters go back into the foyer. Um, brother Harvey will direct you back. Don't all get up at once. He'll direct you back, the brothers back into here. I believe there's room for the sisters. So, God bless you. [Music] for it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh yes, the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose its power. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Yes, it does. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains, they were made there just for me. for all my sins, all my sickness and my pain. [Music] When I need healing, I just claim those preious blood [Music] stains. I have a [Music] source of strength when I am weak. [Music] that takes me through when life is pressing me. I have a source of power from above. I'm covered over by a shield of love. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains, they were made for just just for me. Oh, for all my sins, all my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. I do not know how others make it through. [Music] who never go to Calary as I do for there's a [Music] healing cleansing stream still flows with peace that only his redeemed can know. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains, they were made. They're just for me. Oh, for all my sins, all my sickness, and my pain. [Music] When I need healing, I just claim those preious blood stains. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains, they were made there just for me. Oh, for all my sin, all my sickness, and my pain. Oh, when I need healing, I just claim those preious blood stains. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and [Music] me. And oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] singing. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. And he gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Well, I just want to be ready. Well, I want to be ready to go. Well, I want to be ready. Oh, I Well, I want to be ready to go. Oh, I know that I'm Well, I'm going to be ready. Oh, I I'm going to be ready to go. Well, I Well, I'm going to be ready. [Music] [Music] I'm going to be ready to go. I'm going to be ready. [Music] I'm going to be ready to go. And I I just want to be [Music] ready. I just wanna be ready to go. And I I just wanna be ready. [Music] I just want to be ready to [Music] go. I'm going to be ready. I'm going to be ready to go. And I I'm going to be ready. [Music] I'm going to be ready to go. There is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal will be glorious, I do declare. And God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. You have heard of little Moses in the bull rush. You have heard of fearless David and his sling. You have heard the story told of dreaming Joseph and of Jonah and the well you often sing. There are many many others through the Bible. I should like to meet them all. I do declare by and by the Lord will surely let us meet them. at that meeting in the air. And there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear never heard by mortal ear it will be glorious I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air and there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet Sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal will be glorious, I do declare. And God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Many things will there be missing in that meeting. For the mourers's bench will have no place at all. And there will never be a sermon preached to sinners. For the sinner has refused to heed the [Music] call. There will be no mourning over wayward loved ones. There will be no lonely nights of pleading prayer. All our burdens and our anguish will be lifted at that meeting in the air. And there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such sing you will hear never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air and there is going to be And by I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such sing you will hear never heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare. And God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God in the fountain. I am cleansed by his blood. We are joiners with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm a part of the family, the family of God. And I'm so glad I'm a part of the family God. I've been washed in the fountain and cleansed by his blood. All [Music] joiners as we travel this song for I'm part of the family. The family of one more time. Well, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain and cleansed by his blood. Oh, joiners with Jesus as we've traveled this for I'm a part of the family, the family of God. Well, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told. Well, I have found his grace is all complete. with every need. Oh, while I sit and learn at Jesus feet, I am free. Yes, free indeed. Oh, it is joy and full of glory, full of glory. It's full of well it is joy unspeakable and full of glory that have has never yet been told. Well, I have found the pleasures I once crave. It is joy and peace within. Oh, what a wonderous blessing. I am saved from the awful g of sin. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. The half has never yet been told. Well, I have found that hope so bright and clear, living in the realms of grace. Oh, the Savior's presence is so near. I can see his smiling face. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full. The gloryful, the gloryful. Well, it is joy unspeakable and full. Oh, the half has never yet been told. Well, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy, unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the has never yet been told. There are some things that I may not know. There are some place I just don't go. But I am sure of this one thing that God is real. For I can feel him deep within. Oh, my God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and he made me whole. Oh, his love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my [Music] soul. Some folks may doubt. Some folks may [Music] scorn. Well, they can all go on and leave me alone. But as for me, oh, I'll take God's part. And God is real. For I can feel him deep in my heart. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and he made me whole. Oh, his love for me is like pure gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. I cannot tell just how it [Music] fell when Jesus took your sins away. But ever since that day, ever since that hour, my God has been real. For I can't feel his holy power. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. Oh yes, he is. My God is real. For he has washed and he made me whole. Oh, his love for me is like your gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. One more time. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. Do you believe it tonight? Oh my God is real. For he has Oh, he made me whole. His love for me is [Music] like hope and love. I got more than my share. And I'll be moving to my mansion just over in glory where I'm a ride full. Well, I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. And I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rideful air. Well, I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful heir. Well, I have a guardian angel watching me. He's with me everywhere. And when I need the father from heaven up above, I say just a simple prayer. But I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. And I'll be moving to my mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful hair. Well, my father owns a cattle on a thousand hills and I believe I own at least one. Well, I stand amazed when I see his face, knowing that I'm his son. Well, I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. And I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful air. And I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful hair. Well, it's Jesus on the main. Tell him what you want. Can we stand and sing it? Jesus on the main. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. But it's Jesus on the main line. Now you can call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. You can call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Well, you can call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line [Music] now. Just on the main line. Tell him what you want. Well, it's Jesus on the main line. Oh yes, it's Jesus on the main. Tell him what you want. Well, it's Jesus on the main. Sing it one more time. You can call him up. Call him up and tell him what you want. You can call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. You can call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Well, it's Jesus on the main. I like it like this. Well, and if you're sick and you want to get well, tell him what you want. Oh, if you're sick and you want to get well, tell him what you want. Well, if you're sick and you want to get well, tell him what you want. But is Jesus on the main line? How about this way? Well, if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Oh, if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Oh, if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Wish Jesus on like this here. Well, if you want your family saved, tell him what you want. Oh, if you want your family saved, tell him what you want. Oh, if you want your family saved, tell him what you want. Well, it's Jesus on the main line now. One more time. Oh, it's Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Oh, it's Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Well, it's Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight. About wore our piano player out myself as well. So, we're going to have to quit here pretty quick. But did y'all have a good day in the Lord? Amen. Did you enjoy the word? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. We're going to go ahead and let you be dismissed tonight. Amen. We appreciate you all coming to the house of the Lord. Amen. We're going to sing Look What the Lord has done again just so you can leave on a happy note. And Amen. I I tell you what, we it brother Bill, go ahead. feel better. Well, praise the Lord. Yes. Amen. We prayed for him right before service. He was sitting back there in the foyer just dizzy and and here he is in church and feeling better. We just say praise the Lord for that, can't we? Amen. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. Amen. You're free to go. God bless you. Well, look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. Well, I'm going to praise his name. Each day it's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done.
