################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Be Strong and Very Courageous Bro. Joel Pruitt 52525 - Joel Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   "Be Strong and Very Courageous" Bro. Joel Pruitt 5/25/25
Speaker: Joel Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlZOr7-itDI
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Okay. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, now Satan is like a roaring lion and he's roaming to and fro. He's seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells us so. How many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak hour? Oh, but God has promised us today. Amen. Are you thankful for that this morning? Singing, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. than he that is in the world. It was on the day of Pentecost. It was a rushing mighty wind. Oh, it blew into the upper room and it baptized all of them. Oh, now with the power much greater than any earthly f. Well, I'm so glad I've got it, too. I've got to let the whole world know. Now, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Give him a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. We got several out on vacation. So everybody sing good with us this morning. Amen. Let's make him welcome this morning. Welcome Holy Spirit. Well, welcome Holy Spirit. Let's make him welcome now. We are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your [Music] power and live inside of [Music] me. We're singing welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Now we are in your presence. Fill us with your [Music] power and live inside of [Music] you. We lift our hands to worship you. Oh, Holy Spirit, holy one, just come into this and live inside a room. We're singing welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. We are in your presence. Just fill us with your [Music] power and live inside of me. Oh now welcome Holy Spirit. Oh we are in your presence. Amen. He promised to be with us. Fill us with your power and live inside of me. Tell him now you're the living water. Oh, you're the living water. Oh, my never drying fountain. Oh my comfort counselor. Take complete control just singing welcome Holy Spirit. Amen. Now we are in your presence. Oh fill us with your power. Just live inside of me. Oh now welcome Holy Spirit. Yes we are in your presence. Oh fill us with your [Music] power and live inside of me. Amen. That our desire this morning. Amen. In the name of Jesus. will it's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Now we have the victory. You believe it just in the name. Sing it to him now. [Music] Tell me who can send me in that precious name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Are you glad you have the victory now? Oh, it's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus where we have the victory. Now it's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Now demons they happen to be for when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand in that precious name of Jesus. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Now victory today is mine. Now I told Satan to get me behind. Well, victory today. Even when I woke up, when I woke up this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me." And I got up singing and shout victory. Oh, now victory is mine. Victory is mine. The victory today is mine. Now I told Satan. Amen. I in the name of Jesus. Cuz it's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus where we have the victory. Now it's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus where demons they have to me come in the name of Jesus. Tell [Music] me in that precious name of Jesus. We have the give him a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. I sing. This world is not my home. Keep Jesus. Well, this world is not my hope. I'm just a passing free. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the grave. And the angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at all in this world anymore. Singing, "Oh, Lord, you know that I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do?" Well, the angels begging me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world. Well, they're all expecting me now. That's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus me. And I know you sing it. Though I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Sing it. Oh Lord, you know that I had my name if heaven's not my home or what will I do? The angels begging me from heaven's open door and I can feel at home in this world. Amen. Now just over in the glory land, we're going to live eternally. The saints on every hand they're shouting victory will the songs of sweetest praise come back from heaven and I amen that how you feel this morning. Amen. We're singing oh Lord we know that I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, what will I do? Now the angels beckon me from heaven's open door and I can feel at home in this world. Sing that chorus. Have our brothers come for the offering. Lord, you know that I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, Lord, what will I do? The angels back in me and I can't feel at home in this world. Amen. Amen. Is that the way you feel this morning? Give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Are you looking for the word of the Lord? Amen. Brother Ben and Sister Britney made it back in town, but Brother Joel was still speaking this morning. So, let's just get behind him. Amen. and just ask the Lord to speak to our hearts this morning. Amen. Just looking forward to that and just looking forward to the day and the holiday with your friends and family. Amen. May God bless each and every one of you. We got one request, want to remember, take a very special brother Danny's sister, Becky Brewer. Uh she' been battling cancer for quite a while. Uh going through a pretty rough time right now. Just looking forward to a miracle. Amen. and God touching her body. We know he's able. Amen. So, let's just ask God to just move on that behalf. Amen. Touch her body. Amen. And just uh move as only he can move today. Amen. I think that's all the requests we have. No, no announcements, just one service this morning. So, remember that you have a need on your heart by the uplifted hand. Amen. Let's take that to the Lord. We'll have Gabe do take the prayer this morning. Lord God, we want to start off by thanking you for allowing us to be here this morning, Lord, to be here in your name and worship you, Lord. We want to thank you for all the wonderful blessings and healings you've already given us and that we've seen done in this church, Lord. Lord, I ask that you be with Brother Danny's sister, Lord. And you move in the miraculous way that only you can, Lord. and Lord all of the unspoken prayer requests Lord and whatever may be afflicting Lord just move among the congregation and heal them Lord and work in our hearts and our spirits Lord continue to lead us in our lives God and just keep us in your will always Lord we thank you and we love you and we praise you for everything you've done for us Lord Amen you can be seated Amen let's worship him now just a minute let's sing this to him amen let's get Amen Amen. Amen. Let's start with that first verse now. I love you, Lord. Amen. Goodness of God. Amen. Let's sing it to him now this morning. I love you, Lord. Amen. [Music] Amen. Y'all help me sing it. I can't hardly sing this song without crying. [Music] Amen. Amen. That sounds good this morning. Let's hear you sing it now. Oh my. Worship him this morning. Now he's here. Amen. Let him know what you think about him. This is true right here. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am. Amen. I will sing. Amen. You love his voice this morning. Tell him now I love your voice. Oh my. Sounds good. It sounds good. Amen. [Music] Amen. Glory. Sounds good this morning. Amen. No matter what trials the test, we can still sing this this morning. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath. Amen. Sing that second verse to him again. H of the goodness of God. Amen. And I love your voice. I love your voice. Cuz you have led me through the fire in darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend when I peace in the goodness of God. Amen. Oh, all my life you have been thankful. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath I am. Amen. Amen. Let's try. Your goodness is running after me. Amen. Help me sing this part [Music] now. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after you. Believe it this morning. Cuz all my life cuz all my life you have been faithful. Amen. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath I am [Music] amen. I love you Lord. Let's sing that first verse. Let's just worship you a little bit this morning. We got time. I love you, Lord. Oh, for your mercies never fail me all my days. Amen. You believe that this morning? All of your days. Amen. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God telling them all my life you have been faithful. And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am made, now I can sing of the goodness of God. Give him a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. Is that how you feel about him today? Amen. We have Sister Allison. She'd sing this morning for us. Amen. Let's just worship now as she sings. Amen. Worship with the special singers. Amen. And just help them out. Amen. [Music] Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. Speak declaring there is hope and there is freom. I speak Jesus for your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold and shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by depression. Oh, I speak Jesus. [Music] For your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold and shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. [Music] Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of [Music] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold and shine through the shadows. Burn like a [Music] [Applause] fire. Amen. You love that song this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's sing to him this morning. Amen. He looked beyond my faults. Amen. Saw my need. Amen. Oh, amazing grace. Oh my. Let's hear you sing it now. Amen. Worshiping this morning. Amen. Think about it. For it was grace. Oh, and it bought my liberty. [Music] I do not know just why he came to love me so. Oh, he looked [Music] beyond all my faults. He saw my need. I shall [Music] forever lift my eyes to [Music] Calary just to view that old cross where my Jesus died just for for you and me. How [Music] marvelous. Oh, the grace that called my falling soul. He looked me and he saw. Let's try that second verse there. It was God's grace. Let's try that. It was God's grace that brought me out of darkness into the light where I can clear. Amen. You thankful for that. Amen. I'll shout it from the mountains and the valley. Oh, he looked all my Amen. Let's stand together while brother Ben comes. Amen. Sing it now. Let it ring out from your [Music] heart. Lift my eyes to Calary. Oh, could we do that this morning? where the cross oh so which Jesus died for me. How [Music] marvelous. Oh thank you Lord the grace that calm my falling soul. Oh, he looked beyond all my faults and he saw my need. Aren't you glad that he did? Amen. He looked beyond your faults and saw your needs. I had planned on being gone this morning and and uh some things came up and we end up going to some meetings yesterday and then so we're going to we're still leaving today, but I just thought I'd be here with you guys and can't think of a better place to be in church and it's good to see each and every one of you. Jaden, good to see you in Bella this morning. It's always good to see you in the house of the Lord. We love to see these young families and each one of you here. God bless you. We love you so much and we're just believing that the Lord is is going to move this morning and speak to us through Brother Joel. I don't often give him a backto-back chance like this, but we're just believing the Lord will will speak to us. I I believe by the preaching of the word, things can be changed. You say, "Well, I don't need to be changed." So, I think all of us need a touch from the Lord this morning. We we do. Brother Brandon said we'll either go out better or worse than when we came in. That's a challenge to us. Let's go out better. Let's be better Christians, better fathers, better families, better better people, and and ready, more ready for the rapture. Amen. Do you love him this morning? Amen. Can we sing that? If not for grace. Not for grace. Brother Robert, if you could pull that up, where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. I was a hopeless case. Was that you? An empty place. If not for grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. I was a hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, where would I be? Aren't you glad? Oh, you only know. invite brother Joel to come this morning. I'm glad you see. Oh, through eyes of love. Oh, I was a hopeless case and empty place if not for grace. It was amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound. I'm so glad I once was lost. But [Music] now that place if not for grace. Oh, where would I be? You only know. You only know. I'm glad you [Music] see through eyes of love. Oh yes, I was an empty place if not for grace. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? I wonder as they're playing that if you would just bow your heads and if you have a need on your heart this morning if you would just make it known to the Lord by an uplifting hand. Heavenly Father, as we come once again, Lord, we Lord, this this stormy day, Lord, I pray that you would send your rain on the inside of this building here this morning. And Lord, I ask that you would just pour out your spirit upon every person sitting in this building. And I ask Lord for a special anointing to come by our way this morning. I pray Lord for every evil spirit or evil thought, anything that would hold us back from a move of God, I pray we'd just leave the building now. And Lord, I ask that Lord, you wouldn't let me say anything that would be unlike you. Bind my lips and let me say only what you would want me to say this morning. I pray for the people sitting here, Lord. I ask, Lord, you would just, Lord, open their hearts, Lord, to receive what you would have for them and move upon each one of us. Now we ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. How many's happy to be in church this morning? Amen. On a rainy Memorial Day weekend. Amen. It's good to see each and every one of you. Have your Bibles. Joshua chapter 1 and verse 4. Joshua 1 and verse 4. Amen. Joshua 1 and verse4 says, "From the wilderness and this Lebanon, even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea towards the going down of the sun shall be your coast, and there shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee. I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. Be strong and of a good courage, for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land which I swear under their fathers to give them. Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee. Turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper whethersoever thou goest. And you may be seated. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of the word this morning. And if I could take a thought this morning, it would be from verse 7. Be strong and very courageous. And I think that's a call to the church in this age in a time when we are we're so uh you know, it's easy to lose focus of what we're trying to fight for. Uh and then we can turn our swords on one another and to fight one another. But in this time, we need to know what we're fighting for is not our brother. what we're fighting is not is not one another, but it is fighting uh it is fighting wickedness in high places and and spirits of deception and things that would come on us. And and so we want to be sure uh that that that we're not fighting the wrong thing. And so in our fight, we must be very strong and very courageous. Can you say amen? Amen. So we don't want to be cowards. God didn't call a coward for this message. He didn't call a group of people that would just, you know, just kind of gallivant through and and kind of take it or leave it. But no, he wants people who will be strong and courageous, amen, with into in the land that God has given us. And so he could trust Joshua, amen, with this message, with his message, because he knew that he would be a great warrior, amen, and stand for the truth that Moses had taught him. And so he would always refer back to what Moses had said. He would always refer back, amen, to what Moses and did. And so in Ephesians 6 and verse 10, it says it like this. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to with to stand against the ws of the devil. And down in verse 14, he would say it like this. Stand therefore a and having your loins gird about with truth and having on the breastplate of righteousness and your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace above all taking the shield of faith wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked and take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit and and and which is the word of God. And so brother Brandon would say it like this and and and he said look I'll give it to you the land's over there but before you get there you've got to fight. Can you say amen? Amen. That's what's the matter with the people today. They're afraid to stand and fight. What we need is I must fight if I should reign. Increase my courage. Amen. We need a courageous group of people here today. Because the land that you're going to take and possess is not going to be taken without a fight. Can the church say amen? And so what we need to do is realize, amen, that we are not on a picnic, but we are on a battlefield. Amen. And the greatest battle you'll ever fight is a battle in the mind. It is a battle, amen, that the Satan is always there and trying to get you to think wrong and and give up and and just sit down and wait a while because you know maybe maybe this land is not really the right land that God has given you. Maybe the land is maybe it's not attainable in this land. Amen. But when Moses said go over, Amen. And I like what God did. He actually takes Moses up on a mountain and gives him a preview of the land. And I love it in our day, if you want to type it right there, that a prophet could go over and actually look and see what was on the other side beyond the curtain of time. Amen. And could tell you, amen, be strong and very courageous because what's over there, Amen, is love and peace and perfection. And so what I would say this morning is a prophet has already went over and looked on your behalf so that you don't have to just take a word for it, but you could take a vindicated prophet's word that what he saw is real. and that's where we're going. But to get there, you've got to fight for every inch of crown that you're going to take. Can the church say amen? Amen. So, it's not just a it's not just a picnic. It's not an easy going. It's not easy to get there. Amen. But what we've got to do is fight for everything, then we've got Listen, listen. If you think the devil's going to lay down and just let you walk all over him, you got another thing coming because the devil's going to fight you. Every time you would try to do good, evil will be present. Every time you will try to take a step forward, the devil's going to be there to stop you. Every time you try to praise, the devil's going to try to hinder your praise. Every time you try to go to church, the devil don't want you going to church. Welcome the church. Say, "Amen." Amen. But what you've got to do is press through that and take a hold of the land that God has given you. Take a hold of the possessions that you have inherited as a believer. You say, "Well, when I become a son of God, you always were sons of God." Amen. You were always, listen, in the back part of God's mind, you always were a son of God, Brother Bill. Amen. You always were. It don't matter how low down you were, how backslid you were, how cold on God you were, you always were a son of God or a daughter of God. I'm here to tell you this morning, don't let the devil point out your mistakes. You're full of mistakes. But you are one of God's. And he will not leave you the way he found you. But he will change you and call you up a little higher into perfection. Listen church. If it wasn't for the blood of God, there wouldn't be one of you able to sit here this morning. Amen. But you've been given the ability to fight for your inheritance. You've been given the ability. Listen, this is not that you you were not called into this army, amen, to lose the battle. You were called because God saw that that you would be a soldier and you would be you would be brave and you would be courageous and and you would be true to the word of God. Listen, Caleb and Joshua were not called because they were cowards, but they were called because they were men, amen, that would really really fight for their inheritance. And and they would look over there and and they would look like grasshoppers compared to them people. Remember Moses sent over a bunch of men, amen, and they were all kinds of opinions they came back with. But when Joshua and Caleb went over, they said, "We are more than able to take the land." Because what? Listen church, it didn't look easy, but they knew they could fight for it because they had a promise of the land that was theirs. I want to tell you this afternoon, you may have all kinds of opinions. You may have all kinds of of ideas of what's over there in front of you. You may say, "I don't know how to face tomorrow." But I want to tell you, with him on your side, there is a God that goes before you in battle, and you have already won the victory. Can the church say, "Amen. You are not somebody that's going to lose, but you were called for a season that you're in. You were called to be an overcomer. Can you say amen? Amen. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He He's talking about brother Buddy Robinson getting the Holy Ghost. He said he said, "Lord, if you don't give me the Holy Ghost, when you come back to earth, you're going to find a pile of bones laying here." And he said, "If we ever get that sincere, something's going to happen." And he said, "Lord, give me plenty of knowledge in the gable into my soul and let me fight the devil as long as I got a tooth in my mouth and then come him till I die." He said, "And that's what he did. God help me and help you to have courage and stand out there." And God said, "It's so others are getting it. Let us go get it. It's ours." God promised it to us. What do you say? But look here. What will my church say? What will my pastor say? What will this say? What will my mama say? What will this group in the message say? We're not looking to what others are saying. He said, "Give me this land and and it is your land if you'll take it by, listen, by fighting for it." They couldn't go over there and say, "Well, we're we're we're going to make a treaty with you and you can stay here and we'll stay here and we're going to live peaceful." No, that's not the way God operates. Amen. If it's your land, you take it and every devil's got to leave the land. Can you say amen? Amen. The devils are not welcome on your property when it's your land. When it's your land, it is yours and nobody else's. When God called you to be a son, he didn't say you're a son, but you, you know, you can't take this part of the promise, and you can't take this inheritance, and this is not yours. Listen, if you are a son, then you have a right to possess everything that the father owned. And you know, I was thinking about this, and I'm not a lawyer, so so I I don't know all the details of this, but I remember a situation, amen, where there was this this man that passed away, and he had just stepchildren. He had no real children, but they were stepchildren. and even stepchildren had a right to what he owned. And some of them didn't even know the man hardly. Amen. Because they were from a his first wife. And and so, but you know what they did? Half of the children that they were closer to him ended up getting it. And he left a he left a a will and for the kids to these these kids were going to get everything. But the other kids had a right to it. And so they went to probate and actually won and got half of everything. But I want to tell you something. We're not going to fight in the courts of the land. Amen. But you were given all of these promises. You were given everything before the foundation of the world. And I remember an attorney making a statement. He said, "You had to have an irrevocable trust in order to not lose that half." And I got to thinking, "Amen. God doesn't just will something to you and will something to you." Amen. But it was already yours before the foundation of the world. Amen. Your name was already on. And it wasn't something you had to inherit later on down the line, but it always was yours. If you ever get the Holy Ghost, you always had the Holy Ghost potentially inside of you. Come on, church. We we've we've made it too hard to attain because we think it's coming or it's something we got to go get. But what it is, it's something that's already here for you if you'll just get a hold of it and take it as yours. I I think what we've done, we've we've put the Holy Ghost out here so far, our young people don't know how to get it. Amen. We've put a we put worship out here where we think we have to worship a certain way in order to really worship God. Amen. But I would say go ahead and just worship in the way that God has called you to worship. I would say it like this. If God has given you the Holy Ghost, it don't matter how you acted when you got it, but say, "Yes, I've got the Holy Ghost." And when you get hold on God, don't start doubting your experience, but come back to the well of grace. Amen. For another dip of the Holy Ghost. I would say this morning, there may be many sitting here that's got the Holy Ghost, but what you need is a refilling of the Holy Ghost this morning. And real believers are going to fight because they're not going to be satisfied in a cold or a dead condition. Amen. But they're going to fight, amen, for a renewing of their minds and a renewing of their soul. I would say this morning, what we need is fighters to say, "I'm not going to fight one another. I'm not going to fight my brother. I'm not going to fight against the people in the church. No, I love them. But I'm going to fight the devil that is trying to bring discord. I'm going to fight the devil that's trying to kill my joy. I'm going to fight the devil that's trying to steal my praise. I'm going to fight the devil with everything that I've got. Can the church say amen? But we got to have some fighters. You can't be a coward in the service of the Lord, but you've got to be a bold and and a courageous soldier. Can you say amen? Brother Brandon would say it like this. You're you baby and around with a whole lot of things you ought to be destroying. Let the church say amen. Amen. You you you you just start s you say, "Well, this thing's hurting my experience with God." then destroy that thing and don't let anything hinder you in your walk with God. You say, "Well, it's important to me. It ain't important enough to keep you out of the kingdom of God if you're really a a child of God." Amen. You say, "Well, this here, it's just a little, you know, the Bible calls it little foxes that spoil the vines." Amen. things that come upon you and you don't really recognize it's an evil. But what it does, it takes you it takes you so far and you say, "Well, I can still be a Christian and live here and and you can live over here on the edge of the land and and you say, "I can still see the land and and I can still be blessed on this side." Listen, but God doesn't want you in that position. God wants you to go over and take the land because you were not meant to be on the other side. You were meant to go over and possess all the promises of God. Can you say amen? Amen. It wasn't good enough to for you to stay in the Wesleyan age. It wasn't good enough for you to accept Baptist theology. Amen. But God wanted somebody who would actually get on fire with the message of the hour and go forward and say, "I'm not backing up. I'm not turning around. I'm not giving up, but I will attain the promise of God." Can you say amen? Because God wants soldiers that will not stop. They will not quit. They will not retreat. Amen. There is no retreat in the army of God. Amen. But we are going forward and we are going to take our land. Can the church say amen? Brother Brandon was talking here and he was referring back to Paul and Paul was speaking and talking about preparing a soldier for battle and he said the gospel has many leans. You can liken it to one thing or another and Paul speaks as it of it as a runner in Hebrews the 12th chapter. Seeing that we are compassed about with such a great cloud of witnesses. Let us lay aside every weight. Somebody say every weight. and and let us lay aside every sin that easily besets us. He's speaking there of the Olympics, he said, or perhaps the Roman circus. And so now he's speaking of armored men going into battle and how he's got to prepare himself. Amen. So if there is a sin or if there is a weight, then you need to lay that thing aside so that you can actually reach the goal that you are going after. Can the church say amen? Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said, "Notice all great people." I better start my timer. Notice all great people, great men, and every individual has a time. Amen. Where there is a decision time. Can the church say amen? Amen. There is a time of decision where you've either got to give up or you've got to start fighting again. There's a decision time for every believer in this church. You are going to get to a point where is it okay to be cold on God or do I need to start fighting for what is mine? Amen. Do I need to fight, Amen, for everything that God has given me? Listen. Listen. It's easy to give up. Amen. But then you'll never reach your goal. It's easy to stop short of the goal. Amen. Because you It's just easier. Everything's easier when you don't fight. Everything's easier when you don't pursue. But what we need to do is remember that what's at the end of the road is worth every fight. It is worth every trial. It is worth every heartache. It is worth every battle. Listen, church, every fear that has come upon you to stop you. Cast that thing aside and go ahead and reach for the goal and run with patience. the race that is set before you. Brother Brandon would go on he said there he said there's a time of decision. You've got to say yes or no. He said that may be many in here tonight you got to say I will take Christ for my healer or I won't. See he said think of it now. The time of the promise drew nigh and God called Moses by a pillar of fire in the burning bush. I want you to think about it for a moment. The same God that was able to go with Joshua and Caleb over was the same God that had met Moses in the burning bush. And the same God that met Moses in the burning bush was the same God that anointed him for a purpose in Egypt and to could call could call all the plagues and things down. And he actually gave him two signs. Can you remember that? He gave him two signs. There was a sign in the hand and and and and he would go on and and listen, you you you'll see the way God always works. And and you'll see why that Joshua and Caleb could be so bold in their journey by seeing that it wasn't them doing it on their set on their own, but it was actually God had showed them a way forward. Amen. By a pillar of fire. Are you still with me? And so he would actually anoint Moses and Moses would go into Egypt and deliver them. And then there would be the first test would be at the Red Sea. Amen. where Pharaoh's army was closing in and and they started to get scared and then Moses stealed the people and and and he and he called for God to separate the waters and they went over on dry ground. Listen, if you'd seen that, wouldn't that be enough for you to believe that we can also take the land? But it wasn't enough because they would they would go through that and they would forget what God had done for them. And they get over on the other side. And I love how after their first victory, amen, they shouted and they danced and Miriam beat the tambourine. And right after a great victory is a good time to go ahead and praise God for what he's done for you. But what they did, they forgot what God had done. And they started to murmur and they started to complain and they and they actually would start dying off in the wilderness and they would start following after other prophets and other voices. And yet the whole time there was a pillar of fire ahead of them. Amen. There was water from a rock and there was mana from heaven. But what they did, they they they began to look back and say, "We ought to go back to Egypt or maybe we ought to give up." Come on, church. Amen. But there was two among them named Joshua and Caleb that the whole time they might have been getting older. They might have been getting weaker, but their faith in God was growing stronger by the day. And so they were in the desert for 40 years. And and they just wander in circles and around and around and and you wonder why are they staying out there? But God provided every step of the way. And then when they get down there, Moses had interceded for the people. And Moses had actually not was told he was not able to go to the promised land, but God would lift him up on a mountain and let him look over and see the land of promise that the people were going to to inhabit. And so then you would see there, amen, that that the people would go over. Moses would send men over and the men would go over there and they would come back with different reports and well there's giants in the land and we look like grasshoppers next to the giants and and they just wasn't able to do it. Amen. But two of the men that went over. I want you to notice that Joshua himself, he didn't send a man over, but he actually went himself. And so when Joshua goes over, he doesn't say, "Well, I'm going to just go send somebody." But he goes over and he sees the land. And in the land there, yes, he sees the w cities. Yes, he sees the giants. Yes, he sees the circumstances. But what he also knows is as I was with Moses, so will I be with you. And I want to tell the message people sitting here this morning, as he was with William Brandham, so is he with you this morning. We are not looking for another prophet to raise up. We are not looking for another thing to happen. Amen. But we've already seen the vindication. We've already seen what God can do. And God is still the same God, amen, that parted the Red Sea. He's still the same God that would bound the bound the lions in the lion's den for Daniel. He's still the same God that would walk in the fire with the three Hebrew children. He's the same God that would stand on the platform and the prophet would say, "Amen. I It's not me, but it's him standing here." And my ministry is not to declare me, but it's that he is here. And if he is here, all things are possible to the believer. Can the church say amen? Amen. We don't need to be afraid because the same God that was is not an I will be, but it is a God that is a present tense God and he is still among us. Can the church say amen? You know what you've done? You've gotten scared of who you are and you don't see the promise anymore because you've been in the desert too long, but it's time you recognize that the water that's coming from the rock is Christ himself. He said, "I will be a rock in a weary land." Amen. He was more than just a It was more than just Moses creating water and a river to run through. But it was actually where there was no water, there was water coming. Come on, church. Where there was no blessings, the blessings came. Where there was no joy, the joy can be restored. Where there was no peace, peace has come back in the home. Where there was nothing, God made something out of that thing. Can you say amen? What you've done is you've let the devil you've let the devil hinder your faith long enough, but go ahead and look back. We are not following just another prophet, but a vindicated prophet. We are not following just another man. But it was a man that came with a sign just like Moses. And as I was with Moses, so will I be with you. And as I Oh, come on, church. If you're that Joshua generation, listen, he didn't go over without authority, but he had the authority from the vindicated prophet. And so will you have in this day authority from a vindicated prophet. Can you say amen? So, while we go on down here, brother Brandham said, he said, "Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which has been prepared, which he's given to them. Beware of him. Provoke him not, for he will not pardon your transgression, for my name is in him. But if thou will indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak." I want you to notice how important it is to actually listen and do what a prophet said. and do all that I speak, then I will be an adversary to thy adversaries. Can you say amen? He said, I'm going to send him now and I've give you already. Here it is. He said, I've given you Palestine. It's yours. It's all fenced in with all the Hivites, Jebusites, Perizzites, Amorites. It's all fenced in. But I give it to you. It's yours. He said, now let's break that down for just a moment. He said the land belonged to him. Now, God didn't say, "I'm going to go in there, empty up the land, and then put you in it." He said, "I've given it to you. Now, you go fight it out with them." Come on, church. I've give you the Holy Ghost, but you're not going to get it by just sitting there and not ever pursuing the Holy Ghost. You've actually got to go after the Holy Ghost. It was given to you, but you have got to take a hold of it and accept the Holy Ghost, and it's been given to you. Can the church say, "Amen." Amen. You know what we've done? We've we've made it too hard. But we we need to realize that God has given it to us and he went before you in battle now. You're going to fight, but remember who's with you in fighting. Amen. You're not fighting by yourself. You're not going into you're not going into a battle and just wondering who's going to win. I was reading the other day, and I don't read a lot, but I was reading a a book about uh about the Gettysburg, you know, battle, the battle of Gettysburg there. And I was reading that and and you know they went in and you you you think one general's going to out you know outduel the other one and and it was a children's book with pictures. But I read the pictures and so and so I you ain't going to find me with a book that thick unless it's the Bible. But but they I just don't have time for that. But they I I was reading this book, one of my kids book. Anyway, I was reading that book and I got to thinking, you know, they go in and they sacrifice their life for what they believed in. Both sides, men were just dying and and they finally they confront, you know, head-to-head. And I hope this book was correct, but they they finally come into to a head-to-head combat where I mean, they're they're it's manto man and they're kill they're dying and yet they didn't give up until they look back and realize that that that that there was one that had to retreat. But you remember that they were dying for the was because they were led in to a battle by men who really didn't even know what they were doing. They really didn't know who was going to win. You know, it was all the way up until the battle. They're still wondering who could win this battle. Amen. But but but think about it. When you're going into battle, you already know the outcome of the battle. And you can't lose. They could look and they could see a general over here and a general over there. And and every one of them had to change their their their strategies and things to try to win this war. Come on, church. And I know it's Memorial Day and and you know, we we we set aside a day and what we do is we have fun or eat, but but you know, we're we're thinking sometimes you got to think back to what men had to to to sacrifice and and to fight for just so you could be an American just so you could have this this freedoms that we have. Amen. As bad as it could be, it's still the best country in the world. Amen. You go overseas one time and you come back and you realize, hey, I'm glad to be in America. We got back from Egypt and I remember we went and found a hamburger because you don't have those over there. And hey, man, that's America, you know, and we can eat like that. You can eat until you till you're obese, you know, over here. And and and and things are just, you know, you get used to it. And you realize our worst roads better. Our worst roads better than anything they got over there as far as their side streets and their dirt roads. And listen, church, we're blessed as Americans, but somebody had to die for your freedom. Come on. Somebody had to give everything for you to be here this morning. Somebody had to give everything so that we could actually have a church to worship in. Somebody had to give everything for your freedom. And I want to tell you that somebody gave everything for your freedom so that you don't have to wonder who's going to win the battle. But he's already won that for you. When he went to Calvary, he didn't say, "Now you might have to come to Calvary as well." I wish somebody' hear me this morning. But he went over there and paid for every every mistake you would make and every sin and everything. He already paid for it. And if you would just look to Calvary, I know I said this Wednesday night, but if you would ever get a good view of Calvary, then it would change the way you look at things. It would change the way you act in church. It would change the way you worship. It would change the way you are. Why? Because once you look to Calvary, you realize that the ultimate battle had already been won. Amen. You think about it. He's there on the cross and he looks down and he look he looks down at the people and he said, "Father, forgive them because they don't even know what they're doing." Listen, that's a forgiving spirit. Amen. That many of us need to work on because a lot of times when we find ourselves, you know, somebody does me wrong, we just want to rile back at him. But when he but but he was so in love with the people and and he knew that the end result was that if he went to Calvary, Amen, they might be saved. And so when he asked for forgiveness, listen, he was interceding to the father, amen, for forgiveness. But I don't believe he was just doing it for them, but I believe he was looking ahead in time and looking at your sins. And he was looking at my sins. And he was looking ahead and say, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they've done. They don't know what they they don't they really don't. They're under a spirit that has caused them to do those things." But God wants you to fight through that thing. And realize he already won the war for you. But you've got to fight the battles that are coming your way. Amen. When the mind battles come, fight the mind battles. Amen. But you know that you've already won because where your the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty from those things. And so if the spirit of the Lord has come upon you, amen, you're just like Samson. Amen. No gates can keep you out of the city. Amen. There there's no army that can come against you. Amen. But when you you have a strength that is unknown to the world, but it's a secret power and it's called the Holy Ghost. Welcome the church. Say amen. And if you have that secret power, it will rise up in you and it will actually fight every battle that comes. Amen. Suicidal demons that come upon you. Amen. You have you have the spirit of the Lord in you that will fight that demon. Amen. Every kind of oppression that will come upon you. Every kind of depression, every kind of think about it. Everything that you could b fight in life, every every anxiety. And listen, I know we live in an anxious world. I know we live in a world where there's so much depression and and there's so much fear. Amen. But God has given you the ability to overcome that by fighting with everything you have. Can the church say amen? We have We have the right to fight. We have a right to fight. I hope you're okay with this this morning. I'm not talking about fighting each other or fighting for something, but I'm talking about fighting the devil who is your enemy. We need to fight him with everything that we've got. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "I give you healing. It's your possession." Somebody say, "Amen." Somebody this morning sitting there sick and you say, "Well, I just wish I could overcome." We've got testimonies of what God can do sitting in this building. Amen. You could look at Sister Bennia. You heard her testimony a few weeks ago where there was no baby supposed to be born. She was able to have a baby. Amen. Where where hair would be falling out. Amen. You you would get prayed for laying hands on the sick just like the Bible prescribed. And the hair would come back. Come on, church. Do you realize what we serve is not a dead God, but it is a living God who is going before you in battle? I want you to know this morning that if you've given up on God and that then you can get right back up and keep going because he's a God of second chances. He's a God of third chances. If you failed God, don't think you fa fallen too far that God can't reach you. Because when he reached down for some of you, you were a long ways from grace. But God reached down his mighty hand and he said, "Brother Jaden," he said, "I'm coming after you." And then, "Brother Jeff, in your situation, God came after you. I don't care how cold you've been on God. I don't care where you find yourself this morning. God wants you to fight to come back into fellowship with him." Can the church say, "Amen." Amen. What we need this morning is to realize, Amen. We're not fighting a losing battle. You say, "I've fought this depression for years." Then keep fighting it. You I fight I've been fighting this depression for years. I've been fighting this anxiety. I've been fighting this demon of of trying to take my life and and suicide. Then keep fighting that devil because there is victory for you because God has called you to be victorious. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. God has called you to be victorious. God has called you to be an overcomer. Do you believe that this morning? Did you know God didn't call you to lose a battle? Did you know God didn't didn't call you to be sick? It was not his will for you to be sick, but God wants you to be healed, Sister Alice. He wants it more than you want it. God wants what? God wants it for you more than you've wanted. But all you've got to do is say, "Lord, I'm giving everything to you. I'm giving this temper over to you. I'm giving this backsliding condition to you. I'm giving everything that I am because I want to be an overcomer. And I know that when you give it to God and you let the chief captain go before you, then every one of them demons that's fighting you this morning has got to give way, amen, for the for the presence of God to take control of your life. I I tell you what we've done this morning is we've tried to do it on our own too often. We've tried to we've tried to fight these battles so much, amen, that we've tried to say, well well, you know, I'd like to I'm going to fight this depression. I'm going to do it. I'm going to keep fighting. I'm going to fight this demon that's on me. I'm going to fight this this cold and and this spirit that's trying to take me out of church. I tell you what, the moment you I'm tired of fighting, Lord. I just can't do it no more. The problem is you've been fighting too long and you need to give it to Jesus. There you go. You said, "Brother Joel, I thought you said we got to fight." You do have to fight, but you can't fight by yourself. You can't fight on your own because if you go into battle with no plans and you've not been equipped and you've not been given a an actual a tactic and and a strategic layout of how you've got to go to this battle, then you're sure as the world you're going to get outsmarted by somebody. I want to tell you who your enemy is and who your adversary is. Amen. He's known as the devil. But do you realize the devil does not even have the keys to his own house? Do you realize that the devil cannot cannot make you sick? He can't. He cannot He cannot make you sick. God had to allow that. God had to allow that that doctor to come and tell Sister Melennia what he told her so that she could have a testimony here this morning. Come on, church. Do you realize you you say, "Well, well, the devil's got all he's all over me." The devil has no right to your land. The devil has no right to your inheritance. But what you've done, listen, I know the devil can put sicknesses on you just like he did Job. But God knew he couldn't take his life. See, because somebody had already rigged the outcome of that story. Somebody had already said, "Brother Bill, the devil may fight you for 86, 87, 88 years." Amen. But at the end of all this, you win anyway. Come on, church. You win anyway. Because the devil can fight you, but he does not own you. He cannot take you out. He cannot defeat you because you are victorious. Somebody say, "I'm victorious." I'm victorious. We are victorious. Amen. And what are we victorious through? Through the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Brother Random would go on like this. He said, "This is not a picnic ground. This is a battlefield. Not a place where we lay back and say, "Now, Lord, you just come, you know, force it to me and then I'll do it." No. No, you don't do it that way. God never did it that way. Come on. Can I have a few more minutes? He said, "He has a basis." He said, "Like I spoke last night, like the law of electricity, the law of water, the law of gravitation, everything, you have to work accordingly." He said, "There's the land." And yet some of the Israelites when they looked at it, they said, "Why? We can't take it. We We look like grasshoppers upside them big people." When the spies came back, but there was Joshua and Caleb. Somebody identifies with that group here this morning. He said, "There was Joshua and Caleb. They knew what God had said, and they said, "We can take it. It's ours. Somebody needs to go ahead and say, "It's mine this morning." You know why? Because God has already given you your healing. You need to accept your healing. Amen. God has already given you the Holy Ghost. If you're wanting it, God has already given it to you. Amen. But what you got to do, there is a prescription just like he said about the law of electricity and the law of water. Amen. There's a prescription on how to receive the Holy Ghost. And some of these young people, I know they've been baptized and some of them need to be baptized. But if you been if you repent of your sins and you're baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, then you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. I want to tell you something. That is not something that you can't get. That's something that you will have if you go God's provided way. Because you say, "Well, I just can't receive it. I've been waiting on the Lord for all these years." No. The Lord has already given it to you. You've got to accept the Holy Ghost. You say, "Well, well, what's hindering me?" I tell you what it is. God wants to see how sincere you really are. Come on. Buddy Robinson wasn't just making that statement, but Buddy Robinson was actually serious that Lord, if you don't give me the Holy Ghost, you're going to find the bones right here. Amen. He was so sincere and ready to please God that God would honor his word by giving him the Holy Ghost. So, I would say that you need to fight through all that that that land of sin spirit that we have and say, "Lord, I need another refilling of the Holy Ghost. I need to be closer to you. I need an outpouring of your Holy Ghost in this service this morning. And don't let go until God provides it for you. You say, "Well, I don't know if I can get it. It's already yours." Did you know that? I You say, "This is too positive." Did you know that the that the believer's promise is a positive promise? Yes, it is. You know, I'm not preaching to unbelievers this morning. I believe everybody in this building is a believer. I believe everybody in this building either has the Holy Ghost or will get the Holy Ghost. I believe that with all my heart. I'm not here to say somebody I just believe that. Is that okay if I just believe that y'all going to make it? And I hope you believe the same about me because I don't believe that God didn't want any of you to perish. Amen. He didn't go to the cross so so that brother Justin that you so that you could fall away. No. No. He went because he wanted to see you there. And if he wanted you there, then all you've got to accept what he's given you. But what we're fighting is a mind battle to even to get to the acceptance stage. Is that okay? Sometimes you can't accept it because you've let the devil hinder you by saying you're not good enough to accept what God's already given you. Can I say that again? That the devil is trying to stop you because he's told you you're not good enough to get what's already yours. Come on. If it's already yours, you have to fight the devil to get there. But you know you're going to get there. I went way off my notes, but I want to tell you something. Don't let that devil talk to you and get you down in you down in the dumps and say, "Well, I I just can't make it. I can't be a message believer. Maybe I wasn't meant to be a message believer." That's the devil. And if you'll reject that devil, he'll flee far from you. Can you say amen? I I think what we've done, we've let the devil, we've let the devil take up residence, and we need to let the let the devil go right back to hell where he came from. Can the church say amen? Don't let him Don't let him squat on God's property. You are God's children. you are gods and and God gave you an inheritance and and the Holy Ghost was yours. And and so brother Rain would go on like this. He said, "There's the land." And yet some of them couldn't couldn't take it. They said, "We can't take it." Joshua and Caleb, they knew that God had said they said, "We can take it. It's ours." Why Jericho was so big till they could run two chariots around in a horse race? How could we go there with our little spears and so forth and the gates are shut up and great men in there look like giants and the Canaanites probably the the descents of Ham. And he said, "How could we ever go in and take that?" You see, they looked at the natural part. How could this woman walk? How could that one? How could this man ever get out of the out of the fix that he was in? And he was fixing to die in a few days with heart trouble. How could he be made well right now? It's unreasonable. But you can't reason it out. God isn't known by reasons. No man understands it. You've got to accept it by faith and say it's so. So, when you get to thinking, "I can't do it." That's because you're letting the intellectual mind come in the way of God's promise. If you're saying, "Well, I just don't think I can take the land." The land was already given to you. All you have to do is possess it. And and and see, it's so easy. But what you've got to do is remember there will be a battle between you and the land. Young people, when you go to camp, there will be a battle between you and receiving the Holy Ghost over there. I mean, there's going you're going to look around at the people and say, "Well, if I act like a holy roller, then they're going to laugh at me. Or if I, you know, if I shout, listen, you may not even shout. You may not speak in tongues. That doesn't mean you didn't get it. Come on. I want you young people to know when you go to youth camps, don't go over there and say, "Well, I've got to act like so and so or I didn't get it." No, that's that's what the that's what the devil wants you to think. They may have really got it, but you may have really got it, too, sitting in your seat and the tears rolling down from your face. And I looked at Brother Ryan staying there and worshiping service after service. I'm telling you, he may not have been the loudest person in the building, but what I saw was God get a hold of a young man and change him for the better. [Applause] I think we need to fight for our children. I think we need to fight for our Listen, our young people, they're going to grow up in a worse environment than you did. I don't care. The best home in here. They're going to wor grow up in an environment where the devil's going to fight them worse than anybody. I know you old-timers have said, you know, it was bad in my day, but you don't understand what's going on now. You don't understand what technology's done. You don't understand what the devil's using for our young people because he knows we're getting real close to the end time. And he knows that if he can if he can stop these young people from from getting this message of the hour. Amen. That he can he he thinks he can stop a rapture. But there will be a people. Come on. Can you say amen? There will be a young people that'll rise up. If this message goes on for 50 years, there's going to be young preachers sitting right here on this front row. I believe it with all my heart. Somebody's not going to give in to the pressures of the world, but they're going to stand and be very courageous with the message of the hour. [Applause] Brother Random says it's so against science. It's against knowledge. The knowledge of this world is foolish. Foolishness before God. It's against all scientific research for a virgin to bring forth a child. But she did it. Did you you believe that? You realize that that was God there. The same God that was with Moses. Was the same God that created Amen. the the the egg and and the womb and everything right there for that baby to be born again. It was the same God. And God spoke and said, "Let there be." And it was I heard this I believe last night and and God was God was back there before the foundation of the world and and and and it was just void and and he had angels to worship him. But then he had to create you to worship him because you know what it's like to overcome. You know what it's like to be redeemed. You know what it's like to really worship. You know the angels are holy, holy, holy. And they've never they've never overcome nothing. They they can't even sing Amazing Grace like you can sing Amazing Grace. Can you say amen? Amen. He looked beyond my faults and saw my need. The Listen, the angels can't even sing that song. But you can sing it because you fought past all the demons that have tried to take you out and you're here this morning in spite of what the devil has tried to do to you. Yes, sir. Thank you, Lord. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said days of He said, "People will say the days of miracles has passed. There's a whole lot of parasites saying I don't believe in them holy rollers, but go in and take it. It's yours." Listen, church, when when did we ever get to thinking that we're we're so educated and that we we we've got to we got to worship a certain way? I want you to go ahead and say take it just like this and and say, you know what, a prophet was not against worship. A prophet was not against raising your hands. A prophet was not against you shouting in church. A pro. Come on, somebody. A prophet wasn't against it. He never took the gifts and put them out of the church. Come on. Can you say amen? Amen. We do all things decently in order just like the Bible said. Amen. But if you want to shout, then shout. If you want to run, run. If you want to be, if you want, if you feel good enough to do that in church, I say don't let the devil stop you from taking a hold of it and run it. If you want to run, come on, somebody listen. You say, "Well, you're trying to work people up." No. What you've done is we're fighting a spirit of the age. And the devil don't want you to be excited over this message. He don't hinder you at the ball game. He don't hinder you watching the TV. He don't hinder you. Well, can you say amen? He don't hinder you at nothing else. But what he's hindering you at is worshiping God in the place where God has called you to worship him. If he if he let us have the freedoms and the liberties because of the men that died just so you could go to church, then don't you think that he wants you to worship him? You say, "Well, why why would I worship him? I don't have no reason." Then you've never experienced grace. If you've ever experienced grace, you'll worship God because you know what you are without the grace of God. You know what you've been. You know what God has made you and you worship because of grace. You say, "Well, somebody worked me up, so I was just I was just doing what they're doing." Listen, I that's the wrong reason to worship. The reason to worship is because of what God's already done for you. The reason to worship is because you know you're in a battle and you don't even see a way out of it. But you know, on the other side is victory for you and victory for your family and victory for your relationship. Come on, church. There's victory for you on the other side of this battle because he went before you in battle and already made it possible on the other side. You say, "This ain't deep enough for me this morning." Listen, how you ever going to accept what God's got to teach you if you can't get yourself out of the way long enough to realize who he is? God does want to teach you the things of God. God wants you to understand the mysteries, but first of all, he wants to get a surrendered heart that will say, "It's not about what I know. I'm going to get rid of my intellect. I'm gonna get rid of all these things and I'm going to say, "Lord, whatever you want for me, I'll worship you. I I I'll go to church. I I'll do all the Listen, church. I I I I want you to know something. God's given you grace enough to be here. Then worship him when you're here. Thank you, Lord. Come on now. It's all about grace because he went before you. It wasn't you that went before in battle. I hope you're hearing me this morning. It wasn't you, brother Bill, that looked to see how long how how am I going to come through that heart surgery? How am I going to come through? Where where's my kids going to be? The kids are going to be over there with you on the other side. Come on. You know why? Because he gave them to you. They are your possession. Is that okay? Is that too much faith? No. That's the truth. You say, "If I'm going to get over there, are my kids going to make it?" Yes, because you don't have to go see him. But a prophet already went over there. And and listen, I don't believe it's just all that he ever loved and all that ever loved him. Because it wasn't this is not just a prophet's message. This is a bride message. And if you have taken a hold of this message, then what a prophet saw over there was you. And if you were over there, can I I hope you're okay with this this morning. This might be stepping out a little bit, but it's okay because I believe by faith you can look over there and say, "All that I've ever loved and all that ever loved me is going to be there." You say, "Is that prophecy?" No, that's just faith. Why would you ever want to believe any different? Why would you want to believe any different? Why would you want to believe some of my kids ain't going to make it? Why would you want to believe some of this church ain't going to make it? Is that okay? Whether you're in this church, another church, or any other church. We we we're believing for you and you believe for me and and we're going to be there together one of these days. You say, "Well, you don't know what I'm going through. I don't need to know what you're going through. I know who is before you in battle and he's already overcome for you." Is that okay this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "We're longing for somewhere where there's no death, no sorrow, no heartaches." Somebody say amen to that. No old age. That land is somewhere and we'll never be able to achieve it by guns and fighting and so forth of the natural carnal weapon. But there is a land that we can go to and it's a battle to get there. I hope I can make this as clear as possible. This is how it come to me. It's always a battle. You're always going to fight. You have to fight. But in the end, it's all grace because he knew you would overcome. And I don't know how to say that any better. It's it's just it is grace that you made it this far. And it's grace that's leading you home. But you you couldn't give up on grace. Come on. Amen. If you're following, when Moses was following the pillar of fire, he couldn't give up on the pillar of fire and say, "Maybe that's just a maybe that's just something in the sky. Maybe that's just something in the bush." He couldn't give up on the pillar of fire because that's what was going to lead him to the promised land to where he could look over and see where the children were going to go. You see, he couldn't give up. You say, "Well, what about all the battles? Why why couldn't he get there in three or four days?" And listen, because God would God would look down on his people and see they would complain and they would gripe and and they would give up on God time and time again and Moses would have to stand there and intercede for the people. You say, "Why have we been in this world so long?" Amen. Because he's waiting for somebody to get ready. Amen. And actually take a hold of this message and let rapturing faith come on the inside of you so that you can be changed. Listen, we're waiting for one more or two or whatever. But there's one that's got to come in before we can get out of here. And that one may be here this morning. Just because you're in church don't mean you're ready to go. But if you're here, then that means you've got a desire to go. And if you've got a desire, there's somebody made a way for you and you need to get a go ahead and say, you know what, I'm not looking at my circumstances. I'm not looking at what I used to do. I used to smoke. I used to drink. Amen. I used to go out and run the run the nightclubs or whatever you've done. God don't look at that no more. He don't look at your your previous marriage situations, but he wants you to look forward and say, "I have a way provided for you. You've made all kinds of mistakes. You you've done everything wrong, but let me go before you and walk in the ways that I have have led you. And in in that way, you will be an overcomer." Thank you, Lord. But don't get to thinking it's easy. Come on. Oh, my time's almost up. So you you you get to thinking it. You get to thinking, well, if he went before me, then I don't have to fight. I want to get get just get this into you as best I can. Moses knew that he was going to deliver the children of Israel from Egypt. God had already told him. And Moses tried to argue with God and say, you know, you know, I can't I can't speak. Oh, I'll send you Aaron. He can he can speak. You know, we try to say, "Well, I'm not good enough. I I I can't do it. I I can't go down there. Listen, God didn't call you because of how good you are. Come on. Or how good-look you are. But he called you because he knew you were going to trust in him. Because you ain't good enough on your own. You know, you needed a savior. I hope this is okay. The best of you needed a savior. The best person in this building had to have a savior because without him, you'd be lost just like everybody else. And so Moses goes down there with with with understanding from God himself from a supernatural bush that was on fire. He goes down there and he realizes these are my people and we're going to deliver these people. But there was an obstacle at every turn. Well, you can take some of them. You can take these. And and he and he and he even lets lets them go. But he wants to keep their livestock. And he said, "There won't be one hoof left behind." That's why I believe if he wouldn't even leave the cattle behind, he ain't going to leave your kids behind. Can you say amen? Amen. God cares about everything that you care about. I I've seen people, you know, you know, they say, "Well, brother Brandon's pets were there, but yours ain't going to be there." I mean, there ain't no reason to believe they ain't going to be. You might as well just say, "I'm going to take everything with me." There's some pets I don't want to be there, and cats can't go. Cats ain't going to heaven. If they're there, they got their own little special section. Cats. Cats in heaven. Dogs can go as long as they don't jump on me. But yeah, maybe I won't be like that over there. That'd be good, wouldn't it? Brother Ben says, "Praise the Lord. I go to brother Ben's house and that dog's scared to death to jump on my lap and jump up on everybody else's but not mine because he knows he's gonna be push pushed down." And and so Where was I at? But Moses goes down in there and everything belonged to to to God. And so everything that Moses went to get, he ended up getting it. And as soon as they get out of Egypt, there was another trial. You would think after all that it would be smooth sailing. Have you ever been in a bad trial in your life and you thought, "Man, that's got to be the worst I ever go through." And you got another one coming that's even worse. The first one was just to build your faith for what's coming. I hope that's okay. I ain't scaring you. But the same God that brought you through the first one's going to bring you through the next one. The same God that brought you through Amen. You you had some little some little illness or some little thing, but the same God that brought you through some little disease can also bring you through cancer. The same God that brought you through Amen. You you say, "Well, I prayed one time and I overcome a headache." Did you know it hadn't always happened for me, but I'll say it like this. Amen. God was doing something to build your faith because you know what? You may have another test coming and the next test may not be as easy, but God had to build your faith so that when the next trial comes, he would see you through it by building your faith from the last trial. Is that okay this morning? Amen. We're not trying to work our way in on our own on our own feelings or our own emotions or our own way of doing things, but we are going by the blood of the lamb and we are being moved forward by the same light. Amen. That was before Moses. And as I was with Moses, so will I be with you. And I will be within you. Not just in front of you. But he didn't just stay as a pillar of fire. Amen. But that same pillar of fire, amen, is the logos of God that would come into your soul and would actually lead you from your soul. Amen. So your flesh is no longer leading you. Can you say amen? Amen. Your mind is no longer leading you, but the Holy Ghost is leading you and overcoming every devil that is in your way. You see, you're not being led by intellect because intellect will fail you. Intellect will change. Intellect will make you think this one day and think this the other. Amen. But those things are not leading you. Can you say amen? Amen. The bride is not being led by those things. But the bride is being led by the word of God which is which is Christ himself that is in you. And that's the hope of glory. Can the church say amen? Amen. So if you have the Holy Ghost this morning, rejoice because you may have a battle, but you're going to come through the battle. Amen. Rejoice because in the affliction and in the battle of your life, you've already made it. Can you say amen? Brother Brandon would say it like this and I'm going to get way on down here before I run out of time. He said, "Now you say then the promise is mine." Sure, but you'll fight for every inch of it till you're well. Amen. You you you'll take every step of it. It's a battle. The promise is yours. That was a promised land. They had to fight to get every step of it. And the promise is yours, but you'll fight every inch of it. Can the church say amen? He said, "God," he said, "I was called to to to preach the gospel 31 years ago, and I fought ever since." And I've read that quote here before, but it's true. When when he was called to be a prophet, listen, the same God was in the tree that spoke to him and said, "Don't ever drink or smoke or defile your body in any way, for I've got a work to do when you get older." And then he would hear that voice and recognize that voice. And then he would actually stay that way before God. And then that God would come again on the Ohio River as uh when the 17th person was getting baptized and he would come down and as John the Baptist forun the first coming of Christ, your message will forrun the second coming of Christ. You realize it's the same God. Same God with Moses. Same God with the prophet. Same God with the bride here this morning. See, because we're a Joshua generation, as I was with Moses, so I'll be with you. As I was with William Random, I will be with the bride. Come on. Is that okay this morning? You say you're putting too much on the on the bride. No. Because you were the called people to go into the land. You were the ones that accepted the message of the hour. The message brought the promises to light. And you've accepted the promises. And now you've got to fight to get the promises that the message has told you would be here for you. Well, I hope this is okay. But I want to wrap up with this right here. The message called you to overcome. The message called you to come up higher. The message told you how to live and how to act and how to have church. The message called you to that. But now it ain't good enough to say, "Well, the message did this and the message did that." You've got to take a hold of this message and remember that as the message was with Moses, Joshua couldn't say, "Well, it was with Moses, but it ain't good enough for me." No, it was just as good for Joshua. Amen. And he may not have had the signs of Moses, but when he got to the other side, the power of the sign was still in the people. There was a powerful sign with with with Moses. Joshua didn't have that sign like Moses to go down there to the people. But what he had was the same God. Can you say amen? We don't need this. We don't need the sign, but we need the We need to believe that the same God is still here. And if he is here, all things are possible to them that will believe. And the church say amen. He said it's been a He said it's been a battle ever since. I fought ever since. Every inch of ground I fought with the sword of God taking the promise and cutting away. He said whether it's popularity, whether it's our church, whether it's our friends, our associates, whatever it may be, whether it's our doctor, whether it's our priest, whether it's our preacher, all other ground is seeking sins. He said it's Christ alone. And listen, you you start putting everything back on brother Brandham and you lose every bit of power that God has given you. Come on. It's the truth anyway. Amen. Everything. Listen, you say, "Well, there was power in a prophet." That's the truth. There was power in a prophet. Amen. But it wasn't the prophet that was powerful. It was God that was in the prophet. Amen. It is not you that's powerful. It is God that is in the bride. We don't have the sign, but we have the same God. Jesus Christ of yesterday is Jesus Christ today. And he'll still be Jesus Christ tomorrow. Can you say amen? Amen. The the Jesus the the the God of the Old Testament is the Jesus of the New Testament. The Jesus of the New Testament is the Holy Ghost in you. And what you need to know this morning is not how much how many mysteries have been here. And listen, those are good things. But before you ever get there, I think it's time we recognize who we are and what land we're going to possess and that everything is your land and everything is your possession. If it's a promise in this word, don't look back and say, "I can't get it. I can't attain it." No. No. It's It's yours. Can you say amen? Let the church say, "Amen." Amen. I I want to get down here where I can close cuz I Brother Ben told me I had until 12:00. 12:00 is almost here. Brother Brandham talked about Abraham Lincoln being in Memorial Day. He talked about Abraham Lincoln giving his life for what he believed in. And you know, Abraham Lincoln when when he come into office, you know, there there was there was even people that didn't like him and you know, there was there was people in the south and there was people in the north and and you know, there was division all over. But when he became president, you know, he he determined he he purposed in his heart that he was going to set those people free and and and there would be a a great, you know, emancipation and and he would actually come down. he would he would actually go and he would he would he would actually have to take a side because because he was he would have to be against these other people. He tried to bring peace and and peace wasn't working. So So he had to actually just take a side and and say all men were created equal. And and listen church, I want to say this morning that if a man would give his life for his country, how much more ought we give our life to the man who saved my soul? What about us giving our life to the one who has who has given us the Holy Ghost? What about the What about giving your life for this message? What about giving your life because he's worthy? Can you say amen? What about giving everything? Because if a man could die so that people could be set free and that was a great thing, one of the greatest things in history, but there was a greater thing in history. And that's when Jesus Christ would die for every man. It didn't matter his skin color. It didn't matter where he went to church. It didn't matter what he did. But what he did, he the ground was level. Amen. Everybody was under the blood. Everybody that would accept it was under the blood. And I still believe today that somebody has got to recognize that I can't win on my own. But under this blood, I have the authority to overcome in this generation. Come on. Under the blood, under the Holy Ghost, under everything we have need of. God has given us resources to fight and win. He's given us resources to win the battle. Can you say amen? Brother would say it like this in closing. He said, "What is it?" the word God's artillery in the human being manifested the resurre manifesting the resurrection he said think of it that great conqueror who conquered every sickness conquered every superstition conquered every giant conquered everything there was to be conquered on earth died and conquered hell can the church say amen and conquered death conquered the grave conquered the atmospheres ascended up on high and come back in the form of the Holy Ghost and we are more than a conqueror through him that loved us and the church said amen Amen. He said, "And and like a mighty army marches the Christian soldier. Great triumph. He's in us." Can the church say, "Amen." Amen. This is the word to you that we are we are a great army. A and we're not going on our own, but he is marching on the inside of us. He is marching on the inside and there will be great triumphant. He's already conquered. He said he's in us, not me. He's already conquered it. He said, "I don't have to do a thing, but just believe him and walk on." He said, "Yes, sir. For he is risen. His spirit is in us. The great victor, the resurrection presence is in us. He said we've raised from the things of the world from unbelief and creeds to a living Christ with every power of the enemy defeated. Even death itself is defeated. Can you say amen? He said hell's defeated. The grave's defeated. Every sickness is defeated. He said not not me a conqueror. He conquered. Come on, church. He's already done it for you. He already did it for the prophet. But he's already done it for you. You can put your name there and say, "He already did it for me. He already healed me of this cancer. He already healed me of this backslitting condition. He has already done it for me." Thank you, Lord. He said, "Where's he at me? I've passed from death unto life." Musicians come. He said, "I've passed from death unto life. Someone said, Billy, you act silly. Maybe I am, but I feel better this way and just let me alone." He said, "That's right. In here, I got life out there. I was dead. I'm a lot better off living today." He said, "Amen. Oh, I love it. Don't go before us. He goes in us." Amen. He went before you in battle, but now he's more than just with you, but he's even in you. Can you say, "Amen." Amen. He's not just a God a far off, but he's an everpresent God. Amen. He was the everpresent water in the rock. Amen. He was he was he was he was a logos of God. But but I want you to know today, he is more than just a god in the sky. He's more than just a constellation of angels, but he's in you this morning and he wants to make you a powerhouse in the kingdom of God. Can the church say amen? Brother tells that story about that fire chief in Jeffersonville and he says, you know, the old chief, he said down in Jeffersonville, he said they couldn't fight. He said they he said they they they they would they were trying to fight that fire and and he said that he said that chief would would go on like that and and you know fight put a little water here, put a little water there and you know intellectually let's do it this way and let's do it that way. He said but then there come over there was come somebody who knew what they were doing and they come over there and he said he brought the big fire fire fire truck over and he said that chief didn't just tell the boys you know do this and do that and put a little water here, put a little water there. go. He said that chief got up and went up the ladder and said, "Come on, let's go." And I believe we've got a captain here today that is not telling you what to do, but he's already went before you. He knows the steps you're going to take. He Come on, church. He knows everything you have need of this morning. He knows every doctor's visit that's not going to go how you want it to go, but he already knows what you need. If you need salvation this morning, it's here for you. If you need the Holy Ghost this morning, it's here for you. If you need an overcoming uh experience this morning, it's here for you. Reach out and say, "Lord, you've already led me to this place. Let me worship you where you've put me this morning. He is God and he doesn't change. I am God and I change not. If he could deliver children of Israel out of Egypt and bondage, he can deliver you out of every situation this morning. The only thing he asked you is this. Be strong and very courageous because your enemy, the devil, is roaming to and fro throughout the earth. He's seeking whom he may devour. He's trying to take your joy. He's trying to take your children. He's trying to take your love for one another. Can you say amen? But what he's what he's given back to you this morning, he's giving you everything that the devil's tried to take from you. This is a message of restoration. Everything the devil stole from you can be restored back to you this morning. You say, "I need joy. I need peace. I need healing." It's yours this morning. If you could just believe it. I wonder if we could stand together. If there's somebody in the building this morning that needs healing, I want you to just put your hand up and say, "Lord, heal my body." Every eye closed, every head bowed. If there's anybody that needs salvation, I want you to put your hand up and say, "Lord, I I I want to I want to be saved." If there's anybody in here that needs the Holy Ghost, put your hand up to him this morning. Say, "Lord, save my soul. I wonder if there's be one this morning to say, "Lord, I've gotten cold on you. I feel backsliden." Lord, would you restore the joy of my salvation? I know I'm saved, but I need the joy restored. If there's one in the building this morning that would say, "Lord, I I've gotten cold. I need you to take me back to the place where I left you. Take me back to where I where you where you were real to me. Take me back to that place and let me have the joy of the Lord again. Let me serve with the ferveny. Again, if you have a need on your heart this morning, just put your hand up to him. He sees and knows every every need that you is behind the hands. He knows everything. Heaven [Music] shine. Oh yes, he knew me. Do you believe it this morning? Oh yet he loved me. Oh it was he whose glory made all the heaven shine. I know we're unworthy but aren't you thankful he did it. I'm so unworthy. Oh, of such [Music] mercy. Oh, but when he was on the cross, you and I was on. Amen. If you need prayer this morning, the altar's open. Oh, he knew me. You believe he knows you this morning? Oh, he loved me. Oh, it was he whose glory made all the heaven all the heavens shine. Oh, I was so I was so unworthy. Oh Lord of s [Music] mercy. Oh when he was on the cross. Oh I was on his mind. We change that to key of G. You are worthy of it all. [Music] Lord, you are worthy of it all. From you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Yes, he does. Oh, you are worthy of it all. [Music] Lord, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. One more time. Oh, you are worthy. You believe he's worthy this morning. Oh yes, you are worthy of it [Music] all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh yes you do, Lord. You are worthy of it all. Lord, you are worthy of it all. [Music] And to you are all things. [Music] I say this to you before we leave. First Timothy says it like this. But thou, oh man of God, flee these things, and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness. Fight the good fight of faith. Thank you, Lord. Lay hold on eternal life. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." whereto thou art also called and hast professed a good profession before before many witnesses. So if you don't take nothing else from this service this morning, can we fight the good fight of faith? Fight with everything you've got to overcome what's trying to hold you back this morning. Let's sing that again with all of our hearts. If anybody else needs prayer, we'll pray for you. Worthy of it all. You deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it [Music] all. For you are all to deserve the glory. Oh, you're [Music] [Music] worth Jesus. Amen. [Music] You believe he's worthy this morning. Oh, you are worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things to you are Oh yes, you deserve. One more time with all your hearts. Now if he's worthy, can you praise him? Oh, you are worthy of it all. He's worthy of every praise in the building. Oh, you are worthy. Oh yes, you are. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. I think this one's in a key of C. Well, I thought number one would surely be me. I thought I could be oh, what I wanted to be. Well, I thought of myself as a mighty mighty big man, but Lord, I can't even walk without you, holy. Oh, do you believe it this morning? Oh, yes. I can't even walk without you. holding my hand. Oh yes, the mountains too high and the valley much too wide. Oh, down on my knees. Lord, I learn to stand. Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Oh yes, I thought I had done a lot on my own. Oh, I thought I could make it. make it all alone. Oh, I thought I could build. Oh, on life s, but Lord, I can't even. Oh, somebody testify this morning. We can't walk without him holding our hands. Oh, yeah. Oh Lord, I can't even walk without you holding holding on to my hand. The [Music] mountains much too high and the valleys too wide. Oh, down on my knees. Lord, that's where I learn. Oh yes. Oh Lord, I can't even walk without you holding. Oh, sing it one more time with all your hearts now. Oh Lord, I can't even walk without you holding holding my hand. Oh, the mountains too high and the valleys much too wide down on my knees. That's where I learn how to stand. Oh Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Well, be bold and be strong for the Lord thy God is with thee. Be bold and be strong for the Lord thy God is with thee. Do not be afraid. Oh, do not be dismayed. Oh, we're walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory for the Lord thy God is with thee. Why don't you run into [Music] the can we do it this morning? Oh, just run into the and tell everybody to get ready. Get ready. Are you ready? Are you ready this morning? Oh, are you ready to take your stand? Oh, we're walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory for the Lord thy God is with. Oh yes. People be strong for the Lord thy God is with thee. People be strong for the Lord thy God is with thee. Oh, do not do not be dismayed. Do not do not be dismayed. We're walking in faith and victory. Oh yes, we're walking in faith and victory for the Lord thy God is with running to the camp again. Why don't you run into the camp? Tell everybody to get ready. Are you ready? Oh, run into the camp and tell everybody to get ready. Get ready. Are you ready? Are you ready this morning? Oh yes. Are you ready? Oh, we're walking in faith and victory. Yes. We're walking in faith and victory for the Lord thy God is with. One more time, be bold again. Oh, be bold and be strong. For the Lord thy God is with thee. Be bold and be strong. For the Lord thy God is with thee. Do not don't be afraid. Do not be dismayed. We're walking in faith and victory. Oh yes. We're walking in faith and victory. For the Lord thy God is with thee. If you believe it, give the Lord a big hand clap of praise this morning. Are we walking in victory? Are we walking in victory this morning? Well, victory is mine. Victory is mine. I said victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, cause victory today. Oh, the Holy Ghost is yours. Well, the Holy Ghost is mine. Oh, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get thee behind. Well, the Holy Ghost, what about joy this morning? Well, I said joy is mine. I said joy is mine. Well, joy today is mine. Well, I told Satan to give me behind or cause joy today. Well, I said victory. Well, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. Oh, it's all mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind. cause victory today. Let's do that verse one time. Well, when I woke up this morning, well, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, oh, I got up singing and shout victory." Oh, I said victory. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. It's all mine. Well, I told Satan to give me behind. Oh, victory today. It's mine. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. Just before we go, I am redeemed bought with a price. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I hope the word of the Lord was a help to you this morning. Amen. Let's just fight with all we've got to overcome every devil, everything the devil's got to throw at us and and let's just keep running this race with patience. Can we do that? Amen. We'll see you again Wednesday night. God bless you as you go now. I am redeemed. Oh, I've been bought with a price. Oh, my Jesus has changed. my whole life. Oh yes. If anybody ever asked you oh just who I am, won't you tell them that I am redeemed? [Music]
