################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - How the Desert Got Dry - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   How the Desert Got Dry
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KI9kTHsD-dQ
========================================

[Music] Let me see. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat up [Music] here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] for giving me [Music] victory. Well, he's my reality. Something keeps holding me. Let's sing that chorus tune now. Something keeps Oh, something keeps holding me every day. I see. Oh, he's helping me faithfully just to overcome all my trials. Amen. You thank for that tonight. Oh, he's guiding me constantly. He g me victory. [Music] Well, he's my reality. Oh, Jesus is holding me. Amen. Amen. Give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Just go ahead and welcome everyone out to the service of the Lord this evening. This morning and we got Bob and Joanna, is that right? Visiting with us this morning. Amen. Good to have them with us. Amen. Got a few visitor other visitors in with us. Good to have you all this morning. Amen. Just looking forward to what God has in store for us today. Amen. Brother Joel and brother Allan is both out. So I apologize y'all had to put up with me again. So Amen. Help me out and sing. We've been battling some allergies and sinus. So just sing with us together this morning. Let's worship. Are we here to worship today? Amen. That's what we're here to do. Amen. He's the one of our focus today. Amen. So let's just worship our Lord. Amen. Let's sing to him. Welcome him. Welcome Holy Spirit. Amen. Got the keys there on my little piece of paper right there. Amen. Key of F. Oh, welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, your praise. Let's start. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. We're singing welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Amen. First verse. Now we lift our hands. We lift our hands to worship you. Oh, Holy Spirit, holy one. Now come into this [Music] temple and live inside of [Music] me. We're singing welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Just fill us with your power and live inside of me. We're singing welcome Holy Spirit. Now we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Amen. You're the living water. Sing it to him now. You're the living water. Oh that never drying fountain. Oh comforter and counelor. Oh take complete [Music] control. We're singing welcome holy. Tell him this morning now. Oh you believe you're in his presence today. Amen. He promised he'd be here. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Now we are in your presence. Just fill us with your power and live. Sing that chorus tune one more time now. Oh, sing and welcome, Holy [Music] Spirit. Yes, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. and live inside of me. Oh yes, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Live inside of me. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. How great is our God? Amen. How great is our God? Got that little list right there. Amen. B flat. Okay. It says B flat. Let's try that. Oh, the splender of the king. Well, he's clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. Will he wraps himself in light. Oh, and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. And trembles at his. Tell him now. Oh, how great. Amen. Sing it to him this morning. Let's hear you sing it out [Music] today. See how great how great is our God. Oh, now age to age he stands. All of time is in his hand. Beginning and the end, beginning and the [Applause] end. Will the God three? [Music] Oh, the father's spirit son. The lion in the lamb. The lion in the lamb. Oh, how [Music] great. Amen. Will sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great just how great is our God name above all names. Oh, he's the name above all all names. And he's worthy of all praise. My heart will sing how great. Oh, how great. Amen. Name above all names again. Oh, he's that name above all names. And he's worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great. Oh, how great. Amen. Of course again now. How great. Oh, how how great is our God. Tell him this morning. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all we'll see how great. Oh, just how great. Amen. One more time. [Music] Oh, how great is our God. Well, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great he just how [Music] great is our God. Amen. Amen. Give you my hand. Clap of praise this one day. Amen. Papa God, he be there. Amen. Oh, Papa God, you saved me from old life. You cleansed and made me whole. You changed my heart. Amen. Amen. You thankful for it this morning. And now I know I need you. So Amen. Amen. Tell him now. Oh now, Papa God. You saved me from my old life. You forgave me. Well, you cleansed and made me whole. You changed my heart. You changed my soul. And now I know I need you so. Sing it to him again. Have our brothers come for the offering this morning. Oh, Papa God, you save me. from my old life. You forgave me. Well, you cleansed. You made me whole. You changed my heart. You changed my soul. And now I know. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sing it to him again now. Oh my papa God, you save me from my old life. You forgave me. Well, you cleansed and made me whole. You changed my heart. You changed my soul. And now I know I need you [Music] so God. Amen. Amen. Are you glad you know you need him this morning. Amen. Amen. That's the main thing. Amen. We know we need him. Amen. Just welcome everyone out again. Amen. And we got a prayer request to uh please pray for sister Karina Everheart as she recovers from her shoulder surgery and brother Ron Everheart as he had a biopsy on his lip. Amen. Just praying that it's not cancerous. Amen. Just believing all is well there. Amen. I believe that's all the written requests, different needs that we know we have need of. Amen. No, Bill and Sharon's out of power and and we got a few out on the road today. So just keep them in our prayers. Amen. and you have a need on your heart, it's by the uplifted hand this morning. Amen. Father God, we thank you, Lord, for your mercy and grace. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to gather here, meet with you, Lord. Father, we just ask you to meet the needs of your people, Father. The many requests, Lord, burdens on many people's hearts. Father, we just ask you to help them leave, Father. Lord, we ask you to be with those who are traveling, Lord. We just ask you to keep them safe and have mercy on them, Father. Lord, we ask you bless the tithe and some offerings for your glory in Jesus Christ. Amen. You can be seated this morning. Amen. If you'd like, be seated this morning. Amen. Let's try to sing to him this morning. Amen. He touched me. Amen. Then Sister Sharon, we'll have you come up and sing your song after that. Amen. Well, I was shackled by a heavy heavy burden. Oh, it was me that load of guilt, guilt, and shame. Oh, but then the hand of Jesus touched me. Oh, and now I am no longer the same. Will he touched me? Oh, he touched me. and all the joys that flood my [Music] soul. Oh, now something happened and now I know. Well, he touched me and he made. Amen. Are you thankful for that touch this morning? Amen. Oh, now since I met this blessed Savior, oh, and since he's cleansed and made me whole. Oh now I shall never cease just to praise him and I will shout it while eternal he rose. Amen. You glad he touched you. Oh he touched me. Oh he touched me. and all the joy that floods my soul. I know something happened and now I know well he touched me. Amen. Do that second verse again down. Since I met him, amen. Are you glad you met him this morning? Oh, now since I met this bless savior. Oh, and since he's cleansed and made made me whole. Oh, I shall never cease just to praise him. And I will shout it while eternal. Amen. Amen. Oh yes, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. and all the joys that flood my soul. I know something happened. Oh, and now now I know he touched me and he made Amen. Give him one more hand of praise this morning. Sister Sharon, you got a special this morning. Sister Sharon, you got a special this morning. Peter, turn one in. That boy, we're going to have to whoop him. Amen. What a guy. I thought you had one this morning. Okay. Get him out. You got one. You can sing, sister trainer, real quick. Nope. Okay. Well, Peter's going to get a whipping when service is over this morning. [Music] Amen. Do you love him this morning? Amen. Amen. We'll just sing another song. Amen. And then we'll give we'll give brother Ben a little extra time to preach this morning then. How about that? Amen. God been good to you. Amen. That blessed be the name of the Lord. That should be the slow one, Brother Robert. Yeah, that's it. Amen. Amen. Let's worship him with this little course now. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands one accord singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name. Amen. Sing it to him now. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands in one accord singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Amen. Amen. Let's stand together now and sing it to him. Oh, now blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adore. So we'll lift up holy hands in one accord singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name. Amen. One more time, tell him this morning. Oh, now blessed be the name of our Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands. What a call. Singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Give me one more hand of praise this morning. Amen. As we invite brother Ben to come, let's sing that song, He's God. Amen. Let's try [Music] that. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Tell him now. Oh, I worship him. Oh, when I come into his presence, humble myself, remembering what he's done, all the victories he's won. And I worship. Oh, and I'll [Music] praise him. Oh, for all he's done for me redeemed. Think about it as you sing it this [Music] morning. Because just because he's gone. Sing it again. Now when I come, oh when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands. Can we do that this morning? Amen. Tell him now to worship him. Oh, I worship him when I come into his presence. I humble myself bringing what he's done. All the victories he's won. I worship him. Oh, are you going to praise him this morning? Oh, I praise him for all he's done for me. Aren't you glad? Oh, he has redeemed and set me free. Oh, and because Oh, just because. Oh, he come. Can we sing it like we mean it? For all he's done for me. Oh, for all he's done for me. Aren't you glad he brought you out? Oh, he's redeemed and set me free. Oh, and be called. Oh, just be called. Oh, he come. We bow our heads together as we continue to play. Maybe you come this morning with a special need on your heart. Like to lift your hand to the Lord and say, "Lord, I need you this morning." Would you just do that? We know He knows every heart, knows every need. Heavenly Father, Lord, we see the upraised hands, Lord, in the sanctuary. We see, Lord, that Lord, you're an everpresent help in time of trouble, Lord. We all face trouble sometimes. But this morning, we're just asking you to take care of it, Lord. And whatever we have need of, God. If it's spiritual, financial, physical, whatever it is, God, we believe that you'll meet that need, I pray that you'd grant it this morning. I pray that your word would be clear today, Lord. That it would not be a uh Lord, just a a form of service, Lord. May there be a reality of your word to us. May it strike revelation in our hearts. Make us act different and live different, Lord, and worship you more. Pray you'd grant it now. Those that are sick, I pray that you'd meet that need. Pray you'd help me this morning. Pray you'd help the people. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn with me if you would to Psalm 63. Psalm 63 and1. Good to see you all out in the house of the Lord this morning. I uh uh my voice is bad just from the allergy season as I'm sure most of you deal with that as well. So, you just bear with me this morning. And uh we're going to have the baptism right after the service. So the way that we do that is we'll at the end of the service is we'll just go straight to the baptistry which is in the fellowship hall and uh that's part of our service. So if you could do that with us when we're done instead of fellowship in here we'll go straight to the service or to the baptism and then uh then we'll be dismissed. Psalms chapter 63 and verse one says, "Oh God, thou art my God. Early will I seek thee. My soul thirsteth for thee. My flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land where no water is to see thy power and thy glory. So as I have seen thee in the sanctuary. Pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated. I want to speak to you this morning on just a little bit of a different thought that's off of our uh series that we've been on. I want to speak to you this morning on how did the desert get dry? How did the desert get dry? I uh desert is classified as a region of land that receives very little precipitation, typically less than 10 in a year and is characterized by uh extreme temperatures and sparse vegetation and little rain. But we know that the deserts, the natural desert that we see today, it was not always dry. In fact, science says that the desert in Tucson is less than 10,000 years old. I think we could probably pin it down even closer than that. I think it's probably about 4,000 years old because that would be after the flood. In Genesis chapter 2, we found out that God made uh the heavens and the earth. It says, "These are the generations of the heavens of the earth when they were created in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens and every plant of the field before it was in the earth and every herb of the field before it grew. For the Lord God had not caused it to rain upon the earth. And there was not a man to till the ground, but there went up a mist from the earth and watered the whole face of the ground." We know that rain didn't come until Noah's time. In Genesis 7 and verse 11, it says, "In the 600th year of Noah's life in the second month, in the 17th day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up and the windows of heaven were open." And so, the rain finally came down uh from the heavens. Now when the rain finally stopped and the water receded, we find that some land got more rain than others and and slowly the the grass begin to disappear and and the plants begin to change and uh as they got less and less rain and less and less water in in the ground that eventually it actually changed the character of the land. But we think about that and when you cross into a desert, you know you're in a desert, right? You you come into that kind of a sparse vegetation, you know, uh that that you've left the trees and you've left the pollen and praise the Lord, you you've left the I just feel like going to the desert right now. You've left all the things that cause allergies and you get out there into the desert where it's dry. But but it didn't, you know, that didn't happen overnight. Like it's not like we us crossing into it. If you had been in the desert and always been a part of it, say you were a plant or a flower in the desert, it just gradually gets less and less rain and adapts to the environment that it's in. That's why a person, if we take it to the spiritual side, when they begin to get out of church and they begin to get out from under the blessings of God, they may be a Christian, but what they're doing is they're adapting to less and less rain and they're getting used to being out of the house of God. They're getting used to not being under the blessings of God. They're getting used to not really feeling the presence of God. Maybe even if they're in church, but there's a desert time going on in their life and they're they've just gotten used to that. And so they've always lived there, maybe a sinner, they've never experienced the blessing of God. They've never really experienced the what what the Holy Spirit can do in a life. So to them, they just do what they do. They It's nothing strange. All All the plants have thorns on them. All the all the plants are cacti of some sort. And and everything's sparse. They don't think nothing of it. But yet, if you crossed into that, you would recognize that it was a desert. That's right. So, what happens is a flower in the desert gets less and less rain. And so, it begins to protect the rain that it has. And the way that it does that is it protects itself from two things. It protects itself from herbivores, which are uh animals that eat plants, and it protects itself from evaporation. So in order to do that, it it rolls up. And so uh you take something that had a leaf on it would actually become a thorn or a sticker because what it would do is it's protecting itself. It's got less surface area to evaporate from and it protects it from the animals because it can no longer really fulfill its purpose, its original purpose because we know in the beginning there was no desert at all. God didn't create deserts. So, and uh there there's a uh there there's a a thing when we need to recognize that that uh the modern cactus actually come from a member of the rose family if you can believe it. It's it's a flower called pescia which has no thorns or stickers at all. They're still found in South America where there's more rain. But you take your sorro cactus or your jumping cactus or or choya cactus, something like that. They were once a flower, right? They they actually were a flower, a beautiful flower that that the deer could come by and eat and and the leaves would uh would would would be rolled out and be wonderful and beautiful to look at. But now they're full of thorns and stickers. We know that that was actually the curse that was given to Adam in Genesis 3:17. unto Adam he said, "Because thou was hearkened to the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it. Cursed is the ground for thy sake, in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life." So, we understand that God didn't create the desert. We were meant the the earth was meant to be watered from the ground and and yet now we we rely on the rain. Now, uh, Brother Brandham uses this as a metaphor for a church. A and we get dry sometimes. We get dry and we don't even know how we got there. Most of the time we don't even recognize that there's a lack of water. All we we're just going through life. We're just doing what we've always done and not recognizing how long has it been since we really got loose and worshiped in the house of God. How long has it been since we really got down to business and heard from God? How long has it been since we wanted to go to church? Oh, come on, church. I'm I'm just going to preach a little bit this morning as best I can. But how long's it been since our heart was really fervent for the message of the hour? How long's it been since we really we really wanted the things of God and we we hung on to every word that was being preached? How long's it been since we really wanted to serve God with all of our heart? You remember if you've ever been saved? If you've ever had an experience with God, you remember what it was like when you first got saved. You remember the joy that you had in your heart. I see our elders in the back raising their hand. They know what it was to be born again, to uh to to change, have their lives changed, to come out of denominationalism, to come out of those things. And the joy that you found in the message of the hour. What a blessing that it was to pick up a book or a tape or to listen to an old realtore recording. There was a joy in reading your Bible. But over time, things change. That's right. We find ourselves many times in a desert condition. Yeah. And we don't even know it. Now, Brother Brandon said this. He said, "You know, I travel around over the world a lot and one of the most stickerest, nastiest places to try to lay down is in the desert. I wouldn't even think about it just for the snakes if nothing else. But you know they say there's no more snakes in the desert than anywhere else. It's just that you can see them. But everything in the desert has got a sticker on it. He said, "You know why? Every kind of a little old weed is a cactus. You can't lay down nowhere. It's sticking you." The reason of it is they ain't got no water. Water makes it soft. Water makes it soft. He said, "Where there's lots of water, you don't have any thorns and thistles where there's lots of water." He said, "I tell you, brother, you take an old church that's dry in his bone." Come on, church. I'm not calling you dry this morning, but we need to make sure we don't ever get in this condition. That's right. You take an old church that's dry in his bone and no Holy Ghost in it and no salvation, no divine healing, no power of God, no shouting. Come on. I heard a a a message preacher say, "Well, well, why would we shout?" You know, well, Brother Brandon believed in shouting. And more than that, the Bible talks about shouting. The Bible says that when we were in the mind of God, he said, "Job, where were you when the sons of God when the morning stars stay together and the sons of God shouted for joy?" The Bible believes it taught that. And brother Brandham taught that. And I don't believe you have to shout. I don't believe it's any evidence of the Holy Ghost. But I do believe that it's part of it. It's a joy that we have. It's something that How long's it been since the church really got loose and worshiped God and really gave it all all that they had to a service? And maybe you're not a shoutter, but there's just something in your heart. You want you wanted to give God everything that you had. Come on, church. You You fall asleep in church. And I'm not talking to our elders who are on medication. I'm not really talking to our young ones like this. But what about us? Come on, church. I I've not fallen asleep in years, but I've gotten tired sometimes. But I'll tell you what, that old sleepy devil will run off of you if you begin to really get into the service. That's right. No power of God. No shouting, no joy. And it's always, "Oh, she done this." And he done this and he done this. Sticker, sticker, sticker. That's good. You realize sometimes we don't recognize God when he's here. That's right. Come on, church. I know it's it it's funny sometimes, but I watch people walk out of a service where the presence of God was so real that I know the anointing of God is there that they could have had healing or salvation and all they got out of the service was this was wrong or that was wrong or wasn't my favorite preacher my favorite singer my favorite this that or the other. We don't come here to worship one another. We don't come here to lift up one another. We come here to lift up the name of the Lord. Yeah. He said, "What you need and what we need this morning, what Word of Life Tabernacle needs is a good old-fashioned outpouring gusher of the Holy Ghost." Hallelujah. And soften up a little bit. He said, "A dry climate just develops stickers. Everything that's on it got a sticker. Then you change and take that same variety of weed and put it up in a country where there's a lot of rain and swamp. It's just as soft as it can be. But notice, it doesn't do that overnight. A cactus will live for a while in a wet environment, but it won't live for long. Right? A flower will live for a while in a dry environment, but it won't live for long. It either has to adapt or die, right? And so what happens is it adapts to the environment that's around it. He said, he said, the water makes the difference. And you take a people or a church that's just so dry. That's the reason it's so hard for them to say amen. They got to clear the dust from their throats. You know, I'm going to pass out bottles of water to everybody. You know, gets dusty out there. You can see them coming. You know, here comes you watch somebody come in. It looks like pig pin from peanuts. You know, the dust is just coming off of them or dry. They need an experience with God again. Come on, church. We all do from time to time. None of us are exempt from that. I don't know how many times I've come to the pulp and said, "Lord, make it real to me today. Make it a reality to me. Let me live it. Let me preach it with all of my heart. Let me feel it in my soul." Because the world will drain it out of you. We We all have trials. We all have situations in life. We all have trouble and that'll that'll drain it out of us. But we're not We don't worship God just in the good times. We worship him at all of the time because he's not just a good God in the good times, but he's a good God all the time. We come in with our complaints and our expectations Yeah. being lowered and it's just like a cloud of dust follows us in and we sit down and wonder, why am I so prickly? Why do I get my feelings hurt so easily? Why do I hurt other people? Why do I respond so sharply? Oh, church. It's not the people. It's not. You say, "Well, that person is, you know, if they would just change, if they'd just be different." But that's not what needs to change. What needs to change is me. What needs to change is is my heart. I need to get into a place where I can where it don't bother me like it did anymore. Oh my. Now look, brother Brandon says the water makes a difference. You take a people or church that's so dry they never have prayer meetings, they become stickers. They're just finding fault and sticking at one another. But all we need, someone say all we need. All we need, all Word of Life tabernacle needs, oh my, is a good rain to soften us up a little bit. Amen. That's good. He said, "I get into the desert sometime out there in Arizona and I notice that every little old bush on that desert is harmful. It'll stick you because it doesn't have enough water to take care of it. Stickers come out for a defense. Right? Because it's dry, it can't trust the rain. It can't trust that there will be a regrowth." Right? Right. So, every time somebody says something about it, it's got to say something back because it can't trust the Lord. the rain for a regrowth. So because it's dry, it's just everything. It's like, "Oh, he he he said something to me wrong. He did this wrong or they did that wrong." What is it? It's a dryness of spirit. Doesn't have enough water to take care of it. Stickers come out for a defense. He said, "You come back up here up in Oregon or somewhere where it rains all the time and every one of them same kind of bushes hasn't got a sticker on them." Yes, sir. He said, "See, the water keeps them soft." Yeah. And that's what's the matter with the church. I hope that wasn't yours, Brother David. I think it was. That's what's the matter with the church. When you get when you get all dried up and shackled up, I may I may lose height this morning. Sorry. He said, "That's scary right there. Are you with me this morning? Are you awake this morning?" Amen. He said you get all dried up and shackled up and everything. He said you see get so cold and formal and different. You don't get any spiritual blessing and your heart gets all filled up. Oh my. Full of indignation and wrath and everybody, oh, I'll get even with him. People sit in church for years with a grudge against a fellow church member for years and sit there waiting, planning, plotting the day they can finally get even with them. Why don't you just let it go this morning and say, "Lord, I know I need water. I know this isn't you. I know that you don't act like that. I need some water in my life. I'll get He said, "I'll get even with him. I'll get even with her. I I quit the church. Just a bunch of stickers living in a desert. Try. What you need is some good oldfashioned Holy Spirit water. Rain down upon you. Soften up that old hard heart. Oh, that's what we need this morning. So many people come out of a dry environment, they're so used to being dry that the rain feels like emotionalism. So used to being dry that the rain feels like, oh, they're just a bunch of holy rollers. No, it's just the rain of God coming down on people. Amen. Have you ever noticed what a difference it uh that the camp uh camps make in our kids? Many times when they go, what a difference it makes in their lives. And you know, the truth is they don't enjoy it that much physically because I know they like meeting their friends and stuff, but when you go to camp, it's hard, right? You're sleeping in a bunk with a bunch or a bunch of other people in the room and it's a very difficult time. Some of y'all can say amen to that. Uh, and it's not it's not easy to be uh uh to to be at the camp and that our kids are going is why I'm saying this this week, but but what they don't complain about it. Most of them don't. They don't complain about it. They don't think nothing of it. And when they come back, they're refreshed. Why? They they got some water. Yes. Amen. And sometimes we need to endure maybe a little bit of hardship and things a little bit out of order a little bit just to see just to shake us up maybe so we can get some water realize that we need it. But the kids many times they they get softened up and so they'll come back why they've been in that environment softness. Huh? And so when they get in that environment uh of the Holy Spirit moving in their life, they begin to lose that that indignation and that anger and that wrath and it get easier to deal with around the house for a while. And what have they got in the many times, you know, we say, "Well, they get the Holy Ghost over and over." We don't we know that's not true, right? They You can get refilled with the Holy Ghost, but you get sealed one time, but you can get dry. And you need sometimes to get the water on you so they come back tender and soft just in a good condition to get all hurt by us prickly be pears. Come on church and then they begin to roll up again. Why the new environment is desert. I'm not saying we're a desert as a church but we got to fight that. Israel just recently planted I say just recently a few decades ago they planted a forest in the desert. They actually planted a an entire forest of pine trees in the Ngev in in one of the driest deserts in the world. You think what in the world are you doing Israel? Well they planted it there because they know deserts don't stay the same size. Did you realize that deserts spread? they grow and over time they just spread farther and farther and farther out. So what Israel did is they planted the trees so that it would be it would stop the spread of the desert. So there's an entire national forest, man-made national forest in Israel. And the way they got the water to it is they took the salt out of seawater and they're pumping that down and then pumping water out of the Lake of Galilee and they're pumping that down into this forest so it can begin to grow and it looks as beautiful as any forest anywhere in the world. But it's actually not getting water from rain, but it's getting water from the desalinization process. But Israel realized if we don't stop it somewhere, it's going to spread. It's going to keep on going. Listen, church, if you don't stop somewhere, if you don't have an experience with God somewhere, if you never find yourself at an altar, if you never find yourself calling out to God, if you never find yourself seeking the Lord with all your heart, you'll get drier and drier and drier and drier until eventually there's nothing left but sand. Say, "But I'm a Christian." Yeah, but your environment's bad. Yeah. Atmosphere is bad. Yeah. You realize the Sahara Desert, there's once a a big ocean in the middle of it, right? Yeah. They found whales in the Sahara Desert. Whale fossils right in the middle of the Sahara Desert. They found the the remnants of petrified forests underneath all that sand. It used to be there was a time around the time of the flood that all of that whole continent was lush and the Sahara had just as much rain as the rest of Africa. But the reason it looks like it does, oh church, is because just over time when the rain stopped, it just kept getting drier and drier and drier and and all the fruits died off of it. And when the fruits died off of the flowers died, the animals left. Pretty soon, all that was left is is sand. And I've been there in the Egyptian desert. When you pick up that grain of sand, it's like glass. It's not like even the deserts there in Tucson or somewhere like that. But but it's sand. It's just like it's been blasted by nuclear power. But it did not happen overnight. It happened over thousands of years of just no water. realize why we need the house of God. Why we need each other? See, the danger is not The danger is not that you'll find yourself trapped somewhere and unable to come back. The danger is that you won't want to. That's good. It's not that you'll get to a place where you can't because there's always mercy for you. If you want mercy, there's always mercy. It's not that that you'll get to a place where there's no mercy. It's that you'll get to a place where you don't want any. That's right. Brother Brandon says, he says, "Everything in the desert has a sticker on it. Any little plant you come to, don't get near it. It'll stick you. It's always got its stickers out, ready to stick." Oh my. Anything that comes near it. What's the matter? What made it a sticker? Is because it had no water. I know I'm being very direct this morning, but as your pastor, I've got to do this sometimes because I feel like I need to be preached to directly as well. I need to be reminded of a little song that says, "It's not my brother, not my sister, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's not the new people. It's not the old people. It's not the young people. It's not the middle-aged people. What? It's me, Lord. I'm the one that needs the water." Because if I could get the water, maybe my children could get the water, maybe the young people could get the water, maybe the atmosphere of the service would change. He said, "What's the matter?" He said, "What made it a sticker?" It's because it had no water. That's what dried it up. That sticker is a leaf rolled up. For the lack of water, it becomes a sticker. That's a scientific fact. But the Brandon was not just using an analogy. It's what actually happens. He said, "Thus it is with the church today that when the church gets away from the fountain of life, when it gets away from the joys of salvation, when it gets away from the Lord God, then that person becomes a sticker." Yes, sir. Always finding fault sticking. No sooner you come up, I'm Presbyterian. I'm a Methodist. I'm so and so. We do that in the message, too. I belong to brother so and so's church. Where do you go to church? Don't talk to me about that stuff. I'm I'm okay where I'm at. A sticker. It has no fruits. He said, "You take that same plant, cactus, and put it into a land for a few generations." You realize what we're trying to do here? We're not building for today. We're building for generations to come. You say, "Well, the Lord's coming." Absolutely. I believe that if he comes tomorrow, we'll be ready. If he comes a week from now, we'll be ready. If he comes in 10 generations, we'll be ready. But we plant our potatoes now for generations to come. So, we're getting ready for the next generation. So, what we're doing, he said, you put that plant, that cactus, put a little cactus, like one of these young people, into a land for a few generations where there's plenty of water. Oh, church. And that sticker will unfold and it will come a soft leaf bearing fruit. I want to see every one of our young people bearing fruit. I want to see every one of us bearing fruit. How are we going to do that? We've got to start today. Lord, send the water. We need rain. He said you it'll become a soft leaf bearing fruit. In the 17th chapter of Exodus, Moses brings the children of Israel to Mount Horeb. Horeb the the name it's Horeb is actually the surrounding the incline that goes up to Mount Si. Horeb means a dry place or a desert. And I love the fact that it was Horeb where Moses went and and the people were complaining about no water. And Moses, remember, goes out and God says, "Speak to the rock." So he takes the driest thing in in a dry place. Horb means dry place or desert. He takes the driest thing in the driest place and says, "Speak to that and it'll bring forth water." You say, "Brother Ben, it's it's too late for me or or I'm a solid Christian. I don't need that anymore." I pray that God that you would speak this morning and say, "Lord, I need that water from the rock, that everpresent water from the rock, I need though I might be dry, though the the the environment around me might be dry, but I don't have to stay that way. The rock can be spoken to this morning and it'll bring forth water." Yes, sir. Now, Moses, you remember, went and struck it twice and it broke every type in the Bible. He didn't need to strike it. He was told to speak to it. Right. Yet God honored the prophet. A and so we're it's not our job to to force people into a relationship with God. It's not our job to force people into church. Are you with me now? It's not our job to smite it. He's already the the sacrifice has already been made. What do we do? We speak to it. Lord, I believe there's water. He said, "Ask so that your joy could be full." I know it's simple this morning, but I just want us to just really really bear this in our spirits and really just just just meditate on it this morning. Brother Brand said, "See a desert, a little piece of cactus." Let me back up there. He said, "When we get out of fellowship with one another in the church and out of fellowship with the Holy Spirit, it brings us to a dry place, a desert, nothing alive. Everything got stickers on it, you know. You cannot be habitually. And I'm not I'm not preaching at you this morning. It's Sunday morning. So, we got our Sunday morning crowd. And I appreciate you being here. But but you can't be out of church habitually and not get dry. It's impossible. You can't quit praying habitually and not get dry. Yeah. You can't quit reading your Bible habitually and not get dry. Are you with me now? There's times when I know things interrupt and there's things we have to do. But if you get in the habit of desert, you can't you can't have the lack of rain and not have the environment that comes with it. See, brother Brandon says a desert, he said, a little piece of cactus with that sticker on it. Do you know what that is? That's a precious little tender leaf. You say, "Well, if they're a sticker, then you just need to run them out of the church." No. That's a precious little tender leaf. That hasn't had no water. It's just wound itself up so tight till it's a sticker. That's why it can't respond to the word anymore. It's just wound up so tight. anything you say to it, it it it snaps back at you because it's wound up so tight. You got to walk around like you're on eggshells because it's wound up so tight till it's a sticker. Oh God, help me not to be like that. He said, when you see somebody like that, maybe it's a precious soul, that could have been watered, right? Would have been a tender little leaf or something, but instead of that, it's wound itself up. You know how we we wind ourselves up for protection? Yeah. We get it home and we start thinking about it. Brother so and so didn't shake my hand. That old herbivore come over and started to try to take off my leaves. Well, that's what you were made for. Leaves of fellowship. But you you start withdrawing it. You wind yourself up. Well, the pastor doesn't love me. The people don't love me. I'm just old. I'm no count. No good. You're always valuable in the kingdom of God. I don't care how old you are, how weak you are, what's happened to your body, you have value in the house of God. I watched our elders come in this morning. At one point this morning, all that was here was that back row. And I got to looking at that and I actually took a picture of it on my phone because I thought, Lord, keep our elders around because it's such an encouragement to me because they show up to the house of God in anticipation early waiting, praying on the and if we have a good service, many times it's not because of me, but it's because of them back there praying and lifting their hands and worshiping and praising God. Oh, then it could be all of us this morning. We don't want to be a rolled up sticker. We want to be a precious little tinder leaf that has water. Yeah. But he said it just tight. So tight till it's a sticker. Our other elders scattered through the building as well. I'm so thankful for you, but let's never become a a wound up little little needle that just picks at everything. But let's be a leaf that can be eaten off of that that the water can evaporate. But there's more water. It's just wound itself up till it's a sticker. Said just punching at everything, you know, finding fault. Only thing it needs is just water. Brother Danny told a a wonderful story in our elders thing. I think we put it on Facebook. So many of you have heard it. Brother Danny tells the story and I've heard him tell it before, but it's wonderful because it just tells you, you know, it's all a frame of mind. It's how you think about things. because people were uh you know, somebody complained to him about the temperature in the church and he said back then they had the type of maybe the ones we have now. I'm not sure. Hope it wasn't one of you, but I don't think it was. But he said they were complaining about the temperature in the church and they were too hot or too cold and and so he said he walked over to the to the temperature to the thermostat and he punched the button. And of course, the light comes on, but he didn't change nothing. He just punched the button, the light come on, walked over and sat down cuz the temperature was what it was supposed to be. So, he gets done doing that and after church, they come to him and said, "Brother, uh, we're we're just so glad, Brother Danny, we're we're we're so happy that you fixed that." Said, "We were so hot and as soon as you punch that button, boy, everything's okay now." You know, we could sit there. What was it? It's just all in the mind, right? It's just all in the mind. I'm not saying there's not real things that happen. Sometimes it's too loud. Sometimes it's uncomfortable. Sometimes it's too quiet. Sometimes it's you just need to move somewhere else. I mean, across the aisle, not out of church. But sometimes you you get you get to a place where it's like that. And I recognize that sometimes we do have it too loud. Sometimes we do have it too quiet. Sometimes we don't get everything right. But what are we here for? What are we here for? We're not here to complain. We're not here to see one another. We're not here to be comfortable. We're here to serve the Lord. And sometimes he puts us in a trying place to see what we'll do. And we ought to serve him with all of our heart. Brother Brandon says it he said it's just fine as Paul. The only things it it needs is just water. That's all it just it needs a revival, a breaking up, a refreshing from the Lord. It'll unfold its little self. See if you'll just put it to the water. But that's where them who live in that place. Listen, here's the danger of living in a place where you never get moved by the spirit of God. You never get moved by the atmosphere of God. He the word doesn't move you anymore. Those who live in that place has to suffer with the conditions of that place. And those who desire to live in that kind of an atmosphere where everything is just punching and fussing and quarreling and stewing. I hope that don't sound like home. Come on church. Hope it don't sound like our homes. I watch kids and I'm so proud of ours cuz our older ones are all at home and and doing what's right and they're not just But I've seen situations where every time a kid turned 18, man, he wanted to be out of the house. Why? Because house was a bad atmosphere. They might have been Christians. They might have been deacons. They might have been they might have been trustees or even preachers, but home was a bad atmosphere. Everybody was quarreling and stewing. Oh, they had long hair and and they didn't paint their face. And maybe they were ever so legalistic, but home was so quarrelome that they felt like they needed to get out just as soon. Oh, God, help us not to raise our children that way. Those who live under that atmosphere have to suffer under those conditions. But I don't want a church that's a desert. I don't want to go to a church that's a desert. I don't want to be a part of a church that's a desert. I don't want to be the pastor of a church that's a desert. I don't want to have a home that's a desert. I want God to be able to move everywhere. Everywhere I am. Let me be in revival. Lord, this is the hour of the bride's revival. Let me be a part of that. The devil will tell you you need less water. Really what you need is more. I tell you the problem in your life is because you just go to church too much. And if you just let go a little bit and just start to drift, things get easier. And it does get easier for a while. Because if you were going up the river up this spring river and you were going up river rowing, might be almost impossible to row against that current. But if you were rowing with your paddles, with your ores, as soon as you let go, you'd feel relief, you would. But look where you're going, huh? Your muscles would quit aching. You quit sweating, right? Because you're not you're not pulling anymore. You're just ro you're just floating. But where are you going? There's rocks in the river, right? You you've lost control of the trajectory of your life. Oh, I'd say we need to give that control to the Holy Spirit today. Them where them who live in that place has to suffer with the conditions of that place. And those who desire to live in that kind of an atmosphere where everything is just punching and fussing and quarreling and stewing, he said, "Well, you'll just live under that atmosphere. That's all." But we don't have to live there. He said, "It's not necessary for us to stay there." Right? Brother Brandon said, "Carnity cut off their spiritual supply. Carnality cut off all their joy." They began murmuring and fussing and took them off into the desert. He said, "If anything I hate is a desert, it's hot. There's nobody hardly can live there. Everything you get against the desert got stickers on it. Every kind of little old vine's got stickers on it." You know why? It's because there's no water there. Now, if that same little plant grew up in my country or in a country that's got rain on it, that little plant would not be a sticker. That little sticker would unfold. It would be a nice tender leaf when it comes into a watered place. He said, "That's what's the matter with the churches, the reason they fuss." Come on, church. Why do churches fuss with one another? Why do pastors quarrel? It's not a sign of godliness. It's a sign of no water. Amen. Reason they fuss and quarrel and stew and so-called Christians because they've been bypassed from the land of blessing, from the fountain that never runs dry, from the rock and the weary land. And they've become dry and carnal. They want to stick and say, "Dave, some of miracles has passed. That's a bunch of holy rollers." No such thing as that. Oh, just let them come to the water one time. They just unfold and get tender and sweet, kind and humble. Something takes place when you put them in water. I don't know why, but it happens that way. He said, "Oh, carnality had cut them off." Excuse me. Look here. Here's what they had done. He said they left the garlic pots of Egypt to eat angels food and was complaining. Yes, sir. Could you think of it? Yes, we see it. He said, "Also, they left the muddy waters of Egypt to drink from that spiritual rock still complaining about it. They left the boasting physicians of Egypt that boasted how great they were to be with the great physician." And there wasn't. Their clothes didn't get threadbear. They're standing there complaining and and they didn't even ever have to take a trip to J C Penney or Walmart or the yard sale, wherever it is that they that they bought their clothes. They didn't even have to ever make new clothes or buy new shoes or make new sandals because God took care of them. There wasn't a feeble one among them when they come from the wilderness still complaining. He said then they they had also left the people that said the days of miracles has passed to be with people that's got signs following the believers. He said isn't that just the same today? You come up out of that old cold formal stuff got the Holy Ghost and God fills you with goodness and you're drinking from that fountain that never runs dry. All them things they're joy unspeakable and full of glory and then go to complaining. Just the same thing. First thing you know, you're bypassed off out into the desert. That's the way God does it. It's just that way. He said, "God doesn't do it. The people does it themselves. Their own carnal thinking does it." Yeah. And God allows it to test us. Look, Brother Brandham said the Methodists did that. The Pentecostals did that. If you look at the age, he said they got to picking at one another. They got out off the off the line the the line of God. If not, the Methodists would have become the Pentecostals and the Pentecostals would have become the message. But they got off of the path. They got out there and the rain stopped. And the first day they didn't notice cuz oh it don't rain every day anyway. But the farther they get into the desert, the worse it gets. Amen. Deuteronomy 11:16 says, "Take heed to yourselves that your heart be not deceived. You turn aside and serve other gods and worship them. And then the Lord's wrath be kindled against you and you he shut up the heaven. there be no rain that the land yield not her fruit le she perish quickly from off the good land which the Lord giveth you. See wherever the word is given out and received in the right way wherever the word is given preeminence in life the reign of the spirit anoints that word. Yeah. You know, many times we're looking for God to take something away from us when really what all we need is a reign of the Holy Spirit in our life and and to make the word preeminent, right? Because that's what brings the reign of the Holy Spirit. He's telling them, "If you go into idolatry, you're going to have less water. I'm going to take away the rain. If you fall into idolatry, things aren't going to be the same." Oh, church. Well, what's he telling them? If you do that, things are going to be things are going to be mixed up and you're going to comp start complaining and it's going to get dry. Why? Because you put something else first. So, what's the antidote to that? Put the word first. Let the word have preeminence. Let Christ have the preeminence in your life. See, when the word is an afterthought or has no preeminent place, the reign of the spirit stops. Deuteronomy 11:18, "Therefore shall you lay up these my words in your heart and your soul. Bind them for a sign upon your hand, that they may be as frontless between your eyes, and you shall teach them to your children, speaking of them when thou sitest in thy house, when thou walst by the way, when thou liest down, when thou raise up." These young people that want to be baptized, when they when they have a desire to do that, many times I understand that's because their parents have been talking about it. Their parents have been talking about the importance of being baptized. They've heard the pastor talk about the importance of being baptized. What is that we're teaching our children the next generation and something strikes that little heart and they want to be baptized. I say let's get them to the water just as quickly as we can because we we we've preached Acts 2:38. Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And a heart that's tender receives that. And they want to do that. What is it? They're making the word preeminent in their lives. Oh, that we can make every word, not just Acts two, but every word of the scripture preeminent in our life. Huh? He said, "Write them on the doorpost of your house, upon your gates, that your days may be multiplied in the days of your children in the land which the Lord swear to your fathers to give them. It's the days of heaven upon the earth." When love for God and his word is the primary thing, the rain comes and the leaves are soft. Yeah. You think about the church of Pentecost. I'm sorry for taking it kind of slow this morning, but I'm just fighting my my I'm I'm fighting them trees out there. How did the church of Pentecost we read about in Acts become the Council of Na where other gods were worshiped, right? Right. Where they changed everything and the church became the Roman Catholic Church. How over a short 300year period did that happen? Jesus described to his disciples what would happen in Matthew 24:9 says, "Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted and shall kill you. You shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake, and then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another, and many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many." Listen, when you hate your brother, you open yourself up to deception. Yeah. Many people think that if they'll close themselves off from everybody, they won't be deceived. And that's actually not what he says. But you hate your brother and you open yourself up. False prophets rise. And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. Shall wax cold. The Greek word for wax is to breathe gently. It's a a breeze which is like evaporation, an unnoticeable breeze or breath. It's a reduction of temperature by evaporation. The love of many shall evaporate. That's right. Now, think about it for a minute. Shall evaporate. Wax cold. And that's exactly what the church did. A cup of water sitting on a table appears to just sit there. If you took a a cup of water and filled it, or if I took this water, put this one under here. If I took this water and and I opened it, it's just an excuse to get a drink and open this water. You don't see any happening to the water. In fact, I could sit here all through the service. You'd never see anything happen. Right? Come on now. Right. It looked pretty good. Still looks pretty full. But if you put it on a digital scale, that number would move constantly. This water would actually lose volume and weight constantly. Every second. Billions of molecules are lost every second. So, it evaporates into the air. It takes about 16 minutes to evaporate a single drop of water. 16 minutes. So, it's something you would never notice, but if you left a glass of water, maybe like a 12 oz glass, probably not this big, but if you left a a 12 oz glass of water and you left it on a table in around 10 days, you didn't know you going to science class this morning. I like it cuz I never went to science class. But you take a 12 oz glass of water and you set it there for 10 days and come back. There's no water left. It's bone dry. Come on. What happened to it? The same thing that was happening to it all the time. The same thing that's happening to it right now. Come on. It's sitting there losing billions of molecules a second. And on that scale, it's evaporating. The same thing happens in our lives. Now, our soul is sealed by the Holy Ghost, right? That's why a person who's not sealed by the Holy Ghost would be up and down, in and out, and never can find their place. But a person who's sealed, they they the inside is taken care of, but your body and spirit are never converted until we leave here. How many knows that? So, twothirds of you is unsaved. So the spirit of God that affects you, that has influence over you, over your body and over your spirit, you you you'll come to church, you'll get so filled with the word, your mind will be full of the word, you'll believe the word, your body will begin to react to it, and then you leave. And every day it's evaporating, a little more every day, a little more, a little more. And if you stay out of church, then you begin to want to stay out of church. That's right. Right. And eventually, it doesn't matter if you're in church or not. It just slowly evaporated. It just the the desire evaporated, right? Oh, church. But he's still there. But what do you need? You need water. You need to refill what's been lost. That's why we need a refilling of the Holy Ghost. The refilling of the Holy Ghost is not for our soul. True. Yeah. Right. It's for these outer parts of us. That the Holy Spirit needs to anoint our flesh. Did you know it can do that? It needs to anoint our spirit, sir. That's where people get mixed up. They say, "Well, there's there's nothing to the anointing of the flesh. I don't want no anointing of the flesh. I don't want no anointing of the spirit." And someone has said, they said, "I don't want to be in the flesh." Well, what else are you going to be in? I don't want to worship in the flesh. We always worship in the flesh, right? But but but it has to be something that comes a desire that comes from the heart. But you got to yield to that because the old man is still going to fight you that body of death. Paul says, "Who shall deliver me from the body of this death?" It's an evaporation off of your life constantly. The fruits of the spirit, Satan's trying to steal it from you. He's trying to steal your joy. He didn't give up when you got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He's constantly trying to make it where you don't enjoy church no more. You don't enjoy the blessings of God no more. You don't clap along with the songs no more. you don't raise your hands no more. He's constantly doing that. And so, Brother Brandham tells us, he said, "When you say, "What's the best, what's the closest to God you've ever been?" He said, "You ought to say, "Today." Not when I got saved. Not when I got filled with the Holy Ghost, but today. Because if not, you're backsliding. But the truth is, we it evaporates. What it's doing is it it's cooling off and losing energy. Oh my. Oh my. Revelation 2:4, he speaks to that early church. He said, "Nevertheless, I have somewhat against thee because thou hast left, thou hast evaporated thy first love." When did the desert get dry? No one noticed. Probably the rain stopped. The water evaporated. So to protect the water, they formed a denomination of thorns, stickers. And brother Brandon says this way. He said, "The fervent desire to please God, the passion to know his word, the cry for reaching out in the spirit all begins to fade. And instead of that church being on fire with the fire of God, it has cooled off and become a bit formal. Just a bit." But he said, "You've left your first love." Huh? They still went to church. They still had prophets among them and and signs and wonders, but they left their first love. Right? It wasn't like it was at the first. Oh my. He said, "This that is what was happening back there to the Ephesians. They were getting a bit formal. The abandonment to God was dying out. And the people weren't too careful about what God thought of them as they began to be careful about what the world thought of them. That second generation coming on was just like Israel. They demanded a king to be like the other nations. Why? They were embarrassed by their dependence on the Holy Ghost. They were embarrassed by their dependence on a prophetic ministry. Where are we at, church? So they turned to sons of Kish, right? To to take over because they were embarrassed by their dependence on the word. I say, Lord, help me not to be embarrassed. Let let me have the water in my life so I can be ready to defend this message. Second generation, come on, was a lot like Israel. They demanded a king to be like other nations. When they did that, they rejected God. But they did it anyway. That is the history of the church. When it thinks more of conforming to the world instead of conforming to God, it isn't long until you see them stop doing things they used to do and start doing things they wouldn't do initially. They change their manner dress, their attitudes, their behavior. They get laxed. That's what Ephesus means. Relaxed and drifting. Yeah. That's when the desert got dry. The rains had been gone for a long time and now it becomes only a home for deformed plants. Fighting with each other for survival. When do we get dry? When we took a when we take a step back from fellowship with God. Samson thought he could continue doing what he always did. The anointing become deception. Hear me this morning. Become deception in his life because he could still feel the presence of God at times. The Bible said the spirit of God moved him at times right between the camps and he went out and sinned and lived his own sort of life. did whatever he wanted to and still God moved him and God used him. So he thought, I can still keep doing that and I'll be okay. Right? But one day he got in the lap of Delilah and Delilah convinced him to give up his secret. And while he slept, he never even knew. Oh, church. Isn't that how it happens with us so many times? is while we sleep. That's right. He never even knew that the joy of God was gone. Never even knew that that cry of God, that feeling that he had at the camp meeting, that feeling he had during the meeting, that feeling he had on Sunday morning that was there. And then he just laid in the lap of the world and thought, "Well, I can just keep doing what I'm doing." And eventually, what happened? He gave up his secret. And when he gave up his secret, what happened? She cut off his hair, which was his Nazarite vow. Oh my. He promised God not to do it, not to cut it. And and he she cut it off. And when she did, he'd become like any other man. But it's so sad. I've always thought this was the most pitiful scripture in Judges 16:20. When Delilah said, "The Philistines be upon thee, Samson." And he awoke out of his sleep and said, "I will go out as at other times before and shake myself. I'll shake myself. Before he shook off the the the the ropes, he he picked up the gates. He was able to do it. But one day, church, the desert got dry and he thought, "It's just like it was he whised not." In other words, he didn't even know that the Lord was departed from him. He had he was the same size he always was. Oh church, you realize the danger for a church, maybe even grow in number, look good, have all the trappings, but I'm not here for the trappings. I want to see a move of God. Amen. And we get so busy, and I confess to you as your pastor, that I get so busy, brother Ruth, sometimes just dealing with things and and making sure everybody's happy, trying to keep everybody happy. But is the Lord happy? Is he happy with what we're doing? Well, that's what we want. We want him to honor us with it, with his presence. We want to take advantage of those moments when we feel the presence of God. And when the sanctuary is being moved, we want to take advantage of that moment. So many times we're so busy, we just rush from the sanctuary and we just kind of go fall right back into our old life. That's what Samson did. Right? He said, "I can come back. I can shake myself again. It won't hurt. I I just missed these few service. It'll be okay. It'll be okay. I'm I'm not condemning you this morning, church. I'm just This is the way it happens to all of us. I'll just not read my Bible. I'm so busy. I I'll just quit praying. I'm so busy." Then one day, you fall off a cliff. And you wonder, young people, how did I fall off the cliff? That's right. Started back here. That's right. like running down an incline. You realize there's a point of no return. Especially when you're my size, you get to run the left down an incline, there comes a point of no return. Gravity is going to take over, right? You go going fast enough and you think, I've always been able to stop before, but there is a point at which you fall off. Yeah. And then you find yourself with a life broken and hurt, doing things you never thought you would do. That's right. How did I get there? How did the desert get dry? I just kept running. I just kept working. Just kept doing. Just kept pleasing the flesh and eventually I fell off. I know we don't like to hear these things, but it's just it's something I have to preach. I got to preach it for me. You got to preach it for my children, for my wife, for you. Amen. See, if we continue to treat the things of God carelessly, thinking we can pick them back up at any time, eventually we won't want to. What can we do about it, Brother Ben? I know all of us, I myself, I'm convicted this morning. I I want the water in my life. What can we do about it? Well, we got to be planted by the rivers of water. Amen. First of all, that he has to do that. He's done that for us. There is a river. Amen. There is water. It's available. It's here. We just got to grab a hold of it. We got to be planted by the rivers of water. We got to come to him and drink. Jeremiah 17:5, "Thus sayith the Lord, cursed be the man that trustth in man, maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the Lord. for he shall be like the heath in the desert. The heath is the juniper tree or the acacia bush. It's a a heath is is a a tree that lives in desert conditions. It's that stickery thorny tree that only provides so much shade and only can give so much fruit. It says the heath in the desert shall not see when good cometh. It's so dry that even if it got rain, it would keep its stickers. Why? Because it trusted in the in in the arm of flesh. Its heart departed from the Lord. Shall not see when good cometh, but shall inhabit the parched places, the desert, in the wilderness, in a salt land, and not inhabited. But blessed is the man that trusteth in the Lord, and whose hope the Lord is. For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadth out her roots by the river. God help me to be like that. Plant me in that place, Lord, that that shall not see when heat cometh, but her leaf shall be green, and shall not be careful, shall not be careful, doesn't roll up and get tight in the year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit. Oh my. What did Jesus say when when he stood up there that great day of the feast? He said, "He that believeth on me, as the scripture said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water." Hallelujah. The prophet said, David said, "He'll be like a tree that's planted by the rivers of water. Grant Lord, that the waters of life will water this bride tree in the last days where all the denominational branches have been pruned by the husband man. And now the spirit of God is living a new in the top of the tree which come from the heart of the tree. Brother Brandham taught us that the bride tree was cut down and cut back and pruned back until all that was left was the heart of it. But the heart is where the fruit comes from. That's where the life is. Yeah. Oh my. He said and that's what come the heart of the tree is the word. That's what we got to do. Make the word preeminent. Get it back. We don't we don't have gifts for the sake of gifts. We don't worship just for the sake of doing it. But we believe that the word is true. We're doing it because the heart is the word. What did the husbandman do? Come by and pruned it. See, it brought forth denominational fruit. Laid lemons on an orange tree. He pruned it off. Brought it forth. Kept up. But where's the heart of the tree? Right in the middle. He's pruned them all down till right in the top. He's got a seed down there in the root. Like a tree that's been planted by the rivers of water. He that takes God's love and laws and love in his heart. And where does the fruit ripen at quickly? In top of the tree. That's where we're at, church. Why are the lights on it? Amen. That's right. Right in the top of the tree. In this last day, he's bringing forth a bride tree. David said, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful." What does he do? He's removed himself from the desert. He said, "But his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law, he does meditate day and night. He shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit in the season. His leaf also shall not wither. Whatsoever he doeth shall prosper." This is a promise for our day. As there was a bridegroom tree, there is to be a restored bride tree. So you say, "Brother Ben, what can we do about it?" This is the hour when the fruits are supposed to be there. So we have a promise of rain. Listen what he says in Zechariah 10 and verse one. Ask ye, someone say it with me. Ask ye of the Lord rain in the time of the latter rain. So the Lord shall make bright clouds and give them showers of rain to everyone grass in the field. Jesus said in Matthew 7:7, "Ask and it shall be given you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. Do you want rain this morning? Ask him for it. I'm closing in just a moment. Caleb's daughter. I've told you this story before, but it just fits here. It was his daughter Axa who was had a little bit of her father's DNA in her. Remember Caleb asked for his mountain. He said, "Give me my mountain." And out of his inheritance, he gives his daughter an inheritance. I love it because he didn't just give his sons an inheritance, but his daughter. I believe she was a type of the bride. And she a as she asked him and and he gave her her inheritance and she discovered that her inheritance was a dry land. In fact, he told her it was in the south. It was in the Ngev desert and and you know so many of us if we find that we were in difficult places, we find we're in a trial. We're talking maybe a little bit more about that this afternoon, but we find ourselves in a desert financially or desert uh naturally. We think, well, it's just got to be that way. So, since I'm in a desert naturally, I'll be in a desert spiritually. But that's not actually the case. Are are you with me? You don't have to be in a spiritual desert because you're in a dry place in your life. Right now, look, what did she say? Judges 1:15, the Bible says she got down off of the donkey she was riding and she said unto him, "Give me a blessing." She'd already gotten her inheritance, but now she wanted a blessing. Listen to me, church. The the inheritance is ours. It's predestined to us. But I want a blessing on my inheritance. I want everything that God has for me. I don't want to be just a dried up stump. I don't want to be like a heath in the desert. I want to be like a tree that's planted by the rivers of water. And she said to him, "Give me a blessing. For thou hast given me a dry land, a south land, give me also springs of water. If I must have a dry land, if I must live in Leona, I need the presence of God like never before. I need the spirit flowing through my life. I need the word of God to be preeminent in my life." So she asked her, "Father, give me also springs of water." She said, "You've given me You've given me a dry place. You've given me a church." Maybe some of you have been dealt a bad hand or you think that it's a hard time or it's a difficult place that you're living in. But you can cry out to God and say, "God, I know I'm going through a trial. I know the lot that you've given to me is hard, but give me also springs of water. If I have your presence, I can bear the trial. If I have your presence, I can go anywhere, do anything. Give you've given me a desert land. Give me springs." And Caleb gave her upper springs for mountaintop experiences, nether springs or lower springs for those dry times, for those desert places. I live in Leodysa, but give me springs. Plant me by the rivers of water. musicians as you come. You know, the Sea of Galilee has three markers to let folks know how full the lake is. There's an upper red line where the flood begins. There's a lower red line which is 699 ft below sea level. As the Sea of Galilee is, I believe, the second lowest lake on earth. The lowest is the Dead Sea and where pumping should stop. In other words, they quit taking water out of it. The black line is at 703 ft. I didn't notice this till just now, but think about it. The difference is only 4 ft between the lower red line where they should stop pumping and the black line where irreversible damage occurs. So they try to keep it up to that line. Now that black line was reached in November 2001 and for years the lake remained desperately low and they tried all sorts of government programs. They quit pumping water out. They started desalinating their water, taking water and pouring it by hundreds and thousands and millions of gallons into the Sea of Galilee because it's so important to the land of Israel. And they couldn't make up the difference. They couldn't get it back up to where it ought to be. Oh, and I'm here to tell you this morning, by our own efforts, by by our worldly program, we're never going to get it back where it ought to be. You can have all the program in the world for the young people, it's never going to give them a desire for God in their heart. You can have all the program for every age and all the things that for people to do and the best singing and the best music and everything else, it'll never give them that desire in their heart. But there's got to be something real on the inside. All they needed was rain. And in one day in 2019, some of you all probably saw the news stories. In 2019, a miracle happened. They thought they'd never cuz of climate change and things like that. They thought they'd never see the Sea of Galilee full again. There were places that Jesus walked that we'd never see it like he saw it again because they said the water had gone down so much that irreversible damage occurred. And they tried all these programs but one day it started raining and and the first day it didn't stop and the second day it didn't stop and the third day it didn't stop. It rained for about a year and when it quit raining the water was all the way back. It was a miracle and nothing else could change it but the rain. I'm going to ask you this morning, where is your water at? Where is your spiritual spirituality this morning? Where's the desire of your heart? Is it at the black level? Is it at the middle level? Is it up the upper level? If it's anything below the top, we need to be asking for rain. Take a good appraisal today. Is there a desire for the things of God or could I just take it or leave it? And I hear people say, "Well, I could make this decision or that decision." And I'm thinking in my heart, that decision would take you out of church for the rest of your life. You wouldn't be able to come. Are you okay with that? You need rain. You need rain. People start complaining about every little thing. What do we need? Rain. We can try to make people happy in whatever way and I want to do that church, but let's have rain when everything else fails. Let the rain fall. Let it fall on our children, our young people. Let it fall on visitors. Let it fall on people that come by. Let it fall. Let it be a place that the weary traveler can stop by and feel the presence of God is still there and the people still care about the house of God. There's still a desire to go to church. There's a desire to worship. Oh, let us be that. Today, I'm asking you, where's your marker at? If your marker is anywhere from the top, then your place is at the altar. Your place, whether you come here or make your seat an altar, your place is at the altar. Say, Lord, I'm asking you for rain so my lake can be full. So I don't become all twisted and dried. so I don't start doing things that I wouldn't used to have done. Let me be full of your presence. Hallelujah. We bow our heads together and just feel his presence this morning. Let me be full. Lord, we're going to have a baptism service in the morning. A beginning. We see a little shoot springing up. beginning for a young man. Maybe others would like to be baptized. The water will be there for you. But but we see just a beginning getting started. But oh that the rain would come. Water that seed. Water that seed until until we could know till we could know that he were he was cared for by God. that we were cared for by God. Heavenly Father, I'm asking you this morning, we got another service today. We got a baptism of Lord, I'm asking you right now, Lord, send the rain. May your presence soften up my ground, oh God. May it change the atmosphere in my life. Oh, I don't want it just to be a camp experience, Lord, or just a revival experience. Let it be every day, God. Let me ask every day, Lord, soften me up. Well, no matter what position I hold in the church, I want to be tender. I want to be soft. I don't want to be turned into a desert. I don't want to drift. Change me, oh God. know my heart. Move me from a place of dryness to a place, Lord, where the ground is fertile, where the trees grow and the birds sing, where there's love and joy and peace and gentleness and longsuffering. I pray you'd grant it today. Lord, I thank you for these people who have listened patiently this morning. I pray you'd bless them, strengthen them, oh God, we pray in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Get out. If you need prayer, the altar's open. Pour your spirit out. Oh, just like the [Music] rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Oh, love. Lord, I want to be saturated again till I've got something to give. Oh, Lord. Oh, heal my heart. Oh, and make me home. Hallelujah. Oh, Lord, I need you. Pour your spirit out. Just make it your prayer. Just where you're at. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Oh, fall just like the rain. Oh, sate thirsty soul. Are you thirsty this morning? Come and fall aresh on me. Why don't you fill my cup again? Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you. I need you right now, Lord. Lord, I need you now. Pull your spirit out. Sing. Do we know the verses to that? Lord, I seek you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. Oh yeah. How I need your touch. Find my dry and broken places. Oh, find my dry and broken places. Oh God, thirsty for your love is where it starts. Church, let's just take a moment. I know we we got some time. Let's just take a moment. Lord, forgive me. Oh, if I wondered. Oh, Lord, far away from you. You are all I've ever needed. Come on, church. You are all I ever needed. Oh yes. Come and make me new. Oh, pour your spirit. me. Oh, just like the rain [Music] s my cup again. Heal my heart and make me holy. Lord, I need you for your spirit. Lord, I seek you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry and broken places thirsty for your love. Oh Lord, forgive me. Oh, church, maybe there's you like to just stand and say, "Lord, I need I need that I need that praying, Lord. I need that water. Oh, God. I need you to move, Lord. I need your water. All I've ever needed. Hallelujah. Oh, come and make me new. Oh, come on, church. Oh, pour your spirit. Glory to God. Oh, fall just like the rain. Hallelujah. Oh, sat my mercy so good. Come and fall aresh on me. Feel my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now. Have mercy. I Lord, I seek you. Amen. Tell him to see you this morning. Now I need your time. Find my drive for broken places, thirsting for your love. [Music] Lord forgive me if I want far away from [Music] you. You are all I ever needed. I renew. Won't you sing it now for your spirit? Oh, let it fall. Just like the rain saturate. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Oh, come and fall fresh on me. Won't you feel my cup my heart and make me home? Oh Lord, I need you now for your sweet. I just want us to church. We get so bound up and stickered up. We're afraid what somebody thinks of us. Some of you I I've I've pastored for years. Sister Fritz has been our friend. And but we all get [Music] dry. We all get dry. If there ever was a saint, Sister Fritz, but we all get dry. [Music] And if if a saint of God could need and feel the need for a baptism of the Holy Ghost for a refilling of the Holy Ghost, what about you and I this [Music] morning? You know, people need it more than you know that you do. You need his presence. I'm going to let you go, but I want you to hold this. Hold this in your heart. Let's not leave his presence when we go out of here. Let's let's be gentle and kind to one another and treat one another right. Not not not leave his presence. When we come back in this afternoon, we're going to preach again. We're going to have church again. It be another opportunity. Maybe you didn't break loose this morning. But you say, "Lord, I know I need [Music] it." There'll be water. Come everyone that is thirsty. He said, "Come unto me." What is he? He is the word. The word is being preached. There's water for you. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, as we go to the baptismal service, Lord, I pray that you would just move, Lord, in the heart of a young man, oh God, that wants to be right, wants to be saved. I pray that you'd fill him with the Holy Ghost. Lord, I pray for each one of us, God. When we gather back, Lord, in this place, may this spirit not leave us. May we think about these things, Lord. We don't want the things of God to get old to us. We want your presence. Pour your spirit out, oh God. Grant it, Lord. May it keep falling through the day. Our reservoir get filled up until this afternoon. is not just another service, but there's a hunger in our heart to be in the house of God. Grant it, Lord, we pray. Hallelujah. What I'm going to have you do is is go right out that back door and right directly if you would refrain from shaking hands till after and we'll just go ahead and be dismissed after the baptism service. God bless you. If you need to go home, God bless you. We're going to the baptism. Thirsty soul. Hallelujah. coming forth fresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Oh, gravity, Lord. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Thank you, Lord. Lord, I need you now for your spirit.
