################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - "Faith, Received by Hearing the Word, Increased by Signs of His Presence" Pastor Ben Pruitt 7/9/25 - Ben Pruitt - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   "Faith, Received by Hearing the Word, Increased by Signs of His Presence" Pastor Ben Pruitt 7/9/25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAWyu1EIz88
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, we were and so worthy still for us. He chose to die and he has Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Give the Lord a big clap of praise tonight. You be in the house of the Lord this evening on Wednesday night. Amen. You're sounding good tonight. Amen. All these young people on the front, I tell you, they make like a choir up here and it sounds real good. Just keep on singing. I I like that. And as our ushers would come this evening, I don't have a lot of requests this evening. We do have uh Sister Karen's ask, please continue to pray for the Mandy Phil Gillespie, the Gillespie family. uh very urgent need there. So just remember them in prayer. And also uh Brother Bruce Sims is not here this evening. He's not feeling well. So just remember him in prayer. Yeah. Remember the the families of those in Texas lost so many loved ones and and things like that. Such a devastation there. Amen. We can only imagine how they feel, but just remember them in your prayers. Amen. If you have a need on your heart tonight, you know, I'm going to have brother Danny take the needs of the Lord. Just hold your hand up to the Lord tonight. [Music] Heavenly Father, we're thankful this evening, Lord, for the honor and privilege you've gave us to be back in your house to worship you, Father. We just pray that our songs of praise and worship would be a blessing to you, Father, as you look down on us tonight. May you touch all of these requests, Father, they've been made known, Brother Bruce, and the different ones that are sick. Father, that you heard each and every request, Father. We ask you to be merciful to the all the ones that are affected by the floods. Father, we know that these people are their hearts are grieved. Father, we just ask you to be with them. Be merciful, Father. We ask you to come in this service, Father, now. May you bless brother Ben as he comes in a few minutes father to minister your word to us. Open our hearts father and get open our minds of understanding Lord that we might receive what you have for us tonight. Lord we ask that your blessings would be on each one here. The ones that couldn't be here father we ask your blessings on this offering and in everything we do here tonight. In your name we ask. Amen. [Music] your name. I bless your name and I give you. You are your true and I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. [Music] It sh [Applause] Oh, and they pray that And they [Music] begin to see. [Music] All their chains were loosed and they were free. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. And I give you honor. [Music] I give you praise. For you are you are the life. You're the truth, the way. [Music] Oh, I bless your name [Music] and I bless. I like this second verse. Let me hear you sing it. Oh m [Applause] you should find [Music] the [Music] pes in your mouth. Reach out and pray. Defy those chains and they will fall. They'll fall. Oh, in Jesus name. with all your hearts now. Oh, I bless your name and I bless your name. Yes, I do. I give you honor. [Music] Oh, I give you praise. [Music] You are the You're the truth, the way. And I bless your name. [Music] Oh, I bless. Sing the chorus again as sister Ella comes to sing for us now with all your hearts. Oh, I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. Can we worship him now church? I give you honor. Oh, I give you praise. For you are the life. You're the truth, the way. [Applause] And I bless your name. I bless your name. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise if you love him tonight. [Applause] [Music] Smoke clouds all around. Couldn't see your face. Darkness consume me. Stuck in the bitterness. But I know there's a light that's waiting up ahead. So stay in the fight and look to the one who said, "Hold on just a little bit longer. I know it's going to be okay. These days are going to make you stronger. You'll find purpose in the pain. Hold on just a little bit longer. Deep down there's a well of faith that hope will rise as you're lifting up my name. [Music] And just hold on. Your promise still stands. It's chasing after me. The rainbow through storm clouds is how I'm going to see that there is a life that's waiting up ahead. So, I'll stay in the fight and look to the one who said, "Hold on just a little bit longer." I know it's going to be okay. These days are going to make you stronger. You'll find purpose in the pain. Hold on just a little bit longer. Deep down there's a will of faith. Let hope arise as you're lifting up my name. And just hold on. [Music] Just wait till you see what's at the end of the road. A new life is ready to unfold. Hold on just a little bit longer. I know it's going to be okay. These days are going to make you stronger. You'll find purpose in the pain. Hold on just a little bit longer. I know it's going to be okay. These days are going to make you stronger. You'll find purpose in the pain. Hold on just a little bit longer. I know [Music] they let hold as you're lifting up my name. [Music] Just hold on. [Music] Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Just hold on. [Applause] Did you enjoy that tonight? Amen. We're going to we're going to stand and sing this one here. It's Wednesday nights and I try to wake you up on Wednesday nights, but tonight I kind of need woke up myself. So y'all help me sing this one if you would. Turn up. Thank you. I need something behind me here to wake me up tonight. Well, Satan, your kingom's coming down. Oh, Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Well, I heard a voice from my God saying, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down." Well, I said, "Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down." Yes, we are. Oh, I said, "Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down." Well, I heard a voice from heaven saying, "Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down." Well, I know preachers are going to preach your kingdom down. Oh, I said preachers are going to preach your kingdom down. Well, I heard a voice from saying, "Oh, preachers are going to preach your kingdom down." Oh, I said, "Satan, we're going to bring your kingdom down." Oh, Satan, we're going to bring your kingdom down. Well, I pray. Oh, Satan, we're going to bring your kingdom down. Well, I said, Satan, your kingdom staying down. You hear that tonight? Oh, Satan, your kingdom staying down. Well, I heard a voice from heaven saying, "Satan, your kingdom staying down." Well, I said, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down." You believe that tonight? Well, Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Oh, yes. I heard from my God saying, "Oh, Satan, I like this. We're going to tear you down. Oh, Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down." Well, I said Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. Yes, we are. Will I from heaven say Satan? I preach too well. Preachers are going to preach your kingdom down. Oh, preacher are going to preach your kingdom down. Well, I heard a voice from heaven saying, "Preachers are going to preach your kingdom down." Well, I said, "Satan, your kingdom staying down." Oh, yes. Satan, your kingdom stand down. Well, I heard a voice from heaven saying, "Satan, your kingdom staying down." Give the Lord a big hand of praise. Amen. How many's looking forward to the meetings coming up? It's a week from tomorrow. Amen. And I believe we're just going to have a wonderful time in the Lord. But how many's ready to have church tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's add in a song if we can. I'll fly away in the key of G. I need to just pick this up a little bit. Pastor told me to sing you happy and y'all are sounding good tonight. So, I'm just going to let you all sing this one. Well, somewhere I'll hear you now. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. I way [Music] I go my way. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Give the Lord another big hand clap of praise. Everybody's ready for the word of the Lord tonight. Amen. We're going to sing this is one. I haven't sang this one much, so you'll have to help me with it, but Amen. Aren't you glad we've got somebody that cares about us tonight? Amen. You know, through all the hard times and and everything, you know, the world ain't going to get no easier for us. But I can tell you this, we have a rock. We have somebody we can go to and who we can who holds us in the palms of his hand. He knows your name. He knows everything about you and he loves you. Aren't you glad for that tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give the Lord another big hand clap of praise. Amen. As our pastor comes, let's just sing this with all our hearts now. Oh yes. Someone to care. [Music] the one to share all your troubles like no other can do. [Music] He'll come down from the sky. Brush the tears from your eyes. You're his child and he came for you with all your hearts now. Oh, we have someone to care, someone to share. You believe that tonight? [Music] Yes, he does. Oh, he'll come down from the sky. Brush the tears from your eyes. You're his child and he cares for you. Oh, if you believe it, can you sing it like you mean it now? We have to share like no other. Oh, he'll come down from the sky. Brush the tears from your eyes. You're his child and he cares for you. Can we sing that one more time? You believe he cares about you tonight? You've got someone to care. Aren't you glad for it? Someone to share all your trouble like no other can do. Oh, he'll come down from the sky, brush the tears from your eyes. for his child and he cares for you. Let's bow our heads together for a moment of prayer. Heavenly Father, it's so grateful to we're so grateful to be in your house once again, Lord, and to know that you are someone who cares for us. You care about everything that we do, everything that we are. We thank you for that, Lord. I pray you'd help us to know it tonight, to have it by revelation, Lord, that you care. And Lord, that may create a care in us, Father, that we would care for the things, Lord, that you have told us to do. I pray you'd grant it, Lord, for you'd reveal your word to us tonight. Heal the sick if there are any. You bless them, Lord. Strengthen them, oh God. For you'd grant, Lord, a peace and strength to this audience tonight and those that'll watch. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Romans chapter 10. Romans chapter 10 verse1 17. And we'll also read from Luke chapter 17 and verse 5. Romans 10:17 and Luke 17 and5. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. So many of you all made it out tonight. God bless you. Thank you for coming. Romans 10:17. So then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Amen. Luke 17 and5 and the apostles said unto the Lord increase our faith. And the Lord said, "If you had faith as a grain of a mustard seed, you might say to this psychamine tree, be thou plucked up by the root and be thou planted in the sea, and it should obey you." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. My title's so long I can't remember it tonight. It's hard to get old, isn't it? There it is. Faith received by hearing the word and increased by signs of his presence. I want us to think about that tonight as we as we hear the word and just trust we'll have a wonderful time in the Lord. Faith is the foundation of everything. How many know that tonight? Faith is the foundation of everything. And that faith is given by God. Before we get started, Brother Joel, did you announce Sunday what we're doing Sunday? Uh sorry, we're just we're just flying by the seat of our pants here tonight. So y'all, uh Sunday, we're we're having one service and then our second service, uh we we want you to be here. If you can, we're going to have a very special time. We're going to clean the church in the fellowship hall. So, anybody that can be here and help us with that after we eat, we'll eat like we normally do. If you want to stay and help us do that for the meetings, we we sure. So, but we'll just have one service and then we'll do that. We tried last year to have a second service and then clean and it was it was tiresome, I know, to many of you. So, we'll try to do that differently this year. So, one service Sunday and then bring your old clothes so you can clean in those if you can do that. Faith is the foundation of everything. How many believe that tonight? Everything rests on faith. The Bible tells us that without faith it is impossible. Someone say that with me tonight. Impossible to please God. And so faith is given by God. It is the foundation of everything. Romans 12:3 says, "For I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly according has as God hath dealt to every man a measure of faith." So, we are given a deposit or a measure of faith by grace or we couldn't even be saved. We had to have that. That's the operation of God. Colossians 2:12 says, "We are buried with him in baptism, wherein also you are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God who hath raised him from the dead." That worth word operation is the energy of God, the uh the action of God. So the faith is actually God's act in us that causes us to be saved. It's not our act, but it's God's act. You say, "I believe." And it was actually God that believed through you to cause you to come to him. And brother Brandon puts it this way. He said, "Now," he said, "the predestinated plan is in plain view." He said, "Just as other seed, the word of God is a seed and must have the ground prepared beforehand." He said, "If you swed seed, just throw it out there on the ground, it would do no good. The birds would pick it up. You throw it among thistles and thorns, it'll choke it out pretty soon." He said, "So the ground has to be made ready first." So God in sovereign grace. Aren't you glad for grace tonight prepares the heart first. He prepared you before the foundation of the world to receive him in this age. He forneew you by his fornowledge. We talked about that on Sunday. Ordained you to eternal life. He knew you. Therefore, he prepared you. He said that's the reason you staggered out of these things and staggered into what you have now. It was God leading you to the place where he had ordained for you to be. And so it seemed to you like you staggered out of one thing, staggered into another thing, happened out of one thing, happened into another thing, but it was actually God preparing the ground, preparing you for a time you could receive and have faith to believe. We see ordained you to eternal life. He said if this ground isn't prepared beforehand, it can't grow. He said that's the reason the seed of faith when you're preaching faith see the discernments of the Lord and see what takes place and he said all the gifts of the Bible working. So we see that happen. He said people work themselves up. Oh hallelujah. I believe it and come up and find themselves disappointed. He said see the ground has to be for ordained. Oh my. You realize what a blessing it is to be able to receive from God, to have the faith to reach out and grab a hold of salvation, grab a hold of healing or whatever it is that you have. What is that? That faith is given to you. It's a gift of God. He has pre-ordained you to be able to do that. Listen, he said many of them will come and they get worked up, but they don't have faith. And he said, see, the ground has to be for ordained. He said, you know, when it strikes it. So, we know that the word preach doesn't give everyone real faith, right? It it the word preach, we know causes you to have faith because that's what Paul says. He said, "Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God." So, faith comes by hearing to those who are pre-ordained to faith because he said, "Have they not all heard?" Right? Many heard and were not pre-ordained to faith. So the word preached doesn't give everyone real faith. In other uh if it if that was the case, then we could go just preach out on the streets and whoever heard it would have faith and be a Christian. But they are not Christians. Why? Not because they don't hear, but because they don't. Brother Random called it understand. He said they don't understand. But an eagle understands. There's something about them, something God put in you to understand the word and have faith to believe it. So in Hebrews chapter 4 and:e 2 it says unto us was the gospel preached that dwells unto them but the word preached did not profit them not being mixed with faith and them that heard it. So it wasn't just that the the word brought faith but they had to have faith in order to receive it. Now and now are you following me so far? So brother Brandham said he's talking about people that would come up in the prayer line and and I want you to think about something for a little while. Why did brother Brandham uh do the gifts that he the gifts that he had? Why did he perform that in front of people? We know the third poll was to be done right away from people uh quietly without any public show, but the first two were to be done on the platform. Why did brother Brandham perform those things on the platform? There's a reason. We'll get to it in just a moment. Now, so brother Brandon talks about how that he said people coming up to the platform or people sitting in the audience. He said, "What's the difference of you standing here or sitting where you're at?" He said, "But it's going to take some faith to do that." He said, "So, if you're going to receive it where you're sitting, it's going to take some faith to do that. It's going to take your faith plus my faith with God's faith. Mix it together and my faith and your faith will fade out and God's faith will become predominant and the works will be done. That's what I want. That's what I want in these meetings. That's what I want in all of our services that we could bring our faith, my faith, the preacher's faith, your faith, but also God's faith could be anointed and it would actually our faith would fade out and his faith would predominate. So our faith is not evil. In fact, it's necessary. But we need his faith to do the work. Now, brother Ram said, "I can't make you believe. Neither can you make yourself believe. God has got to give it to you." It's, you know, have you ever thought about that? Why do you believe, not because you made yourself believe, but because God gave you a gift of faith to believe? So, he said, "God has to give it to you. It's a gift of God to believe. Not your faith, God's faith. He said, "Your intellectual faith might believe it, fine. But unless the faith of God is down in your heart," he said, "See, your intellectual faith can accept it, do that and just keep believing it with all your heart until God does reveal it to you." He said, "Just keep believing it until God does reveal So, there's a level of faith that you can have in your intellect, but there's another level that you can have that's a revelation from God that says, "I know I've got it. I know I'm healed. I know I' I've received." But he said, "It's not wrong to have intellectual faith." In fact, it's not wrong for people to have their faith stirred. Can I go a little bit further? It's not even wrong for people to be worked up. Right? But but there's nothing there. Work up by itself won't do it. Right? Right. There's nothing wrong with having people's faith stirred. Brother Brandham did that all the time, but it's it's when it's got to go deeper than that for it to last. Right? So, and now Jesus is not saying now when when we read those two scriptures, the one Paul says that faith comes by hearing the word and then in the next one he said they said increase our faith and and and Jesus said, "Well, if you had faith as the grain of a mustard seed, you would say to this cycamine tree, be removed and it would be removed." them and he's but he's not saying faith cannot be increased. He's saying they had the wrong they had the wrong kind of faith. They had faith themselves but they didn't have pure mustard seed faith which can't be mixed. You see they they didn't have the right kind of faith because he said if you had even a little bit of the right of God's faith of the right kind of faith you could speak and it would happen. But they had intellectual human faith. But the Brandon said he spoke one time of the seed of a mustard. Faith is a grain of a mustard seed. The smallest mustard seed among the smallest seeds that there is in the earth today. But what is it? It won't mix with nothing. Right? Listen to this. But when a man takes a word of God, no matter how little that faith is, but it won't mix with any unbelief, it'll bring him out to the light. Some of us, he says, has great faith that'll just perform miracles. Some of us has some has faith just to hold on till it happens. I think that's probably most of us. But if it's genuine faith once a hold of it, there's nothing going to shake you from. So it's not so much that you maybe would have your faith would be large enough that you could just grab a hold of it right now. But your faith is to hold on. Right. Right. So you can see you maybe your healing's not here yet. Your the salvation of your children and your faith is not so great. Maybe that you could just see a miracle, but you say, "Lord, I'm not giving up on my faith. I'm believing that they're coming. I'm believing you're going to work it out. I'm believing things." How many have have held on to things like that for years? What makes you hold on to that? Is that pure faith that comes from God? Something inside of you that won't let you let go, that won't let you go out and and forget it all and just say, "I'm done with it." But it's something inside of you that holds you with the word. Now listen. So he said some has faith just to hold on till it happens. But if it's genuine faith wants a hold of it there's nothing going to shake you from it. It ain't going to mix. Then that person is persistent. He has perseverance. He said no matter how many people says the days of miracles has passed, he doesn't believe it. He holds on because he's met the conditions and sunk that word into a heart of faith that believes it. Right? He planted the seed and he put up the sign. we talked about Sunday that said, "This is what I planted on this day and I'm not giving in. I'm not giving up. I'm going to receive a crop of what I planted." Right? Amen. So now saying that, so we need the right kind of faith. We need God's faith, right? And and saying that though, you say, "Well, brother Ben, I guess I just, you know, I just have a little bit of faith." But our faith can be increased, right? Right. It can be increased. The Bible says that 2 Corinthians 10:15, not boasting of things without our measure. He said that is of other men's labors, but having a hope when your faith is increased. So Paul says right now, he said, "We're we're having to deal with you." He's talking to the Corinthian church. He said, "I'm having to treat you like babies." Right? That's what he told him. He said, "You're like a bunch of babies." He said, "But there's coming a day by," he said, "I hope there is that I have hope that when your faith is increased, or I expect that when your faith is increased, we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly to preach the gospel in the regions beyond you, not to boast in another man's line of things made ready to our hands." In other words, he said, "I believe that we're going to work with you until your faith is increased to the point that you can be a help to somebody else." Don't you want your faith increased like that? until you're not just a receiver, but you're actually a giver, you're not just a taker, but you're actually helping somebody else. So faith is increased by the word. Right? Now, faith cometh by hearing. That's true. It's increased by the word, but it's not just the letter of the word, but it's increased by the word made manifest. Look, brother said, "Faith only grows in one vitamin. It only has one vitamin. Don't have to have any mixture at all. Faith grows in one vitamin. That's the word. He said that's the only thing faith can grow in is the word. And the only way it can grow is because it believes the word. And it has to take all the word and believe it's true. Brother Ram said that was vitamin L. Vitamin L for life. That's what faith grew by. So faith grows by the life of the word. Now, Brother Brandham notices a a move among the Pentecostals in 1961. You find him addressing this in 1961 and not at any other time that I could find in his ministry. He just addressed it that one year. He addressed something called super duper faith. Have you ever heard that term? He said some of these guys come along, they think they have super duper faith. He said, and and they come along and they they they say, "Well, here's the man of the hour, the miracle worker, right? and he's going to heal everybody. He's going to empty the hospitals and change everything. And we know that that's not how faith works. Right? Brother Brandham always told him, "I can't heal anybody, right? You've already been healed. I come to increase your faith in one who can do it." But now he talks about these Pentecostes having super duper faith. And he saw faith, but no repentance, miracles, but they didn't last. Yeah. And he said I different with some of our brothers just laying hands on this that and the other like that and saying some kind of a super duper faith will do it. He said that's not it. You got to have genuine solid I have a Holy Ghost faith. See it don't it will not last. It's not lasting. Now, it wasn't wrong for them to lay hands on someone, but they were laying hands on people and pronouncing them healed, right? And saying that they were healed when they when they were not or they were temporarily healed and then it didn't last because there was no repentance that went along with it. Again, he said, "It isn't some preacher with some high super duper faith." He said, "I don't believe in those things. I believe that faith comes by hearing the word of God, and the individual ought to straighten his life up and get right with God if he expects to get healed." So when we have a prayer line, when we as we're thinking about these things, we're going to Lord willing have a prayer line during the meeting. When we have a prayer line, we're not looking for super duper faith for some man to just touch somebody and the people to be healed. What we're looking for is to fulfill the word of God, to manifest the word of God, and then if there's something we need to repent of, let's repent of it. Let's get it out of the way. Let's take care of that first so our healing will last. Amen, sir. Right. So there will be so there'll be a lasting effect of it and it won't be just a momentary excitement and then we're done. But it'll be something that we can take home with us and years later we'll look back and say that's when something real happened in my life. That's what we want. So super duper faith and you can read he says many other things about it mostly in just that year 1961. But it's faith based on the man or the emotion instead of the word. He said they get them in a prayer line and shake them until something happens. He said make them repeat words till they speak in tongues. He said that may work temporarily, but it isn't based on the faith of God. And and and yet we could take that far so far that some people would say, well, if we have faith by the word, faith cometh by hearing, why don't we just listen to preaching? Why do we need prayer lines? Why do we need special meetings? Why do we need a move of the spirit? I think we still need those things. Because it's those things when they're right. Yeah. That manifests the word to us. Yes. Because there are signs of his presence. See, when God is there, he does something. Just like if someone was in your house and you come home, there's signs of their presence. Right. Right. If I come home and and the the air conditioning is turned up and there and the lights are all off and the dog is still in his cage, I know my wife is not there, right? Cuz there's certain things that when my wife comes home, she's going to do. She's going to let the dog out first, make sure it has food and water, and then I get food and water after the dog, you know. But she going to make sure she takes care of the dog and she's going to make sure she takes care of certain things in the house. So when I walk in, I don't, you know, I don't have to see her, but I see signs of her presence. Oh, church. You realize when God is in the sanctuary. Come on. There are signs of his presence. The signs aren't him, but it just tells us he's there. Oh my. So, we believe the word and then we look for signs of his presence because if the word is true, it works. Right. It works. It does something. It don't just sit there as a dead letter. It don't just create a intellectual revival, but it creates a real revival. So, something you can feel, something you can know, something that you can touch and and know that it's there. Even we don't go by those things, but yet those things are signs that he is around us. Are you with me now? We go by the word. Whether we feel it, whether we touch it, whe whether the five senses declare it, we go by the word. But when he is here, come on. There are signs of his presence. Right. I always know when the church is in revival and when we begin to get we begin to pull back a little bit, there's signs. Yeah. Come on. Right. Frowns turn into smiles. People who are hard get soft. There's less bickering and less fighting and less criticizing. When we're in his presence, right? There's less wondering about what's going on in your life and saying, "Woe is me and and why did I why do I have to deal with this?" There's less questions when you're in his presence. Yeah. But when you're just when you're you're just going by the word, and that's a good thing. We want to go by the word. We always go by the word. And yet there's times he's good to us because we're human beings and he shows us that he's alive. He shows us that he's still here. Aren't you glad he still does that? Cuz we're not a bunch of robots. We still need to feel the presence of the Lord. We still need to have joy in his presence. We still need to feel that peace among us. We still need to know that he's with us, that he cares about us. We're not a bunch of robots. God didn't call robots to lead the church. He didn't make mechanical devices to preach the gospel. He called flesh and blood men. Men that felt pain that knew those things. Why? Because they could empathize with his people. Yes. Who went through those same things. Oh, God. And we preach the word, but we don't preach it in a clinical way or a textbook way, but we preach it with passion. And we preach it uh through a life that's lived out as we are being corrected by the word. We correct by the word. Are you with me now? As we are being changed, we preach a changing word. As we are being filled, we preach a filling word. Listen what Paul says. He says, "For our gospel came not of you in word only, but also in power and in the Holy Ghost, in much assurance as you knew what manner of men we were among you for your sake." So, in other words, you watched our lives. You had much you were you were confident we were men of God and you saw the works of the Holy Spirit in our lives. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom but in demonstration of the spirit and of power that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men but in the power of God. Yes. So brother Brandon puts that this way. He said the gospel came to us not in word only through gasoline only but through spark also to make it move the mechanics and the dynamics. Mark 16:18 says they that's the believers shall take up serpents and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. See, we can talk about the word. We can know the word. But when we see the word manifested, it increases our faith. And we need our faith to be increased. Listen, I'm not judging you, church. I'm not looking down on you. I need my faith to be increased. I need more faith to believe God's going to take care of things. I need more faith to believe I don't have to worry about it. I need more faith to believe things are going to be okay. Yes, sir. Right. In this dark world that we're living in, only faith can produce an atmosphere that'll bring those seeds out of the ground that we've seen planted. Only faith can make the word work. So, we must see our faith increase. How are we going to That's why we have meetings. That's why we bring people together. That's why we try to bring an atmosphere in the services. Why? That our faith might be increased. Hallelujah. That's why when we all gathered together and brother Brandham and I this was prompted brother Joel read that quote and it's always been a dear quote to me but I saw it maybe in a different way than I had before as brother Brandon talks about that atmosphere of faith that was created in a church and he makes that profound statement that where the where faith is preached from the word the children live we want live children not dead children so faith is preached from the word and let the children live. And I've pondered on that and thought about it. Brother Brand talked about how a person would get healed and then they would wait a stranger would come in. He said they would they would come in and he said they would come to say come to our house and let us tell you what God has done. Let us tell you about the miracles that God has done. Let us tell how we got healed, how we were raised from the dead, all of these things. said, "I got thinking about that." And so many times what happens if a church gets cold on God, you begin to backslide a little bit. Then what happens? A stranger will come in and the first thing they hear is gossip and dissension and and this one against that one and what preacher is right and and what person in the church has the right idea. And they begin to hear all about our differences and things and oh to God that we could have faith to the point where if a stranger come in, they'd hear about what God was doing among us. Right. Very good. So when we all gather together, there's more of those stories. Right. And we look at some people. If you work with people as long as I've worked with people in this area, I've been coming in this area and preaching for 25 years, I guess. And if you work with people that long, eventually you you you know those stories. You know that God delivered. Yeah. God saved. But I couldn't recite many of them to you. But when I see somebody I know, there's a person who was in brother Randler's meetings. There's a person a little bit younger that preached a sermon. I remember they got gloriously delivered and come out of drugs and alcohol and here they are still serving the Lord. I remember I was in that service. Some of y'all I can remember when you got saved. You see, I remember that. Brother Herald, you've been around long enough. You remember a lot of those stories and those things you can know. I remember when this one got saved. They're a deacon now, but I remember when they first come come to the Lord. They were a a trustee or they're a a song leader or a preacher, but I remember what they were like before. And we shouldn't look at that and say, "Well, I remember what they were. It makes me look down on them." It ought to be something that we can say, "Lord, what a marvelous God you are. I remember what they were, but I remember what I saw what you did in their life. How you changed them." All right. But see, when we gather together, there's more of those stories and you begin to realize that God is working. Yes. Yes. And it helps us and it helps the people that visit. Yeah. Right. Right. It helps those who come around. Cuz sometimes on our Wednesdays, there's good crowd here tonight for a Wednesday night. And but sometimes it gets scarce on Wednesdays and even the pastor can get discouraged. You know, you get to the place where you feel like, well, you know what? what what are we doing? And God's doesn't seem like much is happening. There's miracles happening we don't even know about right now. And when we gather together, it's why I've never tried to hold it back or say, "Well, so many can come and we'll just stop." No, I I want as many to come as will come because I feel like there's more of those stories and more of those people and that that that that know God is real that can believe for me and for my children, for your children, right? I want that. So we we come together and our faith has increased. That's why you know when you watch the videos of brother Brandham and I I encourage you to do that. We played one here on a Wednesday night here in the church and faith just dropped into the building and and you could see it on people's faces and and some of our kids maybe haven't seen that and be good for them to see it. Be good for us to watch it again because we're seeing what God did in our day and it builds our faith. It increases our faith. Listening to tapes increases our faith because we hear we're not just reading it but we're hearing what God actually did. Yes. Amen. And so it increases our faith. And that's what gifts are for. Brother Brandon said a minister could preach the word. He said I'm not a preacher. I beg to differ with him on that. I don't differ with brother Brandon about much but he said I'm not a preacher. He said the minister could preach the word. He could make it so plain to you that you'd accept it like that. He said then God's good. He said, "If you couldn't take my word for it, that would be enough. But not God." No. He moves every stone. I love this. That can be moved to see if he can get you to believe. See, God's not like somebody, well, if they can't accept the word, we'll just cut them out of our fellowship. That's not what God does. God said, "I'm going to move every stone and to get you to believe." Brother Brandham says that many times. In fact, he says that in deep calls to the deep. If you've listened to it, you know he he he stands there and he says, "If I was God," he said, "I would send my word and that'd be enough." He said, "But he sends gifts and ministers and different things all down through history to show us that he is real to declare himself to us." Oh, I'm so glad that he does. He moves every stone that can be moved to see if he can get you to believe. Then he sends his spirit into us. Sometimes it works in different ways. He sends it into us to reveal himself and it's never through the history through the ages look back through anywhere hasn't been revealed. He said in this manner until today church we our faith ought to be increased by seeing what God did in our day and what he's doing right now. Yes, Abraham had faith. Sure he did. He held on for 24 years. And that last year was going to be tough, but he had held on and all of a sudden he had to have an increase of faith to receive the promise. Yeah. God knew that. He didn't just tell Abraham, "Well, I said it. You're just going to have to believe it." But what did God do? God came down. Took some dust together, created a body, come down to talk to Abraham in the heat of the day by in the plane of memory. Why did he do that? He didn't have to do that. He'd already told Abram what would happen. But he did it because to increase Abraham's faith to grow that faith to the promise of the hour. And God come down in our day and showed us the sign of the son of man to increase our faith. Look, when the secret of his heart was revealed, Abraham's faith grew. He said, "Where's your wife Sarah?" Right? And said, "She's in the tent behind you." He said, "At this the time appointed, Sarah shall have a son." And Sarah said, "Not me." And she said it in her heart. And the angel said, "Why did Sarah laugh? God knows your heart." You can imagine Abraham's faith. Maybe he was getting pretty pretty down. These were men like you, people like us. Sarah had gotten so down where she couldn't even believe it when the angel said it. But Abraham, there was something about him. He recognized this was a different kind of guy than just another normal guy. He looked past the dust and saw a deity. And so he was when he said that something in his fa his heart quickened. He said, "He didn't know her. He didn't know." And she even said, "I didn't laugh." He said, "Oh, but you did." What was it that knew her heart? It was Jehovah God. And it gave Abraham faith to believe that he could he could have a body change. Oh, I believe that same things happened in our day. Elijah had faith. We know he had faith. In fact, he had so much faith that he called for a showdown, right? And and there was a there was a a fire come down on the altar. I've always loved that God didn't even leave dust on the altar. The fire consumed the water and the dust. And Abraham believed God so much or or Elijah rather believed God so much that he had him pour water all over the f the sacrifice because he knew how hot the fire of God was. Right? And so he he was okay with doing that. And so he he had faith. But he ran from a woman a few days later. And the same man that had faith needed an angel with soft hands wipe his brow. Come on, preach. The same people who believe the word, I I know that you believe the word. I know you go by the word. You don't go by feelings and emotion, but that same people are human beings that need the angel of the Lord to come by sometimes and give us just let us feel his presence. Elijah had faith, but when he saw a cloud, see, what was it? A sign that God was fulfilling his word. He saw a cloud the size of a man's hand, but it was enough. Oh, we're looking for great big things, but many times God, the signs of his presence are little things, and they increase our faith. He saw a cloud the size of a man's hand. He ran faster than a Ahab's chariot and said, "I hear the sound of abundance of rain." Hallelujah. It'll take an old man like that, make him run faster than a a chariot, a team of horses. What was it that did that? It was faith increased in his heart. We see God fulfilling his word. Our faith has increased. I think back, you know, it's only been what has it been a couple months that we had an American pope was elected. And I was getting phone calls and people saying, "Boy, the bride's going to come together and everything." And we kind of forgot. But why did that do that? I think God allowed that to happen to increase our faith. Yeah. Right. He He's still there. We're farther down the road than we were. I'll tell you that. I don't know what it all means, but I know we're much farther down the road than what we were. That hasn't changed, but we get so busy with life. But what was that for? I believe God allows these things to happen. Let's see it. Many things happen behind the scenes, but these things that we can see happen to increase our faith. And you look at Moses. Moses had faith. And yet, he didn't have enough faith. Come on. To go up and take a a superpower and take them on, right? He needed a special kind of faith, increased faith to go down to Egypt and take over. So, what does he do? God says, "I'm going to give you two signs." All right? I'm going give you a sign in the hand, and I'm going to give you uh the second sign. And brother Brandham had two signs as well. And with those two signs, his faith was increased. Why? Why do people act like they don't need an increase of faith? I don't need meetings. I don't need church services. I don't need preachers. I don't need hands laid on me. I don't need prayer lines. Have you become immortal and suddenly you you turned into an angel? I believe we still need an increase of faith because we're human beings for our bodies, for our spirits, to get us in a place where our souls, a faith of our soul can increase and the faith of God can predominate in our lives. Very good. See, a lot of people today, you just hang with me for a minute. I I really believe that a lot of people today, if someone come along, now we know it wasn't it's not for anybody else. It was just for brother Brandham, right? But if someone come along with a sign in the hand like brother Brandham had, a lot of us would look at that and say, why? What's the purpose? Why would God do that? It's kind it's almost silly. A sign in the hand. Do you do you remember what that was? The first poll, brother Brandon would take someone by the hand and know what was wrong with them because the veins would come up on his hand and the germs would give a certain pattern on his hand. He would know what was wrong with him by the sign of the hand. That's interesting, isn't it? And a lot of us today would look at that and say, "Well, don't want nothing to do with that. Bunch of Pentecostals, believe something like that." But God was doing it. Yeah. People weren't ready to believe in the second poll yet. Yeah. So, they had to have the first poll. Very good. Right. And then it led to the second poll. And then those who believed in the first sign, they saw the second sign and he knew the secrets of the heart. So, it's a much greater thing. Yeah. But we shouldn't discount what God was doing. We shouldn't discount what God was doing in the first poll because God was doing something that hadn't been done before just to show that he was still God and to increase their faith. Look, brother Brandham had that sign all the way through his ministry. It didn't leave him, but he just moved on to the second pole, but that first poll kept operating. He he could do it uh anytime that he uh uh that he chose to. Now, if you look uh in 1950, he says this. He said, "Now," he said, "I want you you to see something here, young man, to increase your faith." Now, at this time, Brother Brandham had already moved on to the second pole. But he said, "Now watch." He said, "I want you to take your hand off of mine. I want you to look here at my hand. My arm just look like yours or any other man's, doesn't it?" He said, "Let's have your hand over here just a moment. See how it doesn't have any effect at all on my hand there, does it?" He said, "Now take your other hand, lay it on there. Now, watch what happens now. Start swelling." But what did he tell him? He said, "Young man, I want you to see something. going to increase your faith, right? So, why did he have to see that? Because he's human, right? And we need to see signs of his presence. Again, he said, "That's why I'm here tonight is because I believe that if God can do something through me to increase your faith to accept the son of God as your healer, then you'll get healed." Amen. Again, he said in 1954, "I stand as a servant to represent him to you in a way of increasing your faith for your healing." Oh, don't we want our faith to be increased tonight? He said, "That's what that was for, to increase our faith in in healing." He said in his presence, he said, "I trust that God will do something to increase your faith that you'll get healed and be made well." Again, in 1964, he said, "Always remember what we're here for is to try to increase your faith." You say, "Well, it can't be increased." Absolutely, it can. Increase your faith in his presence that you might receive that which you ask for. Then by faith you believe. Again, in 1965, he said, "It's my purpose here now to try to get every man, not to change your theologies or nothing, but to increase your faith in God's promise of this day." Why did God show signs of his presence? Because he wanted us to know he was here. He wanted us to receive the word when it come. We needed the first pull to receive the second pull. We needed the second pull to receive the third pull which was the opening of the word. Yes, we still need signs of his presence to increase our faith. Now those particular signs were for one ministry, one to an age. But when we see the word for us vindicated in our own lives, it increases our faith. I think this will help you young people. I hope it will. It's helped me over the years. It's when you see yourself acting like a Christian, that's when you begin to believe you're a Christian. That's right. Many times the devil will fight you. You'll have an experience. You'll go to camp. You'll be here at the altar and the devil will fight you on that. He'll just he'll just tear you up on that cuz he'll say, "It wasn't real." People will even disappoint you and discourage you on that. Say it wasn't real. It wasn't nothing. Oh, I've seen them come up 50 times before. Aren't you glad if they didn't get it 49 times that they were willing to come up a 50th time? Amen. I don't want to discourage our children from seeking the Lord. We still need those signs of his presence. But you young people, you know, you you you'll see that and but watch for those areas of your life. Suddenly you begin to serve the Lord and and and maybe you made some mistakes but you the desire for that went away and you realize I just don't want to do that no more. I want to be in church. I want to serve the Lord. I want to be a a good Christian. And when you realize that about yourself, you didn't do that for yourself. Something did that. What is that? It's it's a sign of his presence. Amen. Then you ought to uh you ought to grab a hold of that and say, "Lord, I believe you saved me. I believe you filled me with the Holy Ghost. I believe you've changed my life. I'm different." Brother Brandham told that man and was wondering if he had had anything. He said he went from the Methodist to the Baptist to the Methodist to the Pentecostal. Finally come to Brother Brandham and said, "Show me what I've done, why I can't be saved." Brother Brandham said, "You've had it all along." Yeah. He said, "But what was it?" He said, "That day you were at the Cardinal and you read a little piece of paper and said, "Where will you spend eternity?" He said, "You were headed one direction and you turned around and went another direction." And he didn't realize it, but what was it? Signs. If he had watched for those signs, you're different than what you was. Your desire is different than what it was. And if it's not, you still need him. Are you with me now? You still need to meet him. But if you've never met him, you'll never be the same. Come on. Hallelujah. Look for those signs. Those particular signs were not for us. But we do have there are signs of whatever we're supposed to be. When we see that us our lives growing into that, it gives us confidence with God. I I'm not a prophet. I don't know the secrets of the hearts. But I can lay hands on the sick. And the Bible says they shall recover. You go a step further. You can lay hands on the sick, right? Because the Bible says they shall recover. Amen. Believers can lay hands on the sick. You can lay hands on your own children. Lay hands on one another. Now, why do we have a prayer line? Have preachers lay hands. I know people sit back and say, "Well, it's just a bunch of preachers wanting to look like something." I That's never occurred to me while I was in a prayer line. I've always thought it looked kind of dumb, to be honest with you. bunch of people sweating and snotting and screaming and hollering and or whatever happens, right? I it just kind of you're not going to get much traction out of that. And every time we have one, we get criticized by somebody thinking we're Pentecostal. You know, I beg to differ. I'm a believer of this message. A prophet who had prayer lines produced people who believed in them. Come on. That's right. Right. But but but you know the the prayer line will come along and and I don't think it has to make just preachers. Well, why do we do that? Because people have confidence in the lives of those men. That's why it's important that the preachers hold themselves right, do the right thing because then you have confidence in those men. That's a man of God. I know he spent his time praying. Brother Daryl Ward's going to be here. And I'll say this because brother Daryl probably won't hear it, but brother Daryl's one of the finest men you'll ever meet in your life. and I I've known him. And when I was 17 year old years years old, I start say year old. Brother Daryl actually took me in under his wing and and made me feel like I was just just like him. He was a worldwide evangelist and I was nothing. But he took me in and talked to me and and and and mentored me during that young age and some and I I remember that and I remember how he made how it made me feel and and and things like that. And that's meant the world to me. I got confidence in his prayers. I got confidence in his prayers. and we're going to he's going to pray for us. The other brothers that are here, men that every one of them, I got confidence in their prayers, we ought to look at that say, "What an opportunity. If I got a need in my body, if I got a need in my spirit, what an opportunity to go and and have hands laid on me by somebody who who really serves God and loves God." That's the way I look at it. And and so it's not that that person has any special thing, but we have got confidence that if they ask us, the Bible said, "The effective fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much." I want them to pray fervently over me. I want them to I I I want them to not give in and just just say, "Well, just rush them through." No, I I want something to take place because I believe it's important. Could you receive it just sitting in the service? Absolutely. I have many times. Many people have you can tonight. Just sitting under the word, you can receive your healing. Do you believe that, church? But many times what we see up here increases the faith of the audience. Listen to the tapes, brother. Many times he'll discern a few and then he'll have them all lay hands on one another and then they're everyone healed. What happens is that their faith was increased by what was going on at the platform. God help us to have that kind of an atmosphere. It would not decrease the people's faith but it would increase the people's faith. When when you see yourself being a Christian, it increases your faith to believe, hey, maybe I am a Christian. And so the Bible says even so faith if it has not works is dead being alone. Faith doesn't work alone. It has to have works that go with it. If faith doesn't do anything, it isn't the faith of God. Right? It's just maybe intellectual faith, but it's not the faith of God. So we know that the feeling can Can I have a few more minutes tonight? I I just got a few more minutes. We'll close. The feeling is not him, but it's a sign of his presence. Right? So when you say I feel him, the feeling itself is not him, but it's a sign that he's there. Listen, brother Brandon said, "How do you do, sister? Do you believe with all your heart? You're very conscious of something going on." Right? So this lady was conscious. Now, if a person walked into that presence and didn't feel anything, it just there was unbelief in their hearts. Right? But it but every person feels differently. Some people may cry. Some people may just be aware of it. Some people may shout, right? But that's in his presence. You may react differently, but there you got to feel something. You're a human being. If you just walk through chewing gum and just go on like you were, you probably you're probably nothing there to be uh to be quickened, right? But and that's we're not going by feelings, but again, it's signs of life, signs of his presence. soul, you're going you feel something quicken in your heart. Even if it's just a warm feeling in your heart, you feel that. And so he said, you're very conscious of that, that believing that there's something supernatural. He said, now that isn't going to hurt you. That's to bless you. You've never felt just that way before in your life like that. Isn't that right? He said, if it is, raise your hand so the people can catch it. That's the angel of the Lord. So the people couldn't see them standing there. Very rarely did people see the angel. In fact, I think it was just Brother Billy Paul and then uh I I don't even believe his his brother, brother Brandham's brother saw the angel. I think it was just Billy Paul that saw the actually saw the angel and brother Brandham that saw the angel. Most people couldn't see it, but they could feel it. Yeah. Almost everybody come in the prayer line. Brother Brandon said, "Do you feel that? That's him." Yeah. Right. Oh my. I believe we can still feel him today. So he said, "You've never felt that way." just before in your life. That's the image of the Lord. Your faith is moving in now. And since you've come right here, your faith is increased tremendously. I've seen that happen where the angel of the Lord would be, you feel the presence of the Lord and we'd be praying for people and when people come to the front, there's nothing special about the front. He could be right there with you. But many times that's where people are being prayed for and and there's there's a presence there. And I've watched people come to that not even be prayed for and come when they come through that presence they get healed. Yeah. When they come up, I've watched it happen many times. Church, we need to stir our faith up a little bit. We can believe these things. He said, "Since you've come right here, your faith is increased tremendously." That's what I want. I want an increase of my faith. Not just a little increase. I want my faith increased tremendously cuz one of these days I got to leave here. He said, "Isn't that right? Because you're in his presence now. That's what's doing it." Again, he said, "Oh, the greatest pleasure I know of is to be pray until I can realize that I'm in the presence of God and recognize it." He said, "I think that ought to be the thrill of the church is the presence of the Holy Spirit." Should that still be the thrill of the church? Not that some man was real eloquent or that we got through church in a record amount of time or or that we got to eat chicken at the right time, but but the thrill of the church is the presence of the Holy Spirit. Seeing the God that made the promise standing among us, feel his presence and see his word and see it vindicated. It ought to give faith to make cripples walk, blind see, deaf hear, dumb speak. Oh, church, I I need that faith. We all need that faith. He said, "With this sweetness around you." Now, look, Brother Brandon would come down and I know a lot of times there's shouting and things like that. And I believe in that. I believe in joy in the presence, but I love those times when he comes in his sweetness. And I feel like that's a lost art among people. It just it just feels like people just want to rush through and but when his presence is here and almost every service at the end of the service there's an opportunity there and we feel that sweet spirit come among us we should take advantage of that and I don't mean that we have to be here all night but brother Brandon said do you feel that sweetness around you you continue singing he said do you believe his presence is with you he said if you do raise up your hands and say from this night on I pledge myself a new I'm accepting my healing I'm accepting my plea of salvation inside and out. I believe that Christ, the son of God, will now take care of all that I have need of. He said, "Can you raise your hands while we sing quietly again with our heads bowed?" Brother Brandham sings, "I love him. I love him." He said, "Oh, that blessed sweetness." I love this. He said, "We're coming up near the bush now." Feel the effects of the fire on the bush. I just love to be in his presence and feel the effects of the fire. When I get worried and I get down or I get discouraged or I think nobody understands, let me be near the bush. What's he talking about? The burning bush, the pillar of fire. He said, "Let me be near the bush. Let let me feel the effects of the fire." He said, "We're coming up near the bush now. Feel the effects of the fire on the bush. the Holy Spirit warming our souls to faith. Faith can't operate in a in a ice house. There has to be a heart that's been warmed by the presence of God. God didn't just go down and pick Moses up out of the desert and say, "Moses, you're going to go down and deliver Israel." What did he do? He gave him a burning bush experience. Changed his life first and then sent him down with the word to declare to the people. Listen, he said, "How do you do?" He's talking to a person in the prayer line again. He said, "We're strangers to each other." Sister said, "Yes, the Lord Jesus knows us both." Now, don't be afraid. See, he said, "Just relax. It's his presence. That's it. It's his presence." Now, you have a real strange feeling, odd kind of a sweet, humblelike feeling. He said, "Now, standing in the presence of a man wouldn't make you feel that way." But he said, "How many ever seen that light, that pillar of light, fire? It was taken right here in Texas. First time, the second time it's hanging right by the woman, see in this dimension now." So it was there. She couldn't see it. But she felt it. See, if our faith is to be increased, we need his presence. And that feeling that we have, again, we don't go by that. That's not how you know you're saved because he did that for you before you got saved. He let you feel his presence. And many people are fooled by that because they think, "Well, I must be right with God." No, he's wooing you back to him. Just because you feel his presence doesn't mean you're a Christian, right? You you may not be a Christian and feel his presence, but if you'll come to it, you'll be a Christian, right? And you'll know that by the actions of faith in your life. Now look, he you say, "Well, I don't really need any of that." You see, the feeling that we have is assigned to us that he's there. But you say, "Well, brother Ben, I know he's there. I know he's there cuz he said he's there." How many believe that? He said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you." I I know he's there. Right? So, you might even say, "I I I don't I don't need that. I don't really think I need a meeting. I bless God. I think I'll just sit out the prayer line and I know so many of us work during the meeting that we don't get as much out of it, but if we could just take a little bit of time, come on. And come near the burning bush, I believe it'd help us. Let's come near the burning bush. Said, "But brother Ben, I I just don't, you know, that's just not something I need." I want you to do something right now. If you feel that way, pinch yourself real hard. Do you feel it? Nobody pinching themselves. Everybody must believe they need the presence of the Lord. But if you pinch yourself real hard right now, you'd feel it. Why? Cuz you're flesh. Think about this. Jesus was a man. He was also God. He was God in a man. The son, the body was a man. The father dwelt in him. Right? It was after God, you know, the presence of God lifted from him in the garden of Gethsemane. You remember brother Brandham taught us that God, he lifted his his presence from him. And he went to the cross without that feeling. Yes, sir. But feeling like a sinner. So that you would never have to feel like a sinner again. We have to take advantage of that. But did you ever notice in one of the gospels and I didn't go back and look it up, but did you ever notice this that when Jesus was was there, he they were, you know, he'd gone through that garden of Gethsemane, but he died more of a death in Gethsemane than he did on the cross. He's gone through all the pain and the sorrow. And angels came and comforted him. They didn't come to comfort God. They come to comfort the man. He still needed the presence of angels. If he needed that, being a man was born without sin. Come on. Not born the way we were born with no with no sin. And he still needed the presence of angels. I believe we still need the presence of angels. Amen. We still need the presence of God. Job was human. He had faith, but he needed to increase his faith. In Job 42:5, and I'll close with this. He Job said, "I've heard of thee by the hearing of the ear." Brother Brandon preaches an entire sermon on this. I have heard, but now I see. Right? And and he said, "I've heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now my eye seeth thee." What was it? His presence changed things. Now we wonder, brother said, if we could see God, is there a way we could see him? He said that was the only way God had trying out. He said, "I have heard of thee with the hearing of the word of the ear, but now I see thee." See, faith was was come by the word, by hearing, but he still needed to see him. Amen. Are you with me now? Yes. He said, "I've heard of thee with the hearing of the ear, but now I see thee. But now I see thee with my eyes. The vision of the invisible had been made plain." Don't you see what God was doing with the message of the hour? We always had the Bible, but the Bible had to be open to us, made real to us, manifested to us. The message made Christ visible to us. Made the invisible plain. Listen, brother Bren said, "The church has heard of God. They've read of him and what he did and the promises he made. But now we see him with our eyes just the same as Job did. I've heard of thee, but now I see thee. He said, "My, what a difference." We have heard that these signs follow them that believe. We believe that the word by faith of God in us. We believe that word by the faith of God in us. Now, let's let our faith be increased. How many can say amen to that tonight? Let our faith be increased by the feeling of his presence. By testimonies of his presence, by seeing the sign of the son of man, by hearing, seeing there's still other believers that believe like we do, that believe in a message of the hour that believe God sent a prophet that believe the sign of the son of man was when we see other believers. It strengthens our faith. It increases our faith. Hallelujah. But the B said, "Now you heard it by the word, by the hearing of the word. Faith cometh by hearing. Hearing the word now you see and act with your eyes." You've heard it by hearing of the word. Now you see it. Act with your eyes. Now that same God that said that when these things must be taking place, that the believers on this would lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover. Look what he said. The same God that said he would send Elijah. The same God that said that we'd see a cloud in the sky. The same God that come in Malachi 4, Revelation 10:7, Luke 17:30. That same God said that the believers would lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover. And brother Brandham in that sermon I have heard but now I see. He said now has it dropped into your heart that you're healed. Musicians go ahead and come. He said raise your hands if it did. He said that's real apostolic healing. You mean it. You believe it with all your heart. He said hallelujah. That's all we need. Let's stand on our feet and give him praise. Then I believe we could do that tonight. Let's stand and give him praise tonight. Have we received our faith by hearing of the word? Oh, I believe we've heard the word tonight. We've hear the word when we come together. Let's Let's praise you. That's all right. Let's praise him for it. Oh, Lord, you're worthy. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I've heard you. I've heard of you by the word, but now I've seen you with my eyes. I know that you're real. Hallelujah. You know what brother Brandham did that night? He had them all lay hands on one another and stand in faith and rejoice. The next night, he had another prayer line, an oldfashioned prayer line. The next night was, I believe, when he preached uh the wings of a snow white dove and he had that long prayer line where they just laid hands on the people. Why? Cuz he knew they were still human. They still needed that touch. They they still, oh church, we still need him tonight. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let your faith increase to the point where you can believe, I've heard of you. But now I've seen you. I know you're a healer. I know you're a miracle worker. I've heard the testimonies. I know what you do. And I believe, Lord, help thou my unbelief. Oh, I thank you, Lord Jesus. Have you received faith by hearing the word? Let your faith be increased by signs of his presence. Signs in your own life, signs all around you, signs in the world, signs even in the Catholic Church, signs in the in the government, and signs even here in the church that God still does miracles, still does the things he promised he would do. Do you believe it tonight, church? He's still God. Oh, let your faith be increased tonight to believe for what you have need of. If you need prayer, the altar is open. God bless you tonight. We love you, heavenly father. Oh God, we worship you tonight. We love you. And Lord, our faith has been increased by the hearing of the word, Lord, and by the signs of your presence, oh God, may it continue to be increased every moment. May there not be one, Lord, that we leave here with a ill feeling, Lord, towards somebody else or some kind of a gripe or complaint, but Lord, may it be a reality in our hearts, oh God, that your coming is near. May we be willing, Lord, to reach out to strangers and say, "Have you heard what God is doing back in my home, in my church, in my life, in the message of the hour?" I pray you'd grant it, Lord. Oh, we love you today. We thank you for your presence, for the signs of your presence, Lord. Where would we be if we hadn't seen the sign, but we heard the voice behind the sign? And we believe, Lord, help our unbelief. We pray in Jesus' name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You love him tonight. Hallelujah. That's your singing now. Hallelujah. Oh, set your wings to the wind. Oh, you can fly when I hear your name. Oh, do not struggle. If you need to pray, the altar's open, church, while the waters trouble, why not come on and believe the word of God. Let your faith be. Hallelujah. Oh to the winds of faith. Oh, what's your need? Hallelujah. Do you have a need tonight, church? You want to meet that need? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your mouth. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Much too high. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. The word of God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord by and by oh it will move or you will fly. So set your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. And do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, watch the eagle up in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him rise. Oh, it's already [Applause] in the skies. So set your wings, make your arms to the wind of Oh, hallelujah. And you can fly. Oh, thank you, Lord. In a higher higher place. Oh, do not struggle. Oh, thank you, Lord. It's my grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. There are two roads that you may take. was my side. [Music] Just take what you see, what you believe is what will be. Oh, send your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly in a higher place and do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Sing the course again now. Oh, set your wings to the wind of faith. You can fly in a higher place and do not struggle. It's by grace [Music] to the wind of faith. The day before yesterday crucified my Lord, beat him un mercifully, nailed him to a tree. The sky grew dark and the earth began to fall. Oh, the people cried. Surely we've crucified the son of God. Oh, why didn't we recognize the son of God was here today and in our hearts as he all the way. Oh, should we have? Should we have known? I wish that we had known him before the Lord had come and gone. Today a friend and I walk down the road. [Music] We didn't know our Lord had a road. Nothing a man drew here. And he spoke words so wise. [Music] He broke the bread blessing. He vanished and open up our eyes. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. tonight. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, I'm so glad I know him. for he and we gone sing that again. Heat. Heat. I'm so glad. Yes. I'm so glad you go. Can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight? Aren't you glad you recognize his presence when he's here? Amen. We don't want to miss him when he comes by heaven. But Amen. We want to entertain him when he comes by our way, don't we? Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Can you give the Lord another big hand clap of praise? Amen. This little world can never hold me. You know that one? Yeah. We I throw some songs at them every once. I don't know them. So, I'm hoping they do. You know what? Aren't you glad we're getting ready to leave this world? But Amen. We just want to be in prayer and don't forget one service on Sunday and uh two services if you stay in work. Uh but just kind if you want to help uh we'd be real happy to have you help just in any way. I'm sure there'll be a lot to do. Uh a lot of chairs we got to move actually uh on Sunday if you'll be here. Uh if you would uh let's make sure we get all of your uh personal things out of the pews uh no later than Sunday morning. Uh because if they're here, we may put them somewhere and we don't know where we put them and and then you lose them and we don't want to make anybody mad. So if it's important to you, make sure you take it with you by Sunday morning. God bless you and we're going to sing this one as you go now. Hey man, what song did I tell you, brother Robert? This whole world you can you put that one up there for me. This old world. Sorry, we we got to get his hearing aids turned up. Well, this old world ain't never hold me anymore. But I'll be gone for I and I have the wedding garment on. Well, this world can't hold me well anymore. I'll be gone for I made my preparation and I have to go. God bless you. Well, this whole world can never hold me any moment. Oh, I'll be gone before I preparation.
