################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-30 - Creating An Atmosphere Bro Joel Pruitt 6-29-25 - Joel Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-30
Title:    "Creating An Atmosphere" Bro Joel Pruitt 6-29-25
Speaker: Joel Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 51m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdoMCccQ3RA
========================================

Description:
"Creating An Atmosphere" Bro Joel Pruitt 6-29-25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] John [Music] Fing. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Here [Music] you go. [Music] I'm standing on the promises of God. [Music] up. Thank you. Sorry, I can't sing that song very good. So, we're going to switch. Let's sing Jesus on the main line, key of G. My mother loves to play songs that I can't sing very good. So, did you enjoy the service this morning? Amen. Well, it's Jesus on the main telling what you want. Jesus on the main telling what you want. Jesus on the lab. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the name. [Music] Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. my mouth. Well, if you need your healing, tell him what you want. If you need your healing, tell him what you want. If you need your healing, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Call him up again. Oh, just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. If you need the Holy Ghost, oh, if you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Let me hear you. Sing it. Call him up. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Amen. Why don't you turn around and greet your neighbor in the name of the Lord? [Music] I love to praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Once again, I love to praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes. Oh, and sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Well, sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Heaven comes down on me. I love to praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. [Music] [Applause] I just want to be ready. Oh, I just want to be ready to go. Yes, I just want to be ready. Oh, I just want to be ready to go. Oh, I just want to be ready. [Music] I just want to be ready to go. Yes, I just want to be ready. I just want to be Sing. I'm going to be ready. Yes, I I'm going to be ready. I'm going to be ready to go. Yeah, [Music] I'm going to be ready. I'm going to be ready to go. You must sing the song. Thank God I'm free. I'll start with the chorus there. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. saved by his wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. For a long time I travel down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy. said, "I surp Jesus." What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Oh, thank God I live free. Free. free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that has taken its flight. [Music] Like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Like a poor wretched beggar that's found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his holy name with our hearts. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Amen. You thankful you're free this evening. Amen. Let's sing that song just before we have the ushers come. Let the worshippers arise. And then we got several requests this evening um for songs. Um so we just want to thank the girls youth choir or the youth there. The young ladies are going to sing. Then also we have a request for sister Nolan and Sister Esther. So after the offering's taken up, if if the the young girls would just make themselves ready. Amen. And I'll start with the first verse. Father, I can see that you were drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side. holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my pray. Let the worippers rise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed. As the saints of every nation are awakening to sing, from our hearts there comes a anthem. Hear our praises ring. This is our song. To our king, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender once again as the ushers come. Oh, let the worippers arise. We lift our hands in center. Let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Amen. Maybe if they just play something softly. Amen. We've got a a few requests this evening. Amen. Want to be remembering um brother Gabe. They had to take him to the ER possibly with appendicitis. Uh so we just want to be praying for our brother there as he goes and deals with that. We just pray the Lord would send a special touch. Amen. His way. Remember the requests that were mentioned this morning. Um several surgeries coming up and a few out travel. So just be praying for them. Amen. We'll just ask our brother Danny take these needs for us this evening. Heavenly Father, we come to to you again this afternoon, Lord. Asking you, Father, to come. May you just be with us in this service. Father, may you bless bless each and every one that's here. Father, bless the ones that couldn't be here, Lord. We pray that your blessings would be your protection would be with brother Gabe as they take him. Father, may you just reach down and touch his body, Lord. Help him through this thing. Father, we pray that you bless each and every request that was carried over from this morning. the ones that have lost their loved ones, Father. The ones that are away, we pray that you protect them as they're away and on the highways as they travel. Father, most of all, we ask you to come tonight, Lord, and meet us with in our worship service, Father. Bless our minister as they come, Father, with the word. May you just open our hearts that we may hear and understand what you have for us to hear tonight. Lord, we just pray that you be with us in each and everything that's done in this service. Father, we ask your blessings on this offering in your name we ask it. Amen. Amen. You can be seated as the ushers come by. Amen. We wanted to take just a moment. Uh brother Harvey uh wanted to compliment the young sisters helping clean up at the fellowship hall. Just really impressing them. So, let's give them a hand clap. We just appreciate them doing that. I mean, you boys got to step it up. You know, we'd like to see a little bit more out of you. So, We got to get the young boys involved. Amen. Amen. Let's try that song as we asked Sister Noly and Esther. Apparently, the young girls aren't singing. Um, so that's the another text from my mother that we'll have to ignore. So, Amy, let's try this as Sister Noly and Sister Esther make their way. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. Can we lift our hands and sing that again? I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all once again as they come. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. [Music] [Music] of diamonds, mountains of gold. of silver, chosen to all these together wouldn't buy you or me. [Applause] peace when we're sleeping [Music] or a conscience that a heart that's content [Music] a satisfied mind. These are the treasures money can't buy. [Music] If you have Jesus, [Music] there's more wealth in your soul than acres of diamonds [Music] and mountains of [Music] acres of diamonds, mountains of gold, rivers of silver, chosen. All these together. Goodbye you or me. [Music] peace when we're sleeping or a conscience that [Music] a heart that's contented [Music] a satisfied mind. These are the treasures money can buy. If you have Jesus, [Music] there's more wealth in your soul than acres of diamonds [Music] and mountains of gold. [Applause] Amen. Did you enjoy that this evening? Amen. Let's sing that song if we could. I'm a child of the king. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins and I who was wretched and vow now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the King. And his royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched and vile now can see. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of Once again. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the King. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was rich and bow now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Amen. You thankful to be a child of the king. Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. We'll go ahead and stand and prepare to change the order of the service. Invite brother Joel to come this evening. Sing that song if we could. He has forgiven me. And as we invite brother Joel to come this evening. He has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has be thankful for his forgiveness this evening. He has forgive me. My sins have been washed from his by the blood of the lamb of Calary. He has for me and he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his misery [Music] by the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has forgiven me. I know that he has forgiven me. My sins have been washed from his memory by the blood of the lamb of Calary. I know he has forgiven me. Aren't you glad he's forgiven you this evening? Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer if we would. If you have a need on your heart tonight, we just make it known by an uplifted hand. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you, Lord, for this opportunity to come again to your house tonight. Lord, I ask you would just move me aside, Lord, and only speak what the people meet up here, Lord, here in front of me this evening. I ask, Lord, you would take away anything that would be my own, Lord, may only be what you would have me to say. I pray Lord for every person sitting here tonight, every need that is represented among us. I ask Lord you would just move in a special way Lord and deal directly Lord with each individual heart here tonight. Move upon us we ask in the name of Jesus we pray. Amen. How many is happy to be in the church this evening to see each one of you back out tonight. If you have your Bibles, Genesis chapter 1 and verse one. Genesis chapter 1 and verse one. And we'll read through the fourth verse to start. Genesis 1 1-4. In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. And in Acts chapter 2 and verse one, Acts chapter 2 and verse one, just to lay just the scriptures we'll be using for tonight. Acts 2 and 1, it says, "And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place, and suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting." You may be seated. May the Lord add his blessings to the word tonight. If I could take for a thought tonight, it would be creating an atmosphere. And if you go back to the very beginning, you'll find that the earth had been created. He created the heaven and earth. And brother Brandon would say it like this. Even though he created the heavens and earth, it didn't mean that it was like we know it now. It may have been laying there for in the void for thousands of years. We don't know because we know that he made it. He he created the earth as we know it in in in six days. But if you take it all the way back, brother Brandham said he it was just darkness and it was just something. It was a creation. Amen. But there was nothing there. There was no atmosphere to bring life in the beginning. So I hope you follow me through this just the best we can tonight. And I'll start my timer. Hallelujah. And uh somebody say amen. And so we'll just keep going here. And the earth did not have an atmosphere of life. The atmosphere that the earth had was darkness. It was gloomy. It was it was without it was without any form. It was it was it was nothing good. You couldn't have lived there. There was no human life. There was no animal life. Nothing could live in the earth as it was before God moved upon the earth. And so I want to deal with that for just a moment. I want you to know that you were created as a being. And you were you might have been a being. You might have been a created person for 20 years, 30 years, 40 years, 50 years, but until the spirit of God moved upon you, there was darkness. Until God moved upon you, there was no light. Can you say amen? And so it it changed the very atmosphere that you would create. So the earth could put off an atmosphere of darkness, the earth would produce an atmosphere of nothing. It was just nothingness there. Amen. But once God's spirit would move upon it, then life would come. Can the church say amen? And it's very very much the same way on this earth here, this dirt that God has raised up, God has made, brother Bill, you're six foot of of dirt there. But when God moved upon you, there was no more darkness, but there was light. Can you say amen? And so what we want to say tonight is when is when God moves upon a person, when God moves upon your life, then it changes the very atmosphere that you create. And so, Brother Brandham would say it like this. He said, he said, "There was a time when the world was laying in utter darkness. It was without form and it was void and it was all covered with water and was laying there in the dark, dismal, gloomy atmosphere. And the spirit of God moved upon that water and said, "Let there be light." And God had a reason to do that. For down beneath that water, there was seeds that he had planted. And it had to have that sunlight to make it alive. Can the church say amen? Amen. If you'll stay with me and follow me here, you'll notice that the same way it was then on the earth is the same way it is today in the human life. There was a seed there when you were in your darkest condition. There was a seed there when you didn't know God. There was a seed there when you had never seen the light. But when you saw the light, then God would not only create the he would not only create you because you were already created, but then he would put his spirit upon you and it would change the atmosphere that you're living in. I hope you can stay with me here for just a little bit tonight. I won't hold you long, but I really want to drive this home. We are all creators. We all create an atmosphere. every every person in this room on your jobs, in your homes and in the church, you're a creator and of the atmosphere around you. Amen. Can you say amen? So, so what we want to understand is that in order to change the atmosphere that you're creating, you've got to meet God and the presence of God has got to take away all the darkness in your life. And it's actually got to bring about an actual life and a light that will portray to the people around you. Amen. the the people could have looked at the world. If you could look back before there was a before there was an Adam, before there was an Eve, you could look all the way back and see the earth as it was and you would see darkness. Amen. I could look back at what you was, brother David, and I could say there was darkness in your life. But when God got a hold of you, amen, it changed the atmosphere and made you different. And we go on down. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said that turned darkness into light in order to bring forth a creation of joy and life upon the earth. I want you to know you can't have joy in the house of God until God changes that creation of darkness into light. You You can't have Come on, church. You can say, "Amen. You can shout. You can jump and run. But until you've met God and until the presence of God has come, then you'll never know what light is. You'll never know what it's like to be free. You'll never know what it's like to be in an atmosphere of worship until you've met God's presence." Can you say amen? So, he goes on down. says it create the creation of joy and life upon the earth. He said then the spirit of God as it moved with love and compassion at that great day the first day of the dawn of creation upon the earth the sun rose and swept across its rays and dried up the waters from the earth and made an atmosphere above and for its first time it was to bring joy and life to the earth by a seed. I want you to notice that the seed that was in you had to come forth in newness of life. Can you say amen? Amen. So if there was a seed, then God had to find that seed and create light upon that seed. Can you say amen? Amen. So all you was, brother Bill, when you were the lowest sinner in the county, then God already knew there was a seed there. And when the spirit of God would move upon brother Bill, Amen, there would no longer be a brother Bill of the darkness, but there would be a brother Bill of the light. Well, can you say amen? So what we need tonight is not a God of darkness. This is not a guard of god of darkness but all the way from the beginning when the spirit of God would move there was light. And so light light is light is something that comes by a seed. He said that was a great hour and you know we were talking about being an amateur god and creating atmospheres. Brother Brandham would actually say it like this. Did you ever see people you love to be around just love to be around them because they create an atmosphere a heavenly and you like to be around them. Others seem to be good people, but you have to get away once in a while. Somebody says, "That's brother Joel." Hallelujah. But you know what it is? You you sometimes there's people that's hard to be around because they're, you know, they're just they're real tense or, you know, they they maybe they've still got a little temper in them or or something like that or maybe they're just unbearable to be around. But I want you to notice that you create an atmosphere. You create the atmosphere. It's not your brother. It's not your sister as we heard this morning. Amen. But I am creating the atmosphere from right here tonight. You're creating an atmosphere from where you're sitting. Because in the beginning, God was there and he saw what the atmosphere was and then he changed the atmosphere of the earth. And if you are an immature God, according to Genesis 1 and 26, it would say, "And God said, let us make man in our image after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." What was it? You were given the the ability at that time uh in the word to create an atmosphere. Can you say amen? Amen. So God actually gave you that ability because you are like an amateur God. God's spirit in you can still create atmospheres today. And so when you see an atmosphere of darkness, it is the time to change the atmosphere. If you see an atmosphere in the church where it's quiet, if you see an atmosphere in the church where there's just no smoothing of God, I think it's time as believers to raise up and let the spirit of God move once again and get rid of the darkness in the room so that can we can worship freely in an atmosphere of freedom and worship. Brother Rain would go on like this. He said he he said he said that we had dominion over the whole earth and he was made to be an amateur god. Now, I want you to notice that there is something you've got to have in order to create the right atmosphere because there's all kinds of atmospheres in the world today. You can walk into a bar and there's an atmosphere there. You can walk into a a an a nominal church maybe and they can have the loud music and they can they can be in their skinny jeans and their shorts and and they can do all those things and they can create an atmosphere, but it may not be a godly atmosphere. Well, can you say amen? And so, you can see that you can see that there's different atmospheres. So maybe the atmosphere you're creating because of your ability to create one is not necessarily the atmosphere that you were born to create. So brother Brandon would say it like this. He said he said you've got to apply the token with such love and so forth till you know it's going to take it's going to take place. And he said that's all. Apply it in confidence believing it's going to help. And he said when you talk to that child when you talk to your husband talk to your wife talk to this loved one believing that it's going to help. just stand there and say, "Lord, I've claimed them. They're mine. I'm getting them for you, Lord." He said, "Apply it and create the atmosphere around you that they'll drop right into it." So, it's not good enough for you to say, "I believe the message and we need you to come back to church. We want you to live right, do right." No, you've got to create an atmosphere so that they can drop back into that. Come on, church. They don't want to go somewhere where you're creating a bad atmosphere. They don't want to go somewhere somewhere that's so tight and so bound up that you can't raise your hands and worship that you young people don't want to come back to that. They left that deadness in the beginning. They left it went out in the world. Listen, there's more freedom in the barn than there is in some of our churches. Come on, somebody. And that's why that they're not coming back. But if you'll create an atmosphere in the house of God, there could be eagles born right here. Come on, church. You say, "Well, is it all about the atmosphere?" No. There's all kinds of atmospheres. But we want to create the right atmosphere and that's where we're going to see souls saved and children come back to the Lord. Can you say amen? Brother Brandham would say it like this. He said, "I've I've claimed them." And he said, "They'll drop right into it if you create that atmosphere around you." He said, "Oh, there you are. If you've got the token, you create a spirit around you." That's right. He said, "A power that when you walk, people know you're a Christian." Come on. They love for you to say something to them. They believe your word. what you say, they hold on to it. See, that's it. Now, nobody's going to do that to somebody that comes in and shouts in one service and goes and lives like the devil on Monday morning. They're not going to listen to what you say is the token. But if the token is applied, then there is a power within you to create an atmosphere on Sunday and on Monday and on Tuesday and on Wednesday. You're going to always create an atmosphere that is pleasing to God. That doesn't mean you won't make mistakes. That doesn't mean you're not going to fail God. But what it means is God's going to bring you back because the spirit that is in you is your guide. Can you say amen? So when you start to fall away, when you start to when you start to get away from God, you start to get cold on God. Amen. You start to realize the atmosphere you're creating is no longer pleasing to God and there's more darkness than light. Amen. Just get back in fellowship with God again and let the spirit of God go to work on your life. Amen. And that will change the atmosphere back to what it's supposed to be. Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said, "You've heard my message on the possum and you know and on the bees trying to sting me and the bull trying to kill me." He said, "You create an atmosphere and that's the atmosphere you have to be in to pray for the sick." And so before I would ever make an altar call, I want to feel an atmosphere here that we can create. Come on, church. I I believe anybody here can come to an altar at any time and get saved. But I believe it's more effective if we'll create an atmosphere where they can come back and pray through. Come on, church. Amen. If you're in a hurry to get out of here and there's people at the altar, you're not creating the right kind of atmosphere. Can the church say amen? It's just the truth. If you've got people at the altar, the atmosphere you create is an atmosphere of worship so they can get something from God. Come on, church. There's nothing more important than a soul coming back to God. Amen. That's when the angels rejoice. That's when the church will rejoice. That's when the fire will come back in the church. When souls start coming back to God. And so I say if somebody wants to pray and they want to stay there for an hour and pray, let them pray. Let them stay there. Listen, church, and let's get behind them and and help them. Come on, church. Listen, what we're doing is we get in a hurry about the things of the world and we get in a hurry to do what we want to do. But did you ever think you were put here to see souls saved? You were put here to create an atmosphere. You were put here and ordained to help somebody make it. Come on, church. Amen. What you need to realize tonight, Amen. You can create all kinds of atmospheres, but in this service tonight, I want to create an atmosphere, amen, where young people can say, "Lord, I want to come home. I want to be saved. I want to be baptized. I want to be filled with the Holy Ghost." Amen. We've had services like that, but don't let one service go by where we don't create an atmosphere where our young people can come back home. I I I say I I've seen I've seen our I've seen people here in the church come back home. And not to single any of them out, but I remember the service when Sister Stephanie came back to the Lord. Amen. There was an atmosphere here where souls could be born again. Come on, church. What we need to realize tonight is it's not about how I feel. It's not about what you want, but it's about him being glorified in this church tonight. Amen. God wants you to be in such a fellowship with him that an atmosphere is created so the people around you can see the light. Amen. I I don't want him to see darkness all my life because darkness is just listen. Dark darkness will run people from the church. Darkness will move people out from this church, but but light will draw them in. Amen. And the and the darker the night, the the the brighter the light will shine. Amen. So, I believe in the darkest time we've ever been in the history of the world. Amen. Your light ought to be shining brighter than ever. But it's got to be a creation of an atmosphere around you that'll do it. Brother Brand would go on down here and I love this. He he actually says something nice about Brother Neville creating an atmosphere. And he said, "How many enjoys our pastor, brother Neville?" He said, 'Aren't you thankful to the Lord for a good, honest, everyday man believes the gospel? And he's doing such a wonderful job by obeying the commandments of God and preaching the word and keeping this great spiritual atmosphere in the church all the time. All the time. I want you to notice it's not good enough to come and say, "Well, we're going to try to work this up for Sunday morning, or we're going to try to build a Sunday afternoon, or we're going to try to" No, we don't sit around trying to build a certain service. Every service is important to create an atmosphere in. Amen. That's why from the first song to the last and everything that's said in between. Amen. It's not about me. It's not about brother Ben or brother Stewart or any other man that stands in this pulpit, but it's all about magnifying the Lord. Amen. Glorifying his name and creating an atmosphere that he would be pleased with. Amen. This all I believe tonight we can create an atmosphere. If there's somebody called on God tonight, I say get back to an altar and pray through. You've got people in the church that are behind you. And man, we're not here to judge people that have gotten cold on God. We're here to help the people and pull them through the times when they've gotten cold. You say, "Well, we we sit around. We talk about the people that have backslid." Amen. It's time we quit talking about the people that have backslid and start praying for the people that have backslid. Amen. That all you're doing when you're when you're creating a negative atmosphere and running them down and running them away from the church, that's not going to help nobody. Amen. But let's bring them back and pray them through and hold on and say, "Lord, these are your children. We're not going to lose a one of them." Can you say, "Amen." Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "Now, what you want to do is be lifted up by Christ into an atmosphere to where you are happy, peaceful, and in there, you create a situation." That's right. Now, there's many situations created by people that, myself included, when you say something you shouldn't say or do something you shouldn't do. We'll create situations. Come on, somebody. And the pastor has to clean it up. The pastor has to take care of it. You know, we say stupid stuff. I think brother Ben said we all do this morning. And so, that makes me feel good because I'm in good company. That means all of us do it because I know I do it. You know, you say stuff and it creates a situation. and you say something you shouldn't say and somebody in the church gets offended by it and you probably maybe you didn't mean to do it. Amen. But what you did was you caused a negative uh situation by creating a bad atmosphere when what you should have done was kept your mouth shut. Help me Lord. And prayed for the person instead of talking bad about the person. Can the church say amen? You say, "Brother Joel, are you guilty?" Yes. Because because sometimes my mouth opens before I think about it. And and I'm going to tell you, every one of us probably have that problem if we be honest about it. Amen. We're keyboard warriors on Facebook or or we're trying to we're trying to talk about somebody because it's an interesting situation. But why not solve the situation by creating a good atmosphere? This church was not built here. This church was not was not made to to to start start pointing fingers at one another because if you do that, you're going to be pointing for back at yourself. But I want you to notice something. We're not pointing fingers at one another because this one didn't do me right or this one offended me or this one did me wrong. Listen, church, we're all guilty. We've all failed God. But I want to tell you tonight that God cares for you and he wants you to be in an atmosphere that he can be pleased with. Amen. God wants you to have an atmosphere around you. I want to take this into our homes just for a minute because if your homes have got a bad atmosphere, then there's no way that you could ever have an atmosphere of worship in your home if you're always fussing with one another. Is this okay tonight? You know, you say, "Brother Joel, are you guilty of any?" Absolutely. You ever have a bad day at work and you walk in your home and you snap at your kids? You don't have to raise your hand, but I guarantee you somebody has because it happens. let the pressures of life build up and you say things you shouldn't have said. But the truth is there is a way to create that atmosphere and change it from that gloom that you created into a light. Can you say amen? So, brother Brandon would say it like this and I don't have the quote in front of me. I took it out actually. But brother Brandon would say it like this. He said he said he was at home and he said that his kids were I think brother Joseph was was fighting over a toy and and Sarah was maybe fighting with him over the toys and and and then Ma was standing in there and she'd had all she could take and and it seemed like that happened more than once. You know, must have been some wild kids in the Brandom household. But but brother Brandham walks in and he sees the situation and instead of making a worse situation, he actually changes the atmosphere by putting on an apron and doing the dishes. You say, "What does that have to do with creating an atmosphere?" It actually ta it took the pressure off the family and he could stand there and say, "You know what? I'd like to buy you this dress or I'd like to help you out." Or the next thing you know, he said it changed the entire atmosphere of the home by one man taking leadership and accountability and changing the whole environment. Come on, somebody. If you want to change the way the church is, you be the change in the church. If you want to be the you want to see change in your home, then I you be the change in your home. Somebody say amen. If you want to see change, be the change. If you want to create an atmosphere here, you say, "Well, we're not we're not we're not emotional enough here in the church. We don't shout enough. We don't scream enough." Well, somebody's got to shout once in a while. And you say, "Well, I wish I'd see somebody run. Somebody's got to run, and it might as well be you." Come on, church. We want to create an atmosphere, amen, where it's more loud. And then, well, go ahead and be the loud person in church. Everybody wants to Everybody wants to I've got Jonah. That's all I can do. I've done I'm doing my part. I'm bringing the loudest a manor in the whole church here. And I I'm I'm going to tell you something. Everybody wants to be the critic, but nobody wants to create the atmosphere. And if you really want to see God move, create the atmosphere. And if you don't move for nobody else, he'll move for you. Come on. You say, "I want my family to come back home." If the church would just create an atmosphere, the best atmosphere that can be created is right there from your seat. That's right. If you're worshiping, the song leader will do better. If you're worshiping, the preacher will do better. That's right. It's the truth anyway. It if you're worshiping, it'll make a difference in the whole church because you're creating an atmosphere. If I come up here and I'm having a bad day leading songs or Brother Allen or Brother David, if we're up here and we've had a bad day, but we got to be here anyway and do and and lead the songs. Listen, it may create a bad atmosphere in the church, but you know, instead of getting mad at us for being mad or getting mad at us for having a bad day, the best thing you can do is pray for that brother. Your pastor could come out here and deal with something that day to where it actually affects his atmosphere when he comes to the pulpit. He may have prayed through and did everything he could to do to get the right atmosphere, but maybe he dealt with something that he that he just couldn't get past to get in the pulpit, but he had to stand here at his calling anyway. Can I tell you how to fix that situation? Pray for the man and pull on the gift of God. See, if we quit pointing fingers saying, "I wish that service was better." Make the service better. Come on. Is this okay? I know your pastor don't yell at you like I do, and I shouldn't do it, but it's just me. Okay? And a lot of times I'm preaching it myself when I'm preaching because if anybody needs to change their atmosphere, listen, if you knew if you knew the environment we was raised in, you know, there was there was a lot of times we'd get to church and we dreaded going to church. We had to go to church, but we dreaded going to church. And you know, but what I found out is it's actually fun to go to church when you realize that you can put everything behind you and just have a good time in the house of God. And you don't have to be depressed in church. You don't have to be down because you think the preacher is going to hold you three hours. You don't have to be down because you think, well, you know, you know that person don't like me that's in the pulpit. I want you to know that it really don't matter if the person in the pulpit likes you or don't like you. It does God find favor with your worship or not? Listen, I I don't believe in disliking anybody. I think it's an evil spirit to dislike people. Brother Brandham taught us that. That's right. You know that. Said, "Well, it's wrong to hate people." No, Brother Brandham said it's an evil spirit to dislike people. That's right. It's an evil spirit that gets on people. And so when you start disliking somebody and what they're doing, listen, you you don't have to love everything that goes on in a service, but the only way you're going to get anything out of that service is to break through and create an atmosphere. And so what we've got to do, quit looking at the distractions and and look at the promise that God will be there. And if he's there, then we know we're going to get what we came for. Brother Brandon would say, he said, "Many times we churches, we this may seem strange." He said, "But if you watch it," he said, he said, "the people get one another's spirit instead of getting the Holy Spirit." You go into a group of people, you watch the way that person acts and them find people, they come into the congregation. The first thing you know, they act that same way. He said, "You you take a good woman and a bad man, and he'll either become a bad a good man or or she a bad woman." And the atmosphere that you live in, you project to your associates what you are. Think about that. on your job. Your associates know what you are. Whether you tell them or whether you don't, they know what you are. If you're a Christian, most of the time they can tell because the way you act on the job. If you blow up and start cussing your coworker, then they are not going to look at you as a Christian. If you blow up and just fly off the handle and get mad at everything, they're not going to look at you as a Christian. But what you do is if you if you if you have love for that person that mistreats you at work, they'll look at you and know there's something different about you. They may never become a Christian, but they'll know you are. Listen, church, what you you you are you are born to be a light in a dark time. And the only way you can do that is be a creator of the right atmosphere. Brother Brand would go on like this. He said, "What time of an what type of an atmosphere should we live in?" He and I love this. He said, "In a consoling, soothing, healing atmosphere, we should live in with our hearts constantly in prayer with a deep love for every person we come in contact with." Yes, sir. I ought to read that one again because I don't think you all got it. He said, "What type of an atmosphere should we live in?" In a consoling, soothing, healing atmosphere we should live in with our hearts constantly in prayer with a deep love for every person. Yes. Somebody say amen. Every person we come in contact with, that doesn't mean your favorite person in church or it doesn't mean the only the people you work with or only the people you go to church with, but every person you should have a deep love for that person. And if you do, there'll be something respond to that deep love that you have. Oh, thank you, Lord. Is that okay tonight? Listen, I know a lot of times, you know, we can get frustrated with people and and and in your flesh there there's carnality. Brother Brand or Brother Ben this morning, he he talked about your carnal nature. He he said something controls the the spirit. And he said it's either your carnal nature or or the in inside spirit that creates these things. And I I will say this many times. If there's never a good atmosphere around you, it's because you need the Holy Ghost. You say that's hard. No, I'm going tell you something. I I don't question your Holy Ghost. But but but if one way to know you don't have it is if you've never created a good atmosphere to live in. Yeah. Come on church. The Holy Ghost is not going to make you live in a doomy gloomy gloomy atmosphere in a in a hateful atmosphere. He He's not going to cause your home to be in constant chaos if you find yourself in that situation. It's time you find yourself at the altar again and say, "Lord, I need the Holy Ghost." Yeah. I I I know we don't want to tell people they need it. But I want you to know if you find yourself without it, you need to be seeking it tonight because it's not good enough to say, "Well, the preacher preached it good this morning, and that'll help me for a couple days, and I'm going to be right back like I was." No, you need to be always creating an atmosphere in your home so your children can come up in the presence of God. Thank you, Lord. Y'all still with me tonight? We're going to go just a little bit longer if it's okay. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, he said, "He ascended up on high and gave gifts unto men, his spirit in us. There was an atmosphere hung over the earth of darkness, of gloom, of death and weary, and the prayers that couldn't come up because the atonement wasn't made. But he broke through that veil and he opened up the way. He broke the veil of sickness. He broke the veil of sin." Come on, somebody. He broke the veil of weary. He broke the veil of depressed. He broke every veil and made a highway for the wayfaring man walking up the king's highway. You say, "I've got depression." He broke the veil of depression. You say, "I I've got weariness in my body. I've got I've got sickness in my body." He broke the veil so that you could find healing and satisfaction in the atmosphere of God that he's created. Listen, church, we've leaned on crutches long enough. It's time to create an atmosphere that God is pleased with. Can you say amen? Amen. He broke the veil. He broke every veil and made a highway for the wayfaring man. I love this here in Colossians 3:12. Put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, vows of mercy, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering. All these things will create a true and godly atmosphere. That's right. All these things will do the opposite of a of a bad home. All these things here, if you put on as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bounds of mercy, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, and longsuffering, it will create a happy home. Can the church say amen? It will create a home that God would be pleased with. It will create a church that God to be pleased with. Listen, we can there there's somebody here that knows a lot more about this message than I do. I believe every bit of it, but I can tell you, you may have a better knowledge and understanding of it. But I want you to know tonight that if you don't have love, it don't matter what you know. Amen. You can know everything and create a bad atmosphere. You can know all the mysteries and create a bad atmosphere. But if you can have love, that'll create an atmosphere where people want to come and be in church with you. Can you say amen? Amen. We do have a way out of a gloomy atmosphere. How many knows that to be true? Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said he said the Presbyterian church, the Methodist church, the Baptist church, and anything can bring forth these eagles. Sure. It's the atmosphere that does it. Come on. And he said, brother, he said, Dr. Bosworth used to say you could take a hen and and uh under the put eggs under the pup. You could take a hen setting an egg and and put the put the eggs under a pup and tie them down and a pup would hatch out a chicken. Why? It's the atmosphere that did it. Think about it. You say, "Well, I I I was saved in a Baptist church." Sure you were. But you weren't born again till you heard the scream of the eagle flying over the barnyard. Come on, church. That'll that'll that'll that'll solve some problems right there. When you say, "Well," you say, "Well, I was born again in in this church." No, you wasn't born again, but you were born. You might have been born a Presbyterian or a Baptist. I'm not I'm not saying you wasn't saved there. There'll be many saved. But if you want the new birth, you've got to recognize the eagle scream in order to know who you are. Come on, church. In order to recognize the voice that has called you an eagle, you've got to recognize Come on, somebody. You say, "Well, I don't agree with you, Brother Joel." Well, I'll tell you this. Because a a an eagle could be hatched under a chicken or a chicken could be hatched under a puppy. But but an eagle that's born, they will not stay in that condition because of the atmosphere that the chickens have created. But when they hear the voice of the eagle or they smell the water, if it's a duck and it smells the water, it's going to go straight to the water. Why? Because it creates an atmosphere that they can swim in. Come on, church. Amen. But if it's an eagle, then they recognize that there's something they're missing here. And they'll fly higher with the moment eagle. Listen, it's because they heard the voice and they'll fly into an atmosphere. I hope the church is hearing me tonight. Many times you say, "Well, I was saved. I was saved. I'm good enough. No. And not. You need to get out of that atmosphere and realize that you were born for more than just a barnyard. You were born more than just to scratching the dirt with the chickens. You were born for more than just to just eat the food that is prepared for the chickens. But you were born to fly into the heavenlies and and feel the atmosphere that God would create for you. God never created that caged up condition for you. Are you hearing me tonight? But he created an atmosphere in the heavenlies so you don't have to stay earthbound any longer. I hope you're okay with this tonight. Amen. But if you are if you are an eagle, you're longing for another atmosphere. If you are an eagle, you're not satisfied with this world. If you are an eagle, you're not happy with the way this world is going. If you're an eagle, you're not happy being caged up and told you can't shout and told you can't dance and told you can't fly. But if you are an eagle, you're going to take your liberty into the heavenlies. Are you still with me tonight? Listen, church. I I know you're tired, but I'm going to preach through it anyway because I'm going to tell you something. If you're an eagle, you love going to church. If you're an eagle, you love to praise God. If you're an eagle, you know you heard a voice and it told you who you were. You were no longer a chicken, but you are an eagle. Can the church say amen? He said, what it is, it's the atmosphere. when any church or any group that'll assemble themselves together and pray until they throw away their creeds and things and look straight in the face of God, it'll bring forth eagles just as certain as I'm standing here. He said, "That's what I think that this businessmen's group has done, trying to break up the atmosphere. We're getting two clanish. One belongs to this and and that. Let's break up the atmosphere and get the atmosphere in a heavenly worship. Get the atmosphere right. And eagles will be born out of any church anywhere." Oh yes. Come on. You mean they can't just be born out of word of life? No, sir. They can be born out of any church anywhere. Any eagle can be born out of anywhere. But I want you to know that you could be you could be an eagle and still chained or bound in a barnyard. Can you say amen? You could still be out of your position and be an eagle, but you'll be in a bad atmosphere as long as you stay there. But when they were in the upper room in one accord and they were sitting there waiting for the promise of God, they knew they were eagles, but they were waiting to be endued with power so that they could fly higher than the things of the world. Well, can you hear me tonight and say, "I'm an eagle." Somebody say, "I'm an eagle. I'm an eagle. I'm born to fly higher. I was made to live a life above reproach. I was made to be more than just a barnyard bird, but I was made and created to fly in the heavenlies." Thank you, Lord. You say, "Well, that's pretty simple." Well, I I think if we forget who we are and you get to thinking, "It's okay to be a chicken or it's okay to be in the barnyard or it's okay to be caged down." Listen, a and a believer a believer does not want to be bound down to the things of the world. The the things of the world might bind a believer up, but they don't want to be that way. They are always longing for the heavenly atmosphere to take control of their life. And so what I would say tonight, if you find yourself in a situation where you feel no freedom of the spirit, where you feel no God moving in your home, where you feel nothing moving in the service, I would say it's time to hear the voice again and fly higher than you've been flying. And live a life higher than what you've been living. And don't point fingers at somebody else and say, "Well, that over there's a chicken. That might be a chicken." But you're not a chicken. You're an eagle. And if you're an eagle, you were the one that was made to fly higher. Can you say, "Amen." Amen. Don't look at anybody else cuz what's around you may not be eagles. I don't know. But I'll say this. If you are, then be glad God made you different than them other birds. Be glad God made you different because if he made you different, he did it for a purpose. If he made you different, he made you that way so that you wouldn't have to be bound to this world through an ecumenical system and and all these other systems. And listen, church, everything we we see around us is prophecy being fulfilled. I'm not tied to the prophecy being fulfilled to this world. But I'm tied to a prophecy of a rapture. And if we're tied to that prophecy, you will fly like an eagle out of this place one day. It's going to take an atmosphere to do that. It's going to take a change in atmosphere. You're not going to get out of here by thinking, "Well, maybe I could maybe I could just work my way out of here through good works and and giving more money to the church." All those things are good, but none of those things are going to get you out of here in a good atmosphere. What you need is to really get down on your knees and pray because that will create an atmosphere where God will look and say, "I'm pleased with that person." He'll say, "Well done." Come on, church. Thou good and faithful servant. He'll say, he'll say, "It was good because you it was good that you've been in the house of the Lord. It was good that you worshiped in his temple. It was good that you sang praises to his name. It was good that you realized you were not bound to this world, but there was an atmosphere calling you to live higher. And so, brother Brandon would say it like this. He goes on down. He said there was he said this little eagle was walking around for the hen for a long time. But he said it was kind of strange. He didn't understand what the hen meant when she scratched. He he he didn't understand why she eat bugs and so forth. That that an eagle doesn't eat. It seems strange all to him. Listen, he was born in a chicken pin. He was born in a denomination, but it was strange to him because he was looking for something. Somebody can identify with this here today. Amen. they were in something that they were born they may they may have been saved in it but they realized they needed to be born again by something different because this wasn't going to work. This wasn't going to cut it. Some people are satisfied with just being saved in a denominational church and they're hoping to make it through the tribulation and make it to heaven, but I'm not okay with just being saved. I want to be in a rapture and have the Holy Ghost and the new birth to get me out of here. That's what I'm looking for. Brother Brandham said it seems strange. He said he was an ugly duckling. He was not saying he said I'm not saying this sacrilegious. He said maybe he was a free will Baptist. And he said something on that order, a Presbyterian. He said, "But you know one day his mother knew she had laid an egg." The eagle mother knew she had laid an egg. And he said there had to be a child somewhere. This goes right back to that seed that was planted before the foundation of the world. God knew there was one somewhere that had to come forth in the atmosphere of light. And so, Brother Brandon would go on like this. She said there was a child somewhere. So she throwed her big wings into the winds and she searched and she and she searched screaming to the top of her voice. And one day she passed over the barnyard. Are you still with me? And this little eagle heard the voice because she was screaming at the top of her voice. And one day when she passed over and this little eagle heard the familiar scream, he may have never heard that voice before, but he heard it all of a sudden and it was different. And he said he under he he recognized the scream. He had never heard it before, but he realized that it fit him like a glove over a hand. And he knew that was his mother. He she knew that was her son. And she was looking for him. So God in every age ordained his church for that age, a message for that age. And they could have laws and everything that they want to. But when that hour comes, the Holy Spirit of God, which was at the beginning and throughout all and spoke it out for that age, that spirit hunts that egg. And when he hears that message, there is no church denomination going to hold to it. It'll rise to the heights it's got to go to. It's a different bird. It's a different creature. He's an eagle. And he'll hear the scream. So when there was a seed there in the darkness, when there was an egg lay in a barnyard, there was something moving all the time to bring light for you and to say, "Lord, let's say, Brother Bill, you may have been born in a barnyard, in a chicken yard, in a chicken pin, but God has called you to be an eagle. God has called you to fly above all these denominational things. God saw that egg and said, "You know what? That's my son. That's my daughter. These are my children." And you have looked back and said, "I recognize the voice." And there was an atmosphere. Come on, church. The atmosphere changed from the clucking of the hens, amen, to a heavenly scream of an eagle. There was an atmosphere changed when you heard the voice of God. I hope that's okay tonight. Listen church, I'm not talking about a physical voice, but it was something on the inside that called out from, come on, church. It was something in the heavenlies that called you. It was something that called you different. Amen. And looked at brother Logan and said, "You weren't meant to be a denominational bird, but you were an eagle and you were called to fly higher." I hope somebody's hearing me tonight. Just because the world tries to bind you down to something or just because some message church tries to make you something or say, "Well, you can't scream, you can't shout." Listen, when the atmospheres change, nobody can hold me back from recognizing that the atmospheres are changing and I've heard a voice and and I went from an earthbound condition and now I'm flying in heavenly places. Can you say amen? Listen, church, what it is is too often we're looking at the circumstances around us and questioning whether we're eagles or not. You've looked around said, "Am I really bride? Am I really seed? Am I really?" Come on. Yes, you are. because you heard the voice and you recognized there was there was a there was a sign and and there was a voice and and then there was a message that followed it and you couldn't deny that message because when it caught that seed, you said amen to it. There was a rejoicing in your heart. There was a joy that rose up on the inside of you. It made you walk different, act different, talk different. Listen, church, it'll make you act like an eagle. And an eagle, listen, brother Random would talk about the eagle and the chipmunk. How many remembers that story? Little chipmunk would be up there in the northern woods and he was sitting there on that log and he was chatter chatter chatter. Brother Brandon would interpret those chatters by saying the chipmunk was saying days of miracles has passed. No more rejoicing. Are you okay with that? The little chipmunk was just having a little revival, but it was a revival. It was an anti-emotional revival. There was an eagle there that had more power in one wing than that chipmunk had and all the lungs. And brother Brandham said all that eagle would have had to do to shut that thing up was to just take one big swoop and come down there and hit that thing. And he said it would have happened the same. He said for him too. He said I'm standing there with a gun. He said I could have he said that eagle knew I could have reached over and got that gun. He said but by the time I reached over there that eagle would have been already gone in the heavenlies. Listen I I want to know when God has called you. You may be hearing some chatter of a chipmunk. You might be hearing some things other earthbound things. There might be a gun trained on you. Come on somebody. But God has given you the power to overcome this world and create an atmosphere. Listen, you're so powerful on the inside of you that you create, you could create another world and go live on it. The atmospheres have changed. We're no longer earthbound. We're not working up this revival. The revival was the seed on the inside coming to life. Yes, sir. It was a word seed that recognized the voice. I I want to I want to present this to you that the voice was already on the inside of you before you ever heard the voice. Yeah. Because how can you recognize something on the inside of you if you never heard it before? The little eagle was born an eagle and had recognized the voice of the mother eagle even though the eagle had never heard the voice of the eagle. But it sounded familiar to the eaglet. Why? because there was something on the inside that would that would that would know when it heard the voice that it would be something familiar to it. Before you was ever called bride, you might have been called church. But a prophet saw you and didn't call you church. He said, "I now call you bride." Why? Because he saw that you were an eagle even in your condition. Even when you were a Pentecostal baby, even when you were a in in a bad church or I don't mean a bad church, but in a church that don't believe in the signs and wonders. And a church that don't believe in the moving of God. Come on, church. We got some in the message, too. Amen. They try to quench the spirit by saying, "We don't want to get too emotional." Listen, what they need is to get on fire for God and quit preaching against the rest of the churches getting emotional and they'll find themselves in revival themselves. What we've got is some people sitting in the seat of the scornful and they're pointing at all the other churches saying, "Such fanaticism. Such fanaticism. Days of miracles has passed. No more prayer lines." I want to tell you tonight, God is not through with prayer lines. He's still healing people in this church in prayer lines. He's still saving souls in prayer lines. He's still revealing himself to young people in prayer lines. God is not through using them. When when we're out of this earth, there'll be no more prayer lines. But while we're here, God is going to use everything that he has put in the church. I want you to know you you you turn into a dead church real fast. If you start saying, "I don't want to be Pentecostal like them." If the Pentecostal experience was ever given to one person, you've got to have it, too. That's right. Come on. Not what they call Pentecost, but a true book of Acts Pentecostal experience. When did we get away from that? We can't get away from it if we want to change atmospheres. I I say the Holy Ghost is needed in order to live in an atmosphere where you don't have to live in this world anymore. Amen. You are in this world, but you are not of this world because of an atmosphere change by the Holy Ghost. Can you say amen? I want to just take this next couple minutes here and go over this. Brother Brandham said, "Did you ever go in a church?" He's talking about people taking one another's spirits. And he goes on through this and about the eagle. And he goes on down in the same sermon. He says, "Did you ever go to a church in a church where the pastor is a real starchy?" He said, "The congregation is the same way." He said, "See, what is it? It's that atmosphere that brought it." You say, "That's a dead church. You better check the person in the pulpit. He said, "That's Listen, that's why your pastor stands here and preaches passionately, service in and service out. He's not here to preach a dead religion. He's not here. Listen, he's preaching a living living God in a live message to you." And that ought to make somebody shout. It ought to make somebody feel a little something in the service. It's not about feelings, but if you got something, you'll feel something. Your pastor's not standing here. Your pastor's not standing here saying, "You need to be quiet. you needed to be, you know, listen, we're in order. You get out of order, we'll tell you about it, but you ain't there yet. And brother Br. So, what is it? The congregation the same way that it's the atmosphere that brought it. Going to a place where the pastor says, "Now, wait a minute. There's no such thing as the as that nonsense. I don't believe in that such a thing as divine healing about the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You know, you'll see every one of them, the congregation. The congregation will sure take a spirit of something, but we don't want you to take the spirit of me or brother Ben or Brother Stewart. We want you to take the spirit of him. And if you take that spirit, listen, it's going to change the atmosphere in your life. It's going to change what you are. And and I want to say this here. He said, "Sure will." He says, "Now," he said, "If there's an eagle in there somewhere, he'll get out amongst that bunch of chickens." Come on. Somebody say, "I I don't have a choice." Well, I'm going to tell you something. If you're live, if you're going to church in a place that preaches against the move of God, I say, "If you're an eagle, you'll get out of that nonsense." I didn't say it. A prophet said it. You say, "Well, listen." Well, is that is that too hard? Is that okay? Can I say what a prophet said? A prophet said if there's an eagle in there somewhere, he'll get out amongst that bunch of chickens. If they're preaching the days of miracles is passing, no more laying on the hands, no more prayer lines, no more shouting, no more speaking of tongues. Get out of that dead formal condition. God has called you to live higher than that. I hope that's okay tonight. I'm not trying to get anybody. I'm not trying to yell at you, but but but it's the truth. Anyway, can you say amen? He said, "Sure will." Exactly the truth. He'll leave it. He sure will. He can't stand that. He's an eagle. He's a skybuilt bird, not a barnyard. He said, "Now, we find out that those atmospheres, you get in wherever those things where where faith is taught in a church, you'll find a church in that atmosphere." He said, "Oh, God, let me get this to you so you can see it." He said, "There's a reason people come among the saints where they're praying and believers." Paul said he didn't find any in the city, only Timothy. That was like this precious faith that he had. He said, you know, the rest of them are all denominationalists. See, but when he got into that atmosphere, see, you you find things going on. That atmosphere has been created and you find people living by faith. When you get into a place where it says, "My, the Bible is true. God heals." You walk around their congregation, you find why? I was dying with cancer. I was healed. I was blind, but now I see. What is it? It was an atmosphere where God could move in that church. That's what a prophet said. When you've got an atmosphere like that, people are going to be healed. The sick are going to come on church. The sick will be healed. The dead will be raised there. There there'll be people coming back to the Lord. If we'll create the atmosphere, God will help us do the rest of the work because God just wants us to be a willing and able vessel to create an atmosphere. Can you say amen? I want to get down here to closing and brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, 'D did you ever go out while you're praying? Did you ever go out in the morning after a dark dismal night, look out, hanging on the closed wire, looking on the grass blade, look hanging on the leaf, it's a little dew drop. I love how Brother Brandham does this. I hope this is okay. This will be my last quote here and I'll close. He said, "Oh, they're so miserable looking, quivering as the cold, chilly winds are shaking them, but just let the sun start to rise." He said, "Watch how they shine. They're glistening." He said, "Why? You know, they were once up in the sky and the going away of the sun brought them down, but they've been up. Listen, they they come down into the darkness of night. Amen. But they knew what they were at one time. He said, they're quivering. They were miserable. He said, he said, they've been up and they've had an experience and they're a witness that there's an atmosphere to live in above this earth. And as soon as the sun is that one that draws the dew back up into the skies again, they've they've been they've once been up and now they're down. And they see the sun rising. So, they know they're going up again. So they're happy and reflecting the light of the sun. Little dew drops. Oh yeah. You're just like a little dew drop. You were already there. You've tasted the heavenlies, but the darkness brought you down. But the message brought the sunlight again and has raised you back into a place where you can worship. I know there's been dark ages. But little New Drop, it's your time to go back to the heavens where you came from. You were just down there in earthbound condition because the darkness was there. But once you saw the light, you knew you started. The brother Ram said they were quivering and shaking and it went right back to where it knew it had been before. Before you ever had an experience with God, you'd already know. You already knew what it was like to be in his presence because you came from God. Oh, thank you, Lord. I want you to think about that for a moment. You were in the thoughts of God and he'd already called you. The seed was planted there in your worst condition. Oh, yeah. And in your worst condition, God saw fit to shed his light on you. And you might have started quivering and shaking at an altar. And maybe you started acting a little funny to the people, but you knew you had felt that before because you came from God. And now you were going back to God. Don't call us crazy for acting a little crazy in church. We knew that feeling came from somewhere. It wasn't just an emotional workup, but it was from we're from God. We are God's beings. And we went back to God by the message of the hour. We were presented to him again and now we know who we are because God's voice has come in this hour and called you bride. You're not a chicken. You are an eagle. It's eagle time. It's time to rise up high. It's time to set your wings to the winds of faith. It's time to fly out of this place. Come on, church. We know who we are by the voice that we've heard and we've recognized the voice. We've recognized our day and its message and we are called to live higher. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Musicians, go ahead and come as I finish this quote. Amen. He said, "They are they are a witness. These dew drops are a witness that there's an atmosphere to live in above this earth." Amen. I love this. He said, "My blessed little child as your father in the ministry, though you may be older, but you're still my child. I have preached to you the gospel and you're dropped down. You were made to be a son and daughter of God. And maybe you've wandered away, but the son of righteousness is here with healing in his wings. And don't you want to reflect his life, knowing that you can be lifted up and lifted to your rightly position to be God's daughter or God's son? He said you do. I think he spoke that with faith to the people there. And I want to speak to the fa to the people here tonight and say, I know that you want to be an eagle. I know you want to feel the presence of God in your life. I know you want to be different. But you know what it is? We get so fa fettered and and tied to this world that we don't recognize that God's presence is so near that all we have to do is reach out and say, "Lord, I I I'm I've I've fallen back into this chicken pin again." But you know, I'm an eagle. And he knows you're an eagle. And all he'll do is he'll call out to you and say, "Son or daughter, come up a little higher and come back into my presence again." And I'll say once you've been in the presence of God, you can never be the same. One time in his presence and you can't ever be the same. Just like the dew drops, they had been there before and even though the darkness brought them down, they knew the feeling of the sunlight coming through. They felt it. You say, "Amen." You ever been down because the darkness has overtaken you? Don't worry, child. Sunlight's coming. I would like to go ahead and say, "Sunlight has come. The light of the sun is here. The message of the hour has lightened your path for you so that you don't have to live in this darkness any longer. But you've been called to live higher." Can the church say, "Amen." Let's sing this song. I wonder if we can stand together tonight. If you have a need on your heart, we'll be happy to lay hands on you or or you can pray right right there where you are. But if you found yourself in darkness, I know there's something on the inside of you that wants to live higher. I know there's something on the inside of the people. You wouldn't be here on a Sunday afternoon if there wasn't something on the inside of you that was calling you to live higher. I want you to just put a hand up to him and say, "Lord, don't pass me by this afternoon. I want the atmosphere created around me to be an atmosphere of worship. I want the atmosphere in my home to be an atmosphere of love and kindness and gentleness and meekness. I want the atmosphere in this church to be one of praise and power and glory. I want I want more of you and less of the world and less of me. Oh, just sing it now. He's to supply. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Oh, reach up. Can you do it like that? and touch the Lord. Oh, as he goes by, oh, you'll find he's not too busy. Oh, to hear your heart's cry. Oh, he's supply this moment. Oh, yes. Your needs to supply. Oh, reach up and touch the Lord as he Oh, with all your hearts now, won't you reach out and touch the Lord? You believe he's here this afternoon as he goes by. Oh, you find he's not too busy. Oh, to hear your heart's cry. Oh yes, he's passing passing by this moment. Your reach to supply. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord [Music] by. [Music] Oh, pass me not. Oh, gentle save. I wonder if we could just worship him for a moment now. Oh, won't you hear? Hear my humble cry. [Music] Oh, w you believe he's here. If you have a need on your heart this afternoon, make a move for God and say, "Lord, create in me an atmosphere." I believe this service is just for you today. Don't let it pass you by now. Lord, do not pass me by. Call to him now. Call to the Savior. Oh, I'm calling on you, Savior. [Music] Oh, my Savior. Oh, here my [Music] cry. Oh, and while all others thou are calling oh to not pass. Let's play that softly. I want us to bow our heads for just a moment. Just feel led to do this and I hope this is okay. Every eye closed, every head bowed. I know sometimes it's hard because if you if you respond to a message like that, people think that you you're living in a bad atmosphere. Listen, we're not judging here what you're living in. We're not judging that you've been bad or you've you've failed God. We've all failed God. We've all created a bad atmosphere at times. But what we do when we do that is we don't stay there. We don't stay in the darkness, but we let the light bring us back into fellowship with God. Can you say amen? If there's a need on your heart this afternoon, I just feel led to do this one time. If you have a need, I the altar's open. I I don't necessarily have to pray with you, but but maybe you just want to pray yourself. If your atmosphere is wrong in the home, I challenge you today to change it after this service and say, "Lord, I'm not going to leave here the same person. I'm not going to leave here and let the atmospheres of this world hinder my walk with God in my home, in my workplace, in the church, but I'm going to make a step of faith this afternoon. And I'm calling on you now, Lord. Don't pass me by, but change change my heart and make me love you again. Renew my spirit now and create in me an atmosphere that you'd be pleased with. If there's a need on your heart today, the altar's open. And if you don't want to come forward, maybe slip a hand to him and say, "Lord, change the atmosphere in my home. Change the atmosphere in my life. Change the atmosphere on my job and let it start with me. Let me change the atmosphere as the creator that I am. Move upon me and let me be the light that moves the darkness away. Let me be the light to somebody." We're going to sing that again. If you have anything you need tonight, amen. We'll take the time for you. God bless you. Do not pass me my crying savior. Oh, we're crying Savior. [Music] Oh my precious Savior. [Music] Oh, hear my heart cry. Oh yes and wow. All others thou are calling. Oh to not pass. Oh sing it again. Pass me not. Oh it'll say again. Oh yes pass to Savior. [Music] Hear my humble cry. While on others, thou art calling. [Music] You not pass me by. We're trying. Oh, Savior. [Music] Lord, hear my humble cry. And while all others thou art calling, [Music] do not pass me by. [Music] Then we at thy throne of mercy. Find a sweet really [Music] nearly there in deep concentration. Help my undeing. Christ saveior. [Music] Saveior. Hear my humble cry. [Music] Oh, and while others thou art call me, do not pass me by. [Music] trusting on me in thy mer. [Music] I seek thy face. [Music] Heal my wounded broken spirit. [Music] Save me by thy grace. [Music] My savior. [Music] Savior. [Music] Hear my humble cry. Follow [Music] other mothers thou art calling. You are pass me by. [Music] Thou the spring of all my comfort. more than life to me. [Music] Who have I own beside thee? [Music] in heaven birthday crying save [Music] here my Humble [Music] cry. While [Music] all others thou are called [Music] want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no love for I can never ever out love the Lord. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. For I can never ever out love the Lord. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love to you. There's just no more love for I can never ever out love [Music] to worship you to bow down. Here I am that you're my God. You're all together love me. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. Light of the world. You step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope life been with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonder. [Music] King of all days. Oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you created. All for our sake became whole. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together love me, alltogether worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. Can we give a hand clap? If anybody knows about the love of Jesus, I do. I do. Oh. If anybody knows about the love of Jesus, I do. Yes. Amen. The grace. Oh, if anybody knows about the grace of Jesus, I do. And I do. Oh, if anybody knows about the grace of Jesus, I do. And then just before we go, let's sing about the power. Oh, if anybody knows about the power of Jesus, I do. I do. Oh, if anybody knows about the power of Jesus, I do. Yes, I do. Amen. Amen. We'll sing this one time, then you're free to go in the name of the Lord. Amen. I'm free. Key of G. I love this song. Amen. We'll sing it one time through. Then you're free to go in the name of the Lord. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Yes, I am free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. And you're free to stay in worship. You're free to join. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting.
