################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-24 - Bro Joel Pruitt  Birth Pains Study Part 1  Wednesday Night 72325 - Joel Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-24
Title:   Bro Joel Pruitt " Birth Pains Study Part 1 " Wednesday Night 7/23/25
Speaker: Joel Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGGeDekX4TE
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Happy birthday. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my sior God. Let me in darkness. [Music] Oh, keep my breath and my soul satisfied. Feel my way every day with God. Oh, fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with that hill. Oh, let me [Applause] [Music] my way. Every day will be and I'll travel. Oh my [Music] god. [Music] [Music] Wow. [Applause] My way first. Let me walk. Let me walk. Blessed Lord in the way that I gone straight to the land. [Music] Just [Music] my way every day. Baby. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let me [Music] feel my way every day. Give a hand of praise this evening. Welcome everybody back. Amen. From our wonderful meetings we had. Let's sing to him this evening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. Oh, when the Savior comes, I will answer. He calls for me. I believe in my [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'll be somewhere [Music] to now in my heart because in my heart is I will If my heart is right, I'll be somewhere listening for mywhere. [Music] I'll be listening for my ro [Music] if my room is I will my room is he calls me will I be somewhere listening to my I'll be somewhere I'll be [Music] when call say that when my sior comes I We cross for I believe my [Music] I'll be somewhere my way around. I somewhere [Music] now I'll be somewhere I'll be somewhere listening I'll be somewhere listening to my name I'll be somewhere [Music] This could be this [Music] before my name. Amen. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing to him this evening to make this our prayer tonight. Amen. He's the same God tonight as he was during our meetings. Amen. Amen. He can come and move among us just like he did then. Amen. Holy Spirit, bring him down. Oh, Holy Spirit [Applause] now. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] See [Music] you [Music] as [Applause] [Music] I Holy Spirit [Music] Oh my go [Applause] [Music] [Applause] singing rain Yes. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit. [Applause] Sing it to begin one more time. Amen. Have our brothers go for the offering. Holy Spirit rain down. We're sing. [Music] Oh, how we need to touch again. [Music] See it rain down. Just let your power fall that you desire to know. Even come and change our hearts as we say on your word. Holy Spirit. Give a hand of praise and love. Amen. Amen. Our desire this evening. Amen. Just want to welcome everybody out tonight to the house of the Lord. Amen. It's not quite as loud with everybody out here like we had during the weekend, huh? Amen. Everybody's singing good though. Amen. Got a lot of Sister Carla's family in looks like. Amen. We're going to have some of them sing. Sister Fay, you up to singing tonight? You can do it, girl. You're pro. Amen. We got we got some young ladies to sing and then we'll have you sing one here in a little bit. Amen. Just glad to have all them with us this evening. Amen. And God certainly been good to us. Did we have a good weekend or what? Amen. God spoke to our hearts and we give the Lord a hand. Yes. Amen. Already many many testimonies already coming in from the prayer line that God has answered prayer and we just we're just so thankful for that. Amen. And don't have any written requests tonight. Well, remember brother Ben, he's a little under the weather, so we're going to have to listen to Brother Joel. Amen. Lord, help us. No, I'm just kidding. Amen. Brother Joel going to speak to us tonight. So, just keep him in prayer. The Lord will just anoint him, speak to us through him tonight and and just have his way. Amen. Let's keep Brother Ben in prayer. He got a little bit under the weather uh and uh put a lot of work into the meetings, a lot of hours, so I'm sure run down a little bit, so let's just keep him in prayer. Amen. Just thankful for all the help we had. You have a need on your heart this evening by the uplifted hand we have our brother Joe take these requests for us tonight. Heavenly Father Lord we come to you tonight Lord. We ask now that you'd be with us Lord in this service and continue with us Lord. We ask now for your blessings on the tithe and offering may be with brother Joel Lord. May you open our ears and our minds, our hearts Lord to hear your word. May we grow from it. May we go better from this place as we leave today. We ask you in Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Amen. Amen. Just are you ready to worship tonight? Let's try to sing this little song here. He knows my name. Amen. Are you thankful for that? Amen. I have a maker. Amen. Think about these words now as you sing them. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Before even time began, my life was in. Amen. Amen. Amen. We believe that tonight. He knows my name [Music] and he knows my every thought. He each tear that falls and he hears me when we believe it tonight. I have a father. He calls me his own and he'll never leave me. No matter where I go. Amen. Sing it like you believe it tonight. He knows my name and he knows my every thought. He sees each tear. Amen. Let's sing again. I have a maker. [Music] I have a maker. He formed my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. And he knows my name. He knows my every call. He sees each call. He hears me when I have a father. Amen. I have a father. He calls me his own. And he'll never leave me. No matter when. Addie and Maddie. Now, Maddie going to sing a song. knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each of the years. &gt;&gt; Amen. Give the Lord a handicap. Clap of praise tonight. Then we got Olivia and Elena. Is that right? They're going to sing one after they get done here. Amen. Then we'll see a sister favor for us tonight. Amen. Make sure we got all our mics on here. Everybody working. You are the [Music] healer of my heart. [Music] The maker and the God of all we are. I was the broken vessel in your hand. You looked beyond the hurt and made me whole again. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. [Music] &gt;&gt; Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that sought before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you forever. May I praise you, healer of my heart. [Music] Nothing compares Lord to knowing you [Music] and seeing what the grace of God can do. [Music] You faithfully sought me and call me your home. You made a way to bring my wondering heart back home. of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that sought before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. &gt;&gt; Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you. Healer of my heart. Now my heart is yours forever. I'm in awe with who you are. Oh now I live to praise you. Never may I praise you. Healer of my heart. [Music] of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that saw before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. [Music] Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you. Healer of my heart. Now I to praise you ever. May I praise you, healer of my heart. [Music] Amen. Other two sisters come now at this time. Amen. [Music] [Music] They want to come on. [Music] I speak the name of Jesus over you. Right. &gt;&gt; In your in your sorrow, I will ask my God to move. I speak the name cuz it's all that I can do. In desperation, I'll seek heaven and pray this for you. I pray for your heal the circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough [Music] would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name [Music] I speak the name of all authority declaring blessings every promise. He is faithful to keep. I speak the name no grave could ever hold. He is gater. He is stronger. He's the God impossible. [Music] I pray for your healing. The circumstances will change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Oh, come believe it. Come receive it. The power of his spirit is now forever yours. Come believe it. Come receive it in the mighty name of Jesus. All things are possible. [Music] I pray for your healing. The circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that the breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. I pray for revival for restoration of faith. [Applause] I pray that the dead will come alive in Jesus name. Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Thank you. Amen. Give them another hand. Amen. Sister F. You feel like singing one for us? She's looking here. Amen. We appreciate her. Amen. Amen. One thing nice about phones, you don't have to carry a big old song book with you anymore. Ain't that right? Amen. So appreciate her. Amen. Appreciate hearing her sing. Didn't bring dad with her this time. Don't look like. Amen. &gt;&gt; Haven of rest. You got that on there in the haven of rest. See if you got the words in there. I think we do. We should have. &gt;&gt; Well, that's okay. Arla's got another one for me. She got one for him. &gt;&gt; Y'all pray for me because this little thing does not agree with me and I fuss about people getting up with this and not learning their songs. So now I try to use it myself. I can't do it. [Music] I have a source of strength when I am weak. that takes me through. When life is pressing me, [Music] I have a source of power from above. I'm covered over by a shield of blood. I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. [Music] Most precious blood stains were made there just for me. For all I see, my sickness and my pain. When I need healing, I just claim those preious blood stains. I do not know how others make it through. Do not go to Calary as I do. For there's a healing cleansing stream that still flows with peace. that only [Music] his redeemed can know. [Music] I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those precious blood stains, they were paid there just for me. For all I see, my sickness and my pain. When I need healing, I just claim those preious blood stains for all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I just claim those preious blood stains. Amen. Amen. Amen. Believe that tonight. Thank you for his healing this evening. Let's stand together. Amen. We're looking forward to the word of the Lord this evening. Amen. Let's just enter in. Pull on our brother tonight. Ask God to speak to our hearts. us sing of spread your wings. Amen. Just invite brother Joel to come. Just looking forward the word. Let's enter in now. Pull pull from the gift of God tonight. Amen. Let's just do this tonight as the word goes forth now. Brother Joel comes. [Music] So spread your wings little gole and fly. You were born for the valley even. You believe it tonight in the sky. So don't let your trials get you down or drive your spirit through the grass. mount up with. Amen. Sing it now. &gt;&gt; Amen. You have a need on your heart tonight. God can speak to that need this evening. Just spread your wings, little [Music] &gt;&gt; And you were born. &gt;&gt; Oh, you were born for the sky. So don't let your trials bring you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Just m up with wings, little eagles that fly. Sing it one more time with all your hearts now. So spread your wings, little eagle, and fly. You weren't born for the valley. Oh, you were born soar in the sky. Don't let your trials bring you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Just m up with wings little go and fly. Somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. How many's happy to be in church on a Wednesday night? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many enjoyed our meetings over the weekend? Amen. Weren't they good? Go ahead. Amen. I don't think they could have went any better. I I we were just uh all the testimonies that have come in and and and the healings that have taken place. And that'll be all the music. Thank you. And all the things that have happened. Uh I I tell you what, I think the ministers that came, every one of them did a wonderful job. And and I want to say this for the church. U brother Ben would be up here doing this, but uh he got he come down with strep right after the end of the meeting and he he's not contagious. So don't look at him like that. He uh he he's good. He's on antibiotics and all those things, but he just don't have any voice tonight. So he's he's he's good. So you're stuck with me as brother David said. But uh I I will say this that uh I just felt like the meetings were just really a success. And that's not just the number of people, but it's the people that were helped and to see the people that were healed and delivered and all those things. I mean, that makes it all worth it. It it makes all the tiredness worth it. It makes all the money worth it when you can see just one soul get help. And I believe it's worth it. And the fellowship's always good. And and you people outdid yourselves. You all were just wonderful. Give each other a nice hand if you would. man, some of the best hosts in the world, uh, meetings you go to and you see how they run them and there's a lot of good meetings out there, but I felt like we just did a really, every one of us I felt like put our best effort forward and you all did a wonderful job. We'll get right into the word tonight. I'm running out of time. Uh, I did enjoy the specials. Good to see you all here tonight. God bless you. And uh, if you have your Bibles, John chapter 16 and verse 21. I I've just been doing a little bit of a study on birth pains, the sermon birth pains that brother Brandon preaches. And I just want to take almost every quote that I have here tonight will be from that sermon. And so uh if you get a chance, I would say uh if you if you can uh go ahead and listen to that sermon when you get a chance, I believe it would be good for every one of us to hear it. It's it's a it's just a wonderful message. And brother Brandham opens with this scripture on there. Actually, it's when his Bible, he couldn't find his place in the Bible. And there's a Catholic priest actually that that loans him his Bible and and tells him that must have been for a reason that he couldn't find it in his and uses his. And he explains that in the next sermon after that. But but uh John 16 and verse 21 before you're seated. A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow because her hour is come, but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she rememberth no more the anguish for joy that a man is born into the world. And you may be seated. May the Lord add his blessings to the word tonight. And if you read that entire scripture there, you'll see that that in the 33rd verse, Jesus, the Bible would tell us there in John that these things have I spoken unto you that in in me you might have peace. In the world you will have tribulation, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. So we just want to remember that. Amen. This world is full of sorrow. We know that. Amen. But as a believer, we have a rest. How many believes that here tonight? Amen. The faster you pull, the faster I'll preach and the quicker we'll get out of here. Amen. Hallelujah. Y'all don't seem real enthused about that, but it's the truth. I was told to keep it short tonight because y'all are tired and we're going to try to do that. But brother Brandon would speak here in the message birth pains. He said Jesus here was speaking of he said you will have sorrow but your sorrow shall be turned to joy. was speaking to his disciples here, knowing that the birth of Christianity was coming into existence and now the old has to die in order that the new is born to have anything that gives birth has to have pains of distress and they certainly was going to go through the pain of distress and anguish to get from the law unto grace. Now, they were in a time where you had Jesus on the scene. You had the disciples there and you would say, "Well, what we we shouldn't have any trouble. Everything should be okay because Jesus is right here with us." But but that was just the start of Christianity as we know it. That was just the ushering in of the grace dispensation. That was just then the time when they were about to go through all these things in order to be tested and tried for the gospel's sake. And I will say every believer that comes to God must first be tested and tried. Do you believe that tonight? And so brother Brandon would talk about birth here. He said natural birth types the spiritual birth. And all things of the natural is types of the spiritual. He said, 'We find out that if we look out here on the ground and see a tree in the earth growing is struggling for life. That goes to show that there is a tree somewhere that doesn't die because it's crying out for something. We find people no matter how old, how sick, what condition, they're crying out to live because it shows there is a life somewhere where we live forever. And the believer said, "Amen." He said, "Notice how perfect." And he quotes here 1 John 5:7. He said, "For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and these three are one." And he goes on to say like this, "There are three that bear record in earth, that's water, blood, and spirit. And they agree in one." He said, "Now notice the first three are one. The second three are earthly, which agree in one, and cannot have the father without the son. You cannot have the son without having the holy ghost. But you can have the water without the blood, and the blood without the spirit." And he goes on down to talking about the birth. And he says a woman or anything in travail for birth the first thing comes to pass the breaking of the water a normal birth. The second thing is the blood and then comes life and water blood and spirit. And he said and that constitutes the normal natural birth. And so is it in the spiritual realm it's water justification by faith believing on God receiving him as your personal savior and being baptized. Second is sanctification of the spirit that God cleanses the spirit from all elements of the world and the desire of the world. And then the Holy Spirit comes in and gives new birth and fills up that sanctified vessel. Now in Matthew 9:16, it says it like this. No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment. For that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment and that rent and the rent is made worse. Neither do men put new wine into old bottles, else the bottles break and the new wine runth out and the bottles perish. But they put new wine into new bottles and both are preserved. So if you're still have a love for the world and you're still desiring the things of the world. Amen. You need to be justified and sanctified and then you need to be filled with the Holy Ghost. But God is not going to fill your vessel if you still have no desire to be filled. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; So the Bible would would tell us that and brother Brandon would pick it up. He said now for instance like this he said now that I told you what what he said now he said what you don't believe lay aside then take the take the pie. He tells you to spit out the the pit and then spit out the bone and eat the chicken and and so you can do the same with me tonight if you want to. But I'm going to read a lot of quotes. So So hopefully you can believe what a prophet said. How many believers we got in the building tonight? Somebody say amen. He said now he said you go and there's a piece of glass laying out in the chicken yard. You don't just pick that up and put it on your table and fill it up with water or milk. No. He said by picking it up is justification. Cleansing it is sanctification. Because the Greek word sanctify is a compound word which means cleansed and set aside for service. Not in service but for service. And then when you fill it, it is put in service. Now that's why brother Brandon would also say a man should never stand in the pulpit until he's met God face to face. Amen. That doesn't mean a literal burning bush experience, but a man must have the Holy Ghost in order to preach this message. Amen. And understand the spirit that it was brought in. Can you say amen? And so we want to understand that God does not want a man that is still desiring the things of the world. And I want to just clarify this here that that there's going to be many men that will fall. There's going to be many men that make mistakes and will stand in a pulpit. That doesn't mean they didn't have the Holy Ghost. But I'll say this. If a man has the Holy Ghost, he will desire the things of God and he will do everything he can. Amen. To to stay clear of those things that would that would pull him down. Amen. But but a man could fall and still have the Holy Ghost. How many believes that here tonight? Amen. That doesn't mean you wasn't saved. It doesn't mean you wasn't filled. Amen. But you you backslid. So we go on like this. And brother Brandham would say it like this. He said, "In order to get a life in the baby," he goes back to the birth pains here. He said, "In order to get life in the baby, you've got to give him a spanking." &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. You make him yell out. So have you ever been in a hospital room when there's babies are being born? &gt;&gt; Anybody? Nobody. You've all got kids and you've never been in a hospital with kids. All right. Well, let me tell you. Let me tell you about it then since you've never been there. And some of y'all got dozens of kids, it looks like. And and so you go into a hospital room and and and I'm going to tell you something. There's nothing there's nothing pretty about a birth. Life is beautiful, but there's nothing pretty about the birth. And so and and you know there's pain and there's a lot and I know all about it. So and there's all kinds of pain and things that's going on there. And I've had a kidney stone. Does that count? They they they tell me that's pretty close. And uh I don't know how they know, but but they say it's pretty close. But you think about it, there's there's it's a mess. The birth is a mess, but be from the birth and the mess comes life. &gt;&gt; And so I believe that that's the way it is. If you don't want a mess in your salvation, then you really don't want life. If you really can't get down to an altar and ball and squall and and snot a little bit and just cry and pray through, you may not really be serious with God. Amen. But when you get serious with God, it doesn't matter what you got to go through to get there. You got to get to Jesus. And I want to say tonight, what we need more than anything is to not worry about such a such a beautiful service, but what we need is the Holy Ghost to come into the service. What we need is not to have such form and and fashion, but what we need is the Holy Ghost to move upon our young people and old people alike. Amen. It's not good enough to just come and say we're having a service, but we want God in our midst. It doesn't matter how it makes us act. We want God to be present among us. And I'll say the reason there was testimonies in the meetings is because there was a group of believers that come together and we didn't care what the world thought about us. We didn't care what one another thought about us. But we came for one purpose and that was to see souls saved and and demons cast out and and to worship God in the way that we know how to worship God. Amen. We heard a preacher stand here and say you can't you can't worship him without a divine revelation because you don't even know who you're worshiping. But I'll say here tonight that if you've got that revelation, then you're a blessed people. If you've got the revelation of who he is and who you are, then you can worship freely in the house of God and without form or without anything that would hold you back. Well, well, maybe the the preacher will preach against it. No, he wants to see you worshiping just as much as anybody else does. Can you say amen? God wants his people to worship him, and we must worship him in spirit and truth. Can you say amen? Amen. But in order to get life, there's got to be a mess. In order to get life, in order to have a birth, there's got to be birth pains that brings that brings a birth. Can you say amen? Amen. A lot of you that have been through it. Amen. You you may say that you it may be like any nothing else. It may be the worst pain that you've ever been through. But I will say this as a Christian, when you're dying out to self, when you realize that I've got to surrender what I am in order to be what God wants me to be. Amen. It may not be easy. Amen. But it's but it'll bring life to you. Can you say amen tonight? Amen. God wants you to surrender. He wants you to give everything to him. And if you can do that, it may be painful. It may be hard on you. But God wants you to be a to be a child of God. He wants you to be a born again Christian. He wants Come on, somebody. Amen. God wants you to have that experience even though it may be painful for you. But he knows on the other side of that is victory. He knows that after the birth there's going to be life. He knows that if you'll humble yourself and pray, then God will heal you. Amen. He knows that if you'll get yourself out of the way long enough, then God will create life in you. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. God wants to do it more than you want it. But we've got to get sincere with God and there's got to be birth pains. Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said, he said, "Now, without education, my brethren, as my brethren here are so well trained, he said, "But I have to take nature to type it." And there you are. He said, "That's what happens when a real spanking to get this to them." He said, "You take a little some kind of a shock. Maybe maybe you wouldn't have to spank him. Just a little shock. Shock him a little. The very idea of him being born sometimes will do it. Grab him. Shake him. Don't start breathing. Spank him a little. And then he yells out in unknown tongues. He says to I guess to himself. And and he and anyhow and he said he's making noise. He said, "I think if a baby is born just by still birth with no sound, no emotion, that's a dead baby." &gt;&gt; Well, come on, church. I know people are trying to quiet us down and tell us to be orderly and things, but the babies have got to be born. The young people have got to have an experience. And there a still birth a still birth baby is a dead baby. But one that makes some noise is one that was born. &gt;&gt; And so brother Brandon would go on like this. He said I think he said I I I I think with a baby with no emotion. That's a dead baby. That's what's the matter with the church today. The system we got too many stillborn children. He said they need a gospel spanking. You see to wake them up to bring them to themselves so that God can breathe the breath of life into them. And now we find that that's so true. He said it's crude theology but it's the truth anyhow. And the bride would say amen to that. Amen. He said so see in a seed's birth the old seed must die before the new one can be born. How many knows that to be true? That's what a prophet would say. He said so therefore death is hard anytime. It's painful. It's distressful. Birth is the same way because you're bringing life into the world. That's why a birth for a Christian, a new birth is so painful because you're dying out to yourself. You're dying out to what you were in order to be born into the newness of life. And the church said, "Amen." And so he would go on like this. He said, "Birth is the same because you're bringing life." He said, Jesus said that his word was a seed that a swer went forth to sew. He said, "We're all acquainted with that." Can you say amen? He said, "And I want to teach this like a Sunday school lesson." And he goes on like this. He said, "But remember the seed is only bringing forth new life when it when it dies." And that's the reason it was so hard for those Pharisees to understand our Lord Jesus Christ because they were under the law. And then the law was the word of God in seed form. He said, "But he said but but when the word was ma was made flesh and become not law but grace." He said, "Now grace and law cannot exist at the same time." And so you'll see when Jesus was preaching there, the law was having to die in order for grace to take effect. Can the church say amen? He said they cannot exist together. &gt;&gt; Y'all ever heard the message before? It's what a prophet said. Amen. You can't live under the law and then say you're living under grace &gt;&gt; because you come on church. Amen. The law. You could none of you could live the law. I couldn't live the law. Amen. Aren't you thankful for the grace of God tonight that we're no longer living under the law, but we're living under grace in this hour? And so, brother Brandon would say, he said, because grace is so far above law, law is not even in the picture. And therefore, it's so hard for the Pharisees to die to their law so that grace could be born. I want to stop there and say this. If you're still trying to go back to what they used to do and you're still trying to observe the laws and the feast days and the holy days, let me tell you something. You're trying to live under something you're not ordained to live under. Amen. But grace has called you to the message of the hour. Grace has brought you this far. And grace is going to take you all the way home. Grace is why there was people healed in the meeting. Grace is why you're here on a Wednesday night. Grace is what brought us together. Come on, church. Grace, without grace, there would not be a one of us here tonight. But every one of us needed grace. And God would come in the son of man and he would say, "I I my grace is sufficient for thee." Come on, church. Amen. in your in your sin, in your your darkest hour, in the sin that you were in. His grace was enough for that sin. I don't care how low you were. I don't care how downtrodden you were. I don't know. I don't care how bad you were, Sister Stephanie. His grace was enough for you. His grace was Come on, church. When you really recognize the that the grace is here among us and we're living under grace, then we can realize it ain't how good I am or how good you are, but it is God that is good and we're under the grace that he has given us. Oh, the church ought to say, "Amen." Amen. Grace has brought us this far, church. Grace brought us through another meeting and there was healings. Grace brought that baby right there that you're holding. Grace is still sufficient for the believers in this hour. &gt;&gt; I say grace is enough tonight. He said the law is not even in the picture. And therefore, he said it was just a shadow of things that were to come. Amen. But but grace is enough. I want to just drive that point home. Grace is enough. &gt;&gt; We sit in the seat of the scornful and we're so critical about things all the time, but grace is enough. I I believe in holiness, but sometimes you need grace for people because maybe they ain't where you're at. Maybe there's people that aren't living where you're living. But but but grace will bring them to the place where you are. Come on, church. And then grace might take away your critical spirit as well. &gt;&gt; And the church said, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham would say it like this. He said, now he said, "The two laws could not exist at the same time. There cannot be a law that says you can run this uh semaphore. And the other one says that you can run it. One says you can and one says you can't." He says there has to be one law at a time. Amen. You go up to a red light and if it's a red light, you got to stop. If it's a yellow light, you yield. If it's a green light, you go. That's what you need to tell people when you're behind them. Honk your horn. Tell them to go. sitting at a green light and and Pentecostal cursing or whatever they call that. But but I'll tell you what it is. Many times we we we we try to say, "Well, if you try to say, "Well, green means stop and you're going to cause a wreck and and and red means go." What it is, you can't live under the it's got to be a law. There's got to be something there. Amen. But grace grace is greater than the law. &gt;&gt; And brother Brandon would go on like this, and I'm not going to get to all this tonight, so you just have to bear with me. We'll stop when we run out of time. Brother Brandon would go on. He said now he said but at this time it's red stop. See, and so there cannot be two laws exist at the same time. But did you notice? He said the pond lily had to be. He said, I think of what Jesus said, consider the lily, how it toils and spins. But yet I say unto you that Solomon and all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. For Solomon's glory and his arignment was all artificial. But the lily in its beauty is life that's making its beautiful, not some artificial smear on it, paint on it. Just like our Excuse me, brother Brandon goes here. So I'm going to go here for just a second. He said, "Just like our women." He said, "I don't think you have to have all this green, you know, and eyewinkers and and out like that and all the manicure." And he got that mixed up. He said, "But the paint on your face." And he said, he said, "To make you pretty. Pretty is as pretty does. If you all would add a little Acts 2 and 4 with a little John 3:16, it'll beat anything that Max Factor ever did try." &gt;&gt; I tell you what, a prophet can put it blunt, but it's truth anyhow. Can the church say amen? He said, "Your husband will love you more. Everybody else will, and I'm sure God will." And then he gets back to the lily. So, we're going to just stay right with him here tonight. He said the lily, he said, consider it how it grows and toils. It has to bring itself up. You know, if you ever look at a pond lily, it ain't it's not easy before it gets beautiful. &gt;&gt; It has to work to get that way. Can the church say amen? Amen. That there's got to be a there's got to be a pain there in order for it to come through the mud and through the the pain of growing in order to become the beautiful lily that it is. And he said it has to come through the dirt, the muck, the mud, the muddy waters, dirty waters. It pressed its way through all of that, this little this little germ of life. He said, working itself from the bottom of the pond where the frogs and things are at, and then it brings itself up through all of that. But when it gets in the presence of the sun, it's born. So you say, why do we want the presence of God in our services? Because that's where children are born. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. It's good to have the word. And it's good to have the understanding and the revelations, but we must have the presence of God in the services. &gt;&gt; It's not, listen, it's not just for our meetings. It's not just for Sunday morning, but it's for every service we come in here. I know y'all are tired tonight. I won't hold you long, but I want us to never throw away a service. I want us to never say, "Lord, it's just another service. I don't know if I'll get anything." No. Come expecting and believing that the presence of God is going to show up and is going to take care of whatever situation you're going through. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I believe this right here tonight. Listen, church. I I know we've been through some good preaching. I was listening to one of them preachers today again and I thought, Lord, I can't believe I got to preach tonight, but I was sitting there thinking, you know what? It's not about the preacher. It's not about even me. It's not about you, but it's about letting him come in and make himself welcome in our services. It's about letting him come in and and do what he wants to do to your to your body and your soul and your spirit. He wants to change your mind. He wants to make you act right, do right, live right. God wants to do it more for you than you want him to do it. Amen. God is always wanting to do good things for his children. Listen, he watched you. He watched you come up through the mud. He watched you come as a lily. He watched you in your bad condition, but you always were a son or daughter of God. &gt;&gt; That's message teaching there. You always were. You didn't become a son. Listen, I I didn't become a son of of John Puit after after I was born. No, I was born a son of John Puit. Amen. From the very moment of conception, I was a son of John Puit. And so if I was, then I always will be. Amen. Whe for better or for worse, I'm the son of John Puit. And so I will tell you tonight, you always were a son or daughter of God. Amen. You don't get to choose who your father is. God chose you before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; And if God chose you, then he's going to see you through every trial. Amen. When you're at the bottom of the pond with the frogs and the tadpoles, amen, he's going to bring you up through the mud and he's going to watch you grow. Amen. But in his mind, he already saw you as the lily that was beautiful above all the things of the world. &gt;&gt; That ought to do something for us tonight that in his mind, Sister Janie, he already saw you coming forth as pure gold. He already saw you overcoming the world. He already saw you a as a as a pure, virtuous, sinless, spotless bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Even in your bad condition, God knew who you were. &gt;&gt; Amen. But it took pains to be birthed into this bride. It took pains to be birthed into where you are. It's both natural and spiritual. You didn't get here the easy way. Amen. Every son that comes to God must first be tested and tried. Amen. I would say every person here tonight, you've either been in a trial, you're about to go through a trial, or you're going to go through, listen, church, every one of you going to go through a trial. Amen. Some of you are coming out of one. Some of you are still feeling the victory of the meeting. But don't worry, Satan's going to be hanging around saying, "Just as soon as the meeting feeling wears off, I'm going to be right there to give him some more sickness. I'm going to be right there to try to bring him down again. But don't listen to that devil because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Greater was the the the seed, the life in the seed of the lily. Amen. Than the mud that tried to hold it down. Come on, church. Greater was the seed, the life in the seed. Greater was was the life in you that was already placed there before you were ever born. Greater is that than every demon that tries to hold you down. Listen, before God ever filled you with the Holy Ghost, you were a seed of God. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I'm going to go am I going to go to hell?" If you were predestinated for this, you can't go to hell. But if there is a seed on the inside of you, you will be thirsting for life. If there's a seed on the inside, you're going to say, "Lord, I want to be filled. Lord, I need more of you." You're always going to be hungering and thirsting and seeking God. Why? Because he found you and sought you. And now you're going to come running after him. Why? because something on the inside of you was built for such a time as this. &gt;&gt; Brother Ray would go on like this. He said the little seed burst open into life. It cannot do that until it goes through all the process. It's got to come through that. He said that's what makes it is because that the sun itself is what's drawing it. And when it gets fully above all the dirty waters and muck and so forth, then it's so happy. It just gives life out freely. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, why why do we get so happy?" because you've pressed through and now you've seen the sunlight. Oh, come on, church. And now you know that you're no longer just a seed, but now you can see yourself as a lily that has grown and you Well, I hope somebody's with me here tonight. Is this making any sense? Amen. God has brought you from somewhere to where you didn't look good. You didn't think you were much, but he brought you and set you aside for service and clean you up. And he wants to fill you with the Holy Ghost. He wants to make you a beautiful picture and a reflection of the grace of God. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said, "I think that's a beautiful type of a Christian life. When something is drawing you out of the world until one day you're born right into its presence by the Holy Spirit. How beautiful. If you try to help it, you'll kill it." He and he talks about a chicken. Some of you will remember Brother Windle's story about about the duck. And so, Brother Brandon would say here, he said, uh, he said, notice, he said, he said, right on top of his little beak or any bird that's born from an egg, it's got it's got an old inner part of the egg has to rot away and it has to take this little beak and scrape back and forth until it breaks the shell out. He said, we call it pipping its way out down in Kentucky where I come from. Pipping its way out. They have never found a better way. See why? It's God's provided way. You try to help him, you'll kill him. Pick the shell off of him, he'll die. He's got to labor and strain to break forth. And that's the way a Christian has to do. It ain't somebody just shaking your hand, taking you in. You got to lay there till you die and rot and are born into the kingdom of God. It's God's provided way. You don't go in by a book or shaking hands or join, pump up, pull down. You just simply have to get away from the old shell. I say tonight, get away from the old shell and just worship God in the way that he's worthy of worship. Brother Brandon would go on down. He says, "Notice, no better way have they ever found." They they they found no better way for a baby to get what it wants besides God's way for it. He said, "When that little baby is born, you could set a bell down there beside his little crib and say, "My little son, I'm a theologian in the way I've read books on how to raise a baby." And I tell you, you're a modern child. You've been born in a modern home by a modern parent. And when you're hungry or need, just ring the little bell. It'll never work. Some of y'all parents know this. Amen. They do cry for it. Sometimes it's the worst time, but they cry for what they want. He said, "Don't be ashamed. Say, I'm hungering for God." Don't care what the deacons, pastors, or whatever it is around. Scream out anyhow. The Joneses are sitting there. What difference does it make? Cry out. That's the only way there is to get it until you get help. &gt;&gt; You say, "We need quiet." I say, Brother Brandham said, "The only way you're going to get it is to cry out." The prophet in 1964 and 1965, several places I saw this, you'll never get what you want until you cry for it. You never get what you want until you get the formality out of the way and cry for what you want. Listen, God wants you to ask for big things. God wants you to ask for your healing. God wants you to ask for salvation. God wants you to ask for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And he has provided a way for you to come into the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said the old system had to die in order for the new to come on. When Wesley's age ceased and all the little ages or blades that come out on the stalker, the tassel in Wesley's time, he said when Pentecost come out with the restoration of the gifts, they had to come out of the Baptist, Presbyterian, Pilgrim, Holiness, Nazarene, Church of Christ, so-called and all that, they had to come out of it, rot away from it to accept the new birth. He said, "You're always called crazy." But it's as Paul said when he rotted out that of what he once claimed. Said, "In the way that's called heresy, that's the way I worship the God of our fathers. in the way that's called heresy. See, he had accepted the new life that the Old Testament had give birth to the new and he had to rot away from the old and just make it a shadow. He said that's just where we are at now. He said, now bear with me, but that's my idea. The churches has got so systematically to you can't get into one unless you belong to one. You've got to have a fellowship card or some kind of identification. And by believing this, the only door I he said he had open was the businessmen. He said, "As long as they're not an organization, I go with them. But I get to bring the message that I feel that's on my heart to the people. But it's got so systematically and I love you Pentecostal people. And Pentecost is not an organization anyhow. You just call yourself that. Pentecost is is an experience and not a denomination. But you see the thing of it is it's so hard for many men when they look at it and they believe it and see it so identified by God in the word. And yet it's so hard to rot away from that thing you've been in. What would I do? Where do I get my meal? God is your meal. God is the thing for you to hold on. seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. I'll leave it lay at that. He said, you know what I'm talking about. We are told by God's prophets that you are that we are to have a new earth and a new heaven and a new earth if you want scripture. He says Revelations 21 and I saw a new heaven and a new earth for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away and there was no more sea. He said it was gone. Now if we're to have a new earth, the old earth and the new earth cannot exist at the same time. Or the new world and the old world cannot exist at the same time. There can't be two world orders together at the same time. Now, in order to get the earth, the new earth, the old one has got to die. And I'm going somewhere. I'll be there in just a minute and we'll close. But he says now, he said that it's giving birth pains for a new one now. So, I want you to notice that we are testifying now by the world events and the things that are going on around us. Amen. That this world is groaning, amen, to be to be dissolved. And this world is groaning for a new earth. This world is groaning for something that maybe it doesn't even realize. But nature itself is changing. I believe we heard this maybe in the meetings over the weekend. Amen. That the earth is thing that things are happening and the the nature is not even right. And I believe brother Josh said it. He said even the animals are are having struggles like they've never had before. Amen. But I want to say it like this. There is a new heaven. There is a new earth. There is a new kingdom. And somebody's got to inhabit it. Somebody's going to be there. And it's going to be those that have worked their way up from the toil and the mire and the muck and the dirt and the mud. Amen. Somebody. Somebody say, "Well, I don't know if we're ever going to make it." No, you're going to make it because God has chosen a bride. You know, God will have a bride. And if he called you to this message, I would say just hold on to it. Amen. And let the message hold you because God has called you, Amen, to be the inhabitants of the new world. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said, one of the first things the doctor does, he said, he's been watching the patient is to time the pains. And he's talking about the earth having birth pains here. And he said after he's been watching the patient his time the pains, birth pains they get, how many times the pains, how close they are together, contractions and things like that. He said how much more terrific each one gets. Terrific is probably not the word I would use, but but you know they get worse and and so and I don't not that I know how they feel, but he said how much more terrific each one get. One is harder to have than the other and the next one's still harder. Get closer together. And he said that's the way he diagnoses the case by the birth pain. So if you want to diagnose where a world is, amen, watch how things are happening. It's getting worse and worse. And you say, "Well, we had bad stuff happen years ago, but watch, it's getting more and more and worse and worse. And in the world, we're having trouble." Amen. But be of good cheer. He said, "I have come to overcome this world." Come on, church. You are the body of Christ. Amen. You were not put here to go down with the world, but you were put here to overcome the world and come forth and live in a millennium reign. Can you say amen? Amen. I don't believe it's good enough just to make a just to make it to heaven through the tribulation and things like that. I guess I'd rather see my my my my family there that way than any than know not at all. But I'll say this. There is a bride. There is a bride that's going to stand the worst of times. Amen. There's going to be a bride that's not going to walk away from this message. There is a bride that is going to come forth as pure gold. There is a bride that she's going to look in the mirror one day and say, "You know what? Say, yeah, I see myself in the scriptures. I see myself in the message. I am coming forth as the lily. I may have been in the mud. I may have may have been in the mire. I may have been downtrodden and forsaken, but with Jesus, I'm never alone. He said he would never leave me. He would never forsake me, but he would be with me till the end of the world, through every toil, every trial, everything we've been through. God has always been faithful. Can the church witness with me tonight? Was he faithful in our meetings? He's faithful here tonight. He'll be faithful come Sunday morning. I mean, he's going to be faithful next week. And if the Lord carries, he'll be faithful at the next meetings. If you're sick, then God can heal you. If you're if you're backslid, God can bring you back. If you got lost loved ones, God can still bring them in because we were not put here to lose. But we were put here to win and be overcomers in the toils of this life that we're going through. Amen. Don't let the toils take you down. Don't let the trials get you down. Amen. But keep pressing on. There's going to be a bride that keeps pressing on until she sees the break of day. And someday when the Lord would come back, he's going to look at you and say, "You've worked hard for this. Amen. you've toiled and you've cared and my grace has brought you this far. But then you're going to look at, come on, church. You're going to get up and you're going to say all of a sudden, Brother Herald's going to look in the mirror and his hair is going to be changed back a different color. Same amount of it, but it'll be a different color. And he's going to look in there and he's going to be saying, "Lord, I think the rapture is upon us and his loved ones may come in the room with him. No doubt his children will be standing there." Come on, church. You You say, "I I I'll miss it. I might miss Don't miss it for nothing because every trial that you've been through is worth it all when we see Jesus. &gt;&gt; Everything you go through is worth it. Every time you have to plow, every time you have to preach to the people, and sometimes you don't feel it. And sometimes the people aren't receiving it, but if you'll plant the seed, God will water it and bring it forth. I know sometimes Wednesday nights you get tired and things. And my time's almost up, so give me five minutes. Will you do it? You give me five minutes. Anybody? &gt;&gt; I got 10 or 15. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you something. God did not bring you here to lose you. &gt;&gt; He didn't give you the message just to lose you. He didn't give you the message and say, "Go ahead and sit in a denominational church." He said, "Get away from those walls. Come in to where the where the glory still is." Amen. And I'll tell you what, I I'm ashamed of some of our message churches who are trying to do away with the Holy Ghost moving in the services. That's not what a prophet taught. He told us it takes noise. If any birth is a mess and any birth has got to have some noise to it. I'm telling you tonight, I want to see our young people. If it takes all the noise and and all the screaming and shouting, I say scream on. Because what I want to see is a birth inside of them. I I want to see them come forth. Amen. As children of God and not just say, "Well, I've joined Word of Life." No, it ain't good enough to go to Word of Life Church. Amen. You're not going to be saved because you come to Word of Life or or you go to any other church or Christian tabernacle or or or or Word of Life in Tennessee or you can name Evening Life Fellow, any of them. Listen, you're not going to be saved by that. You're not going to be saved by where your attendance and your attendance record. I believe in going to church, but that's not how what saves you. What saves you is nothing but the blood of Jesus. And his grace has brought you into a glorious life. And so, you don't have to no longer be fighting and fussing and saying, "Lord, I don't know how I'm going to get there." No, but you can see the vision that has been placed before you. And that is a message of the hour and a rapture that is upon the church. &gt;&gt; I say tonight, we need to give up and let Jesus take over. We need to give up on our own ways and say, "Quit trying to do it our own and say, Lord, I know there's going to be birth pains. I know there's going to be trials. I know that this is not a flowery bed of ease, but in every in every situation, you've been faithful. In every hardship, you've always been there. In every time that I fell down, you picked me up. Come on, church. Every time you had a bad day, amen, a good day was coming. Every time that the devil tried to tell you you wasn't good enough, you could go listen to the message of the hour and it wasn't about you. It ain't your works that saves you. Amen. But is God rich in mercy. It's God that brought you here. It is God that has raised you up. Come on, church. Every one of us are going to make mistakes. Every one of you are going to fall. Amen. There's a process of birth that that is messy. There is a process of a birth that is hard. But I'll tell you tonight, if you'll just hold on to Jesus, Amen. He's never going to let you go. But if you'll stay in the presence of the sun, then all things are possible to the believer. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Amen. Don't worry about what's coming. I believe a rapture is coming for you, but don't worry about the atomic bombs. Don't worry about the news. Listen, it's negativity, but what you've got is a message that says we're going to get out of here. What you've got, it says through every every birth pain, it's just ushering us in closer to a millennium reign. Amen. So when you look at the news, I mean, the world's going down, but we're not going down with it. We're going to be changed. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Brother Brand would say this. I'm going to skip way on down here. Way on down here. Way on down here. Way on down here. And we're going to get to a close. Can we do that? Y'all are saying amen. Brother Brandham said it right here. He said, "A true picture of the modern church today." This is in another sermon. and brother Brandham actually right here I took this one from the invisible union of the bride of Christ and I just wanted to finish on this one here he said a true picture of the modern church today neither does the modern church want any of these here screaming shouting tongue speaking Acts 238 youngans around her yeah see she don't want any of them whooping and crying and screaming amen hallelujah why such a child would immediately put her out of her denomination they had one like that in one of the churches why they'd throw her out right quick why you letting such stuff as this go along so you see she's pregnant with something cuz she's bringing forth members all the time, but she don't want none of them screaming, hollering, blabbering. Acts 238, miserable creatures as she thinks they are. It would certainly embarrass her. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. He said it would certainly embarrass her. He said, he said it would ruin her and her educated ethical uh scientific society church that she belonged to here. They would throw her out at the next council. She can't have it. So, she don't want to be pregnant with the word because that's the only kind that the word can bring forth. All right, &gt;&gt; somebody ought to say amen to that. When you think we're too emotional, that's the only kind that the word can produce. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, the word the word is all I need." But the word will produce a birth. The word will produce a changed life. Come on, somebody. The word will change you and make you act different. The word will bring forth an Acts two church. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Brother Brham would say, "Born of the spirit of God, it has the spirit of God in it." No intellectual church join and creed going, Bob hair, painted face. There's no such thing as that in all of it. You don't find that in the word of God. You find an old-fashioned, sanctified, Holy Ghost fil of the spirit of God, screaming, hollering, shouting, and praising God. &gt;&gt; Is he worthy of it? Did he bring you this far? I wonder if you would come. Record time right there, buddy. &gt;&gt; I told you I wasn't going to hold you long tonight. I want to tell you something. When the meetings are over and the devil comes back around and says, "Well, the preachers are gone, the services are over, the crowds get smaller, but he never left me. &gt;&gt; He's still the same God tonight as he was on Saturday night. He's still the same God on Monday morning as he is on Come on, church. Have we limited God's power? Have we put God in a place that he can only be here on certain days or only on Sunday mornings?" No. God has called us to live for him and and to die daily. So that it's a life of sacrifice to the believer. Amen. But we know that God is right there all the time. Every time you have to make a decision, God is there. &gt;&gt; Every time you have to call on on the name of God, he he's always there to answer you. Every time there's a child that's sick, he's never too far away. &gt;&gt; Every time you need a job, God's not that far away. He can provide for you. He's our healer. He's our provider. He's everything to us. The least we can do is quit trying to become a formal church. But praise him anyway. Praise him in the valley because he's going to bring you to the mountaintop. Praise him down in the mud because he's going to bring forth a lily. Praise him in the pig pin because he's going to bring back prodigals. Come on, church. What we need tonight is praise him anyway because God inhabits the praise of his people. And I want to be where the people are praising God. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Let's stand to our feet tonight. worthy of it all. You believe he's worthy here tonight? Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh yes, you are worthy of it all. Can you just praise him for what he's brought you through? You are worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Sing it one more time. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Yes, you're worthy, Lord. You are worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Sing it one more time. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Can you raise your hands and sing it to him now? Lord, you are worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, you are worthy of it all, Lord. You're worthy. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve glory. Can we sing? When I think about the Lord now. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. know it makes me want to shout hallelujah. You believe he's worthy of your praise here tonight. Oh, can we just praise him as we sing it? &gt;&gt; And all the honor and all the praise. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he saved me. Has he saved you? How he filled me with the Holy Ghost. How he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Oh, can somebody praise him in the building tonight? If he's worthy, we'll just praise him now. And all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Sing it again. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Amen. You love him tonight. I like this one. Something keeps holding me. Oh, something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality cuz Jesus is holding me. He's singing again now. Oh, something keeps holding me. [Music] Every day I see. He's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me. He's the reality cuz Jesus is holy. Sing it one more time. Oh, something keeps holding me. Every day I see. He's helping me faithfully to my tri. [Applause] He's got me constantly giving me victory. [Music] He's a reality. But Jesus is holding me. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. I sing because I'm happy up here. Well, I sing because I'm so happy. Oh yes, I see. Because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. For his eyes is on the sparrow. And I know I know he watches all. Oh, sing with all your hearts now. Oh yes, I sing because I'm happy. Oh yes, I sing because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. Well, his eyes is on the sparrow and I know I know he watching. Oh, sing it one more time. Oh yes, I sing because I'm happy. Are you happy tonight? Oh, yes, I think because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. But his eye is on the spare [Applause] and I know I know he watches. Oh, you're preaching. I want to hear you sing it one more time. Oh yes, I sing because I'm happy. Oh, I sing because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. Well, he's on the SP and I know he watches over me. Aren't you thankful for what the Lord has done for us? Amen. I mean, don't don't lose your meeting experience because the meetings are over. Amen. But that's something that should be renewed every day of our lives. Amen. Every morning we wake up, it's another day to fight the devil. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Every time we get out of bed, you know what? That's one more day. We've already defeated the devil. We've won. We we we've we've come forth in life again. Listen, I I tell you, if you think the devil's going to win, I tell you what you do. You just get up and take a hold of the word of God and say, "Greater is he that is in me than he that's in you, devil." Amen. I believe if you resist the devil, he's going to flee from you. Can you say amen? Somebody give the Lord praise here tonight. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Why don't you look what the Lord has done? Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me up just in time. I'm going to praise his name. And each day just the same. [Music] Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Sing it again. Why don't you look what the Lord is? Is there a testimony in the house? Oh, look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me just in time. I'm going to praise his name. And each day he's just the same. Oh yes. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Sing as you go now. Oh, we're singing. Look what the Lord has done. Oh yes. Look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Lord, just in time. I'm going to praise his name. And each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, why don't you look what the Lord has done? Look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. I'm going to praise his name. [Music] And each day he's just the same. [Music] Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done.
