################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - Our Allotment in the Promise Part 9 “Issachar” Bro. Ben Pruitt 4-30-25 - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-01
Title:   Our Allotment in the Promise Part 9 “Issachar” Bro. Ben Pruitt 4-30-25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnszwD3khak
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Excellent. [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh. [Music] Oh, heat. Hallelujah. down. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, down. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] And what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jes. Jesus, we will sing and shout the [Music] victory. Oh, sing the wonderous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the manions bright and blessed. He'll prepare for us a place. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. And while we walk the pilgrim pathway, clouds will over spread the sky. But when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sigh. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. So let us then be true and faithful trust in serving every day. Oh just one glimpse of him in glory will the toss of life repay. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory. Go onward to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will behold. Soon the pearly gates will you believe that? Tonight we shall tread. Let's clap our hands and sing it now. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. Well, I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Well, this poor man cried and the Lord heard me and save me from my enemies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. them. He will deliver them with all your hearts now. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, magnify the Lord. Oh, can we magnify his name tonight? Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and [Music] see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in [Music] him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all ye saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything with all your hearts now. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. [Applause] Oh, let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Ever ending praise. May our incense rise. And let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise and may our incense rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with thee. Oh come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name for I'll sing the chorus again now. Oh magnify the Lord. I wonder if we could put our hands up to him and exalt his name. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name. Oh, sing it one more time. [Music] Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name [Applause] forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight. Is that what we came to do is magnify the name of the Lord. Amen. As our ushers would come this evening, we have just a few written requests. Before we announce the request though, I want to say a very happy birthday to Brother Robert Smith right back there helping us with our slides. We appreciate Brother Robert. And he is 39 today. He said yes. He going to hold on to that. Also, uh this Saturday is uh um wedding shower uh for brother Riley and Sister Bella at Sister Carla's house um at noon this Saturday at noon. Uh if you're going to make it, please let Sister Carla know. That way she can plan uh for the meal that will be served. So that's this Saturday at noon. Just keep that in mind. If you have any questions about that, see sister Carla or or uh u check in with somebody. We can get you an address where she lives. And also by way of request um we just want to say um we're going to continue to pray for Sister Glorella and we're just believing for good reports on her. I believe they were back at the doctor's today. Also, uh brother Isaac, Isaac Andrews uncle passed away. His name was Luke. He passed away I believe this morning. Uh so just remember him in prayer. Don't believe he was very old. I'm not exactly sure what the situation was there but just continue to remember that family in prayer. Um also brother Bruce Sims u let us know that he wasn't feeling well. He had a cold in his chest and his head and just remember him in prayer. I know there's several out tonight. Just remember all of them. Um, also, uh, if you would remember, uh, my family in prayer will be gone this weekend, uh, at a wedding. Uh, brother Ben will be there as well. We'll be at a wedding on Saturday and then brother Ben's going to be speaking in Chicago there on Sunday. And I'll be speaking up at uh, in Wisconsin and Brother Joel Fiat's there. So, just remember us in prayer if you would and be praying for the services and the brothers that'll be holding down the fort here. Amen. How many has a need on your heart tonight? Amen. Just let it be known by an uplifted hand. Brother David, would you take these needs to the Lord? Heavenly Father, Lord, we just come before you tonight, Lord. We just want to say that we love you. We just want to give you praise, Lord, and thanks for your great greatness, Lord. Your love and mercy, Lord, and just being who you are, Lord, in the good times and the bad times, Lord. We just know your hand is in control, Lord. And just want to give you praise for that, Lord. We just come before you of these requests, Lord. You see every each and every need that was read over the pull pit, Lord. Just move on on their behalf, Lord, as your grace would allow it. Lord, just be with them, Lord, and just move on them behalf, Lord. They're uplifted hands, Lord. You know the needs beneath each one, Lord. Just thank you for this day, this service, Lord. I just pray you'd just be with our brother Ben, Lord. Just anoint him, touch him, Lord, as he speaks, Lord, and just help us enter in, Lord, and worship you this evening, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Be seated. Oh, you are all I've ever wanted. Just come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me and fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now. Pour your spirit. Sing the chorus one more time. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall just like the rain and saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup [Applause] again and heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now for your [Music] spirit. And my God is awesome. Move mountains, keep me in the valley, hide me from the rain. And my God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I've been weakened. Forever he will reign. And my God is awome. He is awome. Lord, you're [Music] awome. Awesome. My God is awesome. Lord, you are awome. Awesome. [Music] Awesome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. And by his stripes I'm [Music] healed. And my God is awome. Today I am forgiven. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. And my God is awesome. Lord, you are [Music] awome. He's awome. Awome. My God is awome. Lord, you are awome. You're awome. Awesome. My God is awesome. Do you believe it tonight? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. Sister Tanya, come on and sing for us. We're going to wear her out while she's here. And how many's enjoyed Sister Tanya coming and singing for us? Amen. Uh we're going to get so used to her singing. We're going to miss her when she's gone. So, uh we're going to just use her while she's here for as long as she'll stick around. God bless you. I've enjoyed being here, too. Really met some wonderful people. And we'd never get to meet everybody, you know, if we didn't have friends in all these um very deserted places out here. But y'all just pray for me. [Music] A country where no twilight shadows defend. It's an unending day where night will never be. It's a city where no storm clouds will ever gather. Oh, and this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, what will it be when we get over [Music] yonder and we join the throne around the glassy sea to be our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven means to me. It's a place where there is no peace, understanding, and from all intent we're free. and kind words to whom the heart is spoken. Oh, and this is just what he needs to be. What will it be when we get over yonder and we join the throne around the glassy sea? We'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven brings to me. And when at last we see the face of our Jesus before who loves all. And when I crown him, Lord of all, I'm going to be there. Oh, and this is just what he means to me. Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder and we join the throne around the [Music] blessing. We'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven needs to be. And you enjoy that tonight, man. This is just what heaven means to me. I thought I thought Sister Carla's mom was the only one that sounded like Vestal. And so, man, there's too many young people in here. You don't even know who that is. Old folks are like, well, she's that's my generation. Well, let's sing this. I am redeemed. How many's redeemed here tonight? Amen. I tell you, we get a little thunderstorm on the outside. It wouldn't hurt to have one on the inside. Amen. Let's just sing this with all our hearts now. Well, I am redeemed. I've been bought with a price. Oh my Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you oh just who I am, oh won't you tell them that I am redeemed. Sing that first verse. Oh, where there was hate, oh love now abides. And where there was confusion, peace now reigns. Well, I'm walking with Jesus. I'm a child of the king. Oh, and it's all because I am [Music] redeemed. Well, I am redeemed. Oh, I've been bought with a price. Well, my Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you oh just who I am, won't you tell them that I am redeemed? I like this one. Well, I'll tell of his favor and I'll tell of his love. Oh, I'll tell of his goodness to me. Oh, he purchased my redemption. Oh, yes, he did. with his own precious blood and from sin. Oh, I am set free. With all your hearts now, we're singing I am. Oh, how many is redeemed here tonight? Bought with the price. You know my Jesus has changed. my whole life. And if anybody ever ask you, oh just who I am, oh, won't you tell them that I am redeemed? I wonder if we could stand together and sing it again. Oh yes, I am redeemed. I've been bought with a price. You know my Jesus has changed my whole life. [Music] And if anybody asks you, oh just who I am, oh won't you tell them that I am redeemed? Are you redeemed tonight? Can you give the Lord praise for it? Amen. I think we're just going to go ahead and sing that one and invite the pastor out on that one tonight. I wonder if we could sing that second verse again. Amen. Could we just sing that again? We're going to go do I'm redeemed again. I'm sorry. I I had a different song, but you know, that's a good testimony tonight. You believe you're redeemed by the blood of the lamb? Amen. Where there was hate, love now abides. Where there was confusion, peace now reigns. Amen. I believe we can just sing that tonight with all of our hearts. Amen. As the word goes forth, I believe because of this message, a we have answers and there's no more confusion, amen, in our minds. You know, we don't have to understand everything, but we believe it. And so, we just cast aside every doubt and everything tonight and say, "Lord, whatever you have for me in this service, I'm going to receive." How about you? Can you say, "Amen." Amen. Say, "Praise the Lord tonight." Give the Lord another hand clap of praise if you would. Amen. As the pastor comes, let's sing this with all our hearts. Oh yes. Where there was hate, oh love now abides. And where there was confusion, peace now reigns. Oh yes, I'm walking with Jesus. I'm a child of the King. Oh, and it's all because I am redeemed. Can you testify with me now? Oh, yes, I am redeemed. Yes, I am. I'm bought with a price. Oh yes, Jesus has changed my whole life. Well, if anybody ever asked you, oh just who I am, won't you tell them that I am redeemed? Can we try that second verse again? Oh, will I'll tell of his favor and I'll tell of his love and I'll tell of his goodness to me. You know he purchased my redemption with his own precious blood. Oh and from sin. Oh I am. Are you free tonight church? Then let's sing with all our hearts now. Oh yes I am redeemed. I've been bought with the price. Lord Jesus, you change my whole life. Well, if [Music] anybody asks you just to I am. Oh, why don't you tell them? Oh, I am redeemed. Aren't you glad to be redeemed tonight? Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, I'm so thankful to be in your house tonight on a stormy night, Lord, and many couldn't make it, but Lord, we know you're here. You said we're two or three. We're gathered together in in thy name, Lord, that you would be here. And so we're gathered, Lord, and we're gathered in your name under a commandment given by you. And I thank you, Lord, for meeting us here. Pray you'd meet every need, Lord. Whatever it is that we have. I don't know what the needs might be, but you know, Lord, and I pray you would meet those needs tonight. Speak directly to each and every heart. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Genesis chapter 49 verse14. Let's go right into the word tonight and it's uh brother Stewart and brother Malachi got will be here on Sunday. Brother Stewart on Sunday morning and Malachi on Sunday afternoon. So I'm sure you're looking forward to that and you'll get a little break from from me and and Joel for a weekend, but I'll be back for next Wednesday. My niece is getting married, so we're looking forward to that. And they grow up so quick. It just seems like they're born and then the next day they're getting married. I watch all these kids growing up in the church. And we sure love our our young people, don't we? And such a privilege for me to see them in the altar, many of them, on Sunday night, and it just they have a heart for the Lord, and they want to do the right thing. And and so sincere in their approach to God, and I I just want us all to be that way. I I want to be more that way. And and he said, "Except you come as a little child, you'll never be able to receive the kingdom of God." So, I'm thankful I'm thankful we can do that tonight. I'm thankful for our children and but we'll be gone for this weekend but we'll be back on Wednesday. And Genesis 49:14 Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens. And he saw that rest was good and the and the land that it was pleasant and bowed his shoulder to bear and became a servant unto tribute. Amen. I pray the Lord that his blessing to the word. You may be seated. I don't often uh get away with reading poetry in a sermon, but if you would uh indulge me tonight on a Wednesday night, I couldn't get away from this one by Robert Service uh called The Ordinary Man. He said, "If you and I should chance to meet, I guess you wouldn't care. I'm sure you'd pass me in the street as if I wasn't there. You never look me in the face, my modest mug to scan, because I'm just a commonplace and ordinary man." But then it may be you are too a guy of every day who does the job he's told to do and takes the wife his pay who makes a home and kids his care, works with pick or pin. He said, "Why pal? I guess we're just a pair of ordinary men. We plug away and make no fuss. Our feets are never crowned. And yet it's common coes like us who made the world go round." And as we steer a steady course by God's predestined plan, hats off to that almighty force. Ordinary man. I think when Jesus was here, he was seen as an ordinary man. He was not seen. Brother Brandon said he didn't look like a leader. The Bible says there's no beauty. We would desire him when when he come to the Jordan to be baptized by John. John saw an ordinary man come to the Jordan. But when he saw the spirit rest on him, he knew there was something extraordinary about this ordinary man. And it's by the spirit of God today that our lives can be extraordinary lives because of the spirit of God resting on us. And so he cried out, "Behold the lamb of God." Because he saw the spirit of God rest upon him. We know that the woman at the well saw an ordinary man come to the well and then sit by the well. And yet when he began to reveal the secrets of her heart, she realized that he was more than an ordinary man. We find Zakius when he was in the tree, he saw an ordinary man come by his tree. But yet uh when he when he looked up in the tree and he said told him who he was, what his name was said, I'm going to eat with you today. Zakius knew that he was an ordinary he was no ordinary man, but he was extraordinary because God had given him insight into his life. And so we we may be ordinary people today, but God has given us an extraordinary insight into the age that we're living in. When we approach these uh these sons of Jacob, they're all so different. And I guess the thing that uh that that strikes you about Issachar is Issachar was such an ordinary guy. He he was such the tribe was such an ordinary tribe. In fact, if you if you'll read later in Judges 10, uh in Judges 10:1, it tells about Tollah, who was the judge from Issachar. And what's remarkable about Tola is he judged Israel for 23 years, and absolutely nothing happened. Yeah, that's kind of church I want, you know. But you know, there's always something to write about. And all the judges have different things written about them. And when it comes to Tollah, who's the judge for Msachar, it's like nothing, absolutely nothing happened worth writing about the entire time that he was judged. That's just the kind of tribe that they were. And and I think that's most of us if we would just really be honest. We're ordinary guys, ordinary men, ordinary women who live in an ordinary place and ordinary houses, drive pretty ordinary cars, depending on how deeply we are in debt for them. and and and we we're just ordinary people, but we serve an extraordinary God who who's able to take these ordinary things and make something extraordinary out of them. But most most people aren't rich, and most people aren't uh aren't uh famous. Most people uh maybe locally, but most people aren't famous in the big scheme of things. Most people aren't influencers in any way. Most people aren't even preachers. Most people never stand in the pulpit. But and yet and even as a preacher, I think most of us preachers are pretty ordinary. But yet ordinary people are the backbone of a church. We couldn't have church without everyday ordinary working people who just come to church and love the Lord with all their heart. And so I want to thank you ordinary people on a Wednesday night that you come to the house of God in spite of the weather and the things that were going on and you said, "I I just want to hear from God tonight." And And so it makes you something more than just ordinary people. Yeah. Issachar means higher or wages. Wages. In Genesis 30:17, it says, "God hearkened unto Leah, and she conceived and bear Jacob the fifth son, and Leah said, God has given me my hire because I have given my maiden to my husband. She called his name Issachar." So it was her wages. Jacob said, "He's like a strong donkey laying between two burdens." Believe it or not, in the east, it was it was an honor to be compared to a donkey because a donkey was a very important animal back then at Jesus. Kings rode on donkeys. When Jesus rode on a donkey, it was actually the way a king would come into town. And and so in Genesis 49:15, it goes on to say he saw that rest was good. Boy, I I identify more with him all the time. And and I don't think it just means that he liked to take naps, although that might have been part of it. But he saw that rest was good and the land that it was pleasant. So the part that God gave him, the portion that God gave him, he was satisfied with that. And so he he bowed his shoulder to bear and became a servant of the tribute. So he bowed his shoulder to bear. He put his shoulder to the wheel and worked. A and I want you to uh and maybe some of our younger people, many of them are not here tonight, but some of them will hear this. I think all of us elders and and especially you that are older than I am, that you would understand that the best way to have rest is to not be lazy. Right? The best way to have rest is to put your shoulder to the wheel. The the best way to have a church that's at peace, is to is to tackle the hard things while they there. and and take care of them instead of letting it fester and then and then you'll have a church at peace. The best way to have a retirement is to work, right? And then one day you get to retire. The best way to the best way to uh have money is to save money and not spend as much money. So So it's just a principle even in the scripture that the best way to have rest is not to be lazy. We know that there's a rest for the people of God. In Hebrews chapter 4 and verse 9, it said, "There remainth therefore rest to the people of God." That as Issachar found rest in the land, so we find rest in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He said, "For he that has entered into his rest, he also has ceased from his own works as God did from his." He said, and and he says something here in Hebrews 4:11 that almost sounds like a contradiction, but he said, "Let us labor, therefore, to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief." So the word labor is actually to use speed, to make effort, to be prompt, to be earnest, to give diligence, to endeavor, to labor, or to study. So we labor to enter into rest. We work to enter into the Holy Ghost. We're diligent about pressing into the kingdom of God to a place of rest because that's the only rest that we're going to find. So we we're diligent in doing that. So that's what Issachar did. They were diligent in putting their uh shoulder to the wheel, putting their shoulder to the load and bearing up the load because they found that the land was a place of rest. And I want to be diligent in in in in doing the things of God and doing what God's called me to do because I found the Holy Ghost is good. How many can say amen to that tonight? I found the Holy Ghost is good. I found the land is a good land flowing with milk and honey. I've eaten the grapes from the land. I know that it's good. I know that it's sufficient for me. And so, I want to press into it. Do everything I can to enter that rest. In the natural, we press. I know we press. I I I I tend to think with empathy of our young men that work because I did that for many, many years. and you work and Wednesday nights are difficult because you work so hard and get your family ready and rush to church and and hope you don't fall asleep and hope they don't fall asleep and and so you have a difficult time sometimes on Wednesday night. But why do you do that? Because you you you're pressing to get into that rest because there's no rest in the world. There's only rest in Christ. But we we find that we have to press to get our bills paid. And somebody can say amen to that. We we press to get our bills paid and we press to uh to do the work that's necessary so our families can have rest. And it's a principle that we've got to do that. He didn't leave us here to do nothing, but he left us here to do something. And we're not talking about works for salvation because you can't work. That would make you a mule, right? That that's that's the downside to it. It would make you a mule if you work. Brother said the mule always works and don't know who its mommy is. Don't know who it daddy is. We don't work for salvation, but we work because of salvation. We work to press into salvation into the kingdom. Proverbs 6 and6 tells us in the natural says, "Go to the ant, thou sluggered." In other words, watch the ant, consider her ways and be wise. The the ant is always busy. That's the way we ought to be naturally and spiritually. So he says uh verse 7, which having no guide, overseer or ruler, provideth their meat in the summer, and gatherth their food in the harvest. Nobody has to tell them to go to work. Nobody has to tell them to lay up a store for the winter. They just know to do that. And so it comes out of their nature to do that. He said, "How long wil thou sleep, oh slugard? When wil thou arise out of thy sleep?" I'm not preaching at people sleeping in church tonight. I hope you're still awake. We haven't been here very long. So he said uh he said, "Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep. So shall thy poverty come as one that travelth. I want as an armed man." In other words, if you won't get up and work, poverty will knock on your door. You won't have to go looking for it. It'll be there, right? And and and it'll knock on your door like a repossession agent, right? Maybe as a repossession. Povertyy's coming knocking if you won't work. Thank God for men that'll work. Brother Brandon said they asked Brother Brandon said, "Will a Christian work?" He said, "That's the one who only one who will is a Christian." So he he said uh if you won't get up and work, povertyy's coming to knock at your door. And so we don't want to be slothful. That's the biblical word or the at least the the King James word and in that we don't want to be soughtful naturally and we don't want to be sawful spiritually because just because our work is ordinary doesn't mean it isn't important. Just because it's an ordinary Wednesday night doesn't mean it's not an important Wednesday night. Just because it's an ordinary service don't mean it's not an important service. Just because it's an ordinary family doesn't mean they're not important. Just because we're ordinary people don't mean that God hasn't put a great importance on us in the age that we're living in. I say we ought to put the same importance on it that God put on you. Brother Brandon said he said you're the purchase of his blood. He said if I had a a vial of his actual blood, he said, "What would that mean to me? How I would hold it and make sure cuz I knew that would be his actual blood." He said, "How much more the purchase of his blood?" Right? So we should treat one another right. And because we're not just ordinary, but God has bought us and purchased us. So, we work and we work to do the right things. We're diligent in doing the right things. Proverbs 12:24 says, "The hand of the diligent shall bear rule, but the slothful shall be under tribute." The soughtful man, Proverbs 12:27, roasteth not that which he took in hunting. Right? And so he's so lazy is the kind of picture he's painting is that he hunts but he don't even bother to he kills it but he don't even bother to cook it to eat it. He just wastes it. He said but the substance of a diligent man is precious. So in other words he watches and and a diligent man will make sure that he's not a wasteful person. I say help me Lord. Proverbs because we live in a very wasteful society. Proverbs 15:19 says, "The way of the slothful man is as a hedge of thorns." So in other words, if you're lazy, because that's what the word sawful means. If you're lazy about the things of God or about even natural things, everywhere you go, there's going to be a hedge of thorns. There's going to be a reason why you can't do anything. Right? There's always going to be an excuse why you can't be there or do that or or work there or do that. Come on, church. Right? to a person uh my old pastor told me one time he said if you want somebody to do something in the church he said give the job to somebody who's already busy he said because that person will do something but a person who's not busy usually they they don't want to work but I I'm thankful for all of you that are workers I'm not preaching at you tonight it's just where we're at here in the scripture I want to be diligent in those things don't you so the the desire the Bible says uh he that is slothful in his work is brother to him that is a great waster. And then in Proverbs 21:25, the desire of the soughtful killth him, for his hands refuse to labor. So he becomes envious and he becomes covetous because of his desire for things and for money and for things like that, but his unwillingness to work to get them, right? So he becomes covetous and tries to get rich quick, right? come up with some scheme, right? So, we've all seen this. Whole nations have been caught up in this. That's what the Russian Revolution was about. It's what communism is about, right? It's a bunch of people realizing that we don't have what they have. And and many times it was an unfair system and and things, but instead of bringing freedom, it brought tyranny because they it was it was built on covetousness. It was built on the desire of a slothful man. He covetth greedily all the day long, but the righteous giveth and spareth not. Well, I want to be one like that. I want to I want to I want to guard my resources so I have to give to someone that needs it. I want to I want to I want to corral the things that God's given me. Make sure it don't get away. And again, I'm talking naturally, but I'm talking spiritually as well. I want to make sure the gifts that God's given me that I that I work with that that I make sure I'm the best that I can be. I realize I'm never going to be some great preacher somewhere, but let me be the best preacher that I can be. Let me be the best pastor that I can be. I I think our musicians ought to want to be the best musicians they can be. Our deacons and all of the officers in the church, we want to be the very best that we can be because God gave us the ability to do what we do. We didn't do that on our own. God gave us the ability to work. God gave us the ability. you young people, if you're able to work and make a living, God gave you that ability, then you ought to do everything you can to make sure you're diligent with that. So, Proverbs 26:13 says, "The soughtful man saith, there's a lion in the way. A lion is in the streets." So, he's always imagining a danger where there's work involved. Right. Well, you know, and that turns spiritually, too, because you find people are always afraid, well, if I testify, the devil's going to get me. Well, he's going to get you either way. He's coming after you. He's He's going about like a roaring lion. You might as well testify. Let your faith match your testimony. As we talked about on Sunday, he said, "As the door turneth upon his hinges, so doth the slothful upon his bed." And in verse 15, I I've told Peter and you know the best way to sleep good at night is to work hard during the day. I was talking to a young man who became a Baptist pastor and he had just become a pastor. He said the most difficult thing he said when I worked he was a he was in carpentry. He said when I worked every day physically he said I could sleep. He said now I can't sleep. He said because I don't put in that physical labor. There's something about that that when you work hard, you you sleep better. And so it says the soulful hideth his hand in his bosom, it it grieveth him to bring it again to his mouth. So he said he's so lazy he won't even feed himself. Huh? Now come on. We can take that spiritually, too, right? Well, I would listen to a tape, but I'd have to turn on the the tape player, and I got distracted on the way. But Lord, help us to be diligent about those things. I'd read my Bible, but you know, I I'll do it tomorrow. I don't have time today. Let's be diligent about it because we know it's important. It feeds our souls. So again, he in verse 16, he said, "The slugard is wiser in his own conceit than seven men that can render a reason." So in other words, it the not only is the sorrowful man or the lazy man or woman that whatever the case might be, they are not only uh they are not only sure of themsel or they're not only lazy, but they're sure that that's the best way to do things and you can't talk them out of it. So again, a soulful man will blame God for not giving him food when God gave him hands to work. Yeah. Right. A mind to think. And we ought to thank God for that because not everybody's got that. Not everybody was born with hands to work. Not everybody was born with a mind to think, but we were. I thank God for that tonight. And feet to walk. Right. A farmer can't complain about a crop not coming up if he never plants it. That's right. Right. If you never plant it, you can't complain. Whatever you sew, you're going to reap. Listen, if you never worship God, you can't complain about bad services. You can't complain about poor worship if you never worship. Come on, church. Well, there's something about that. You got to put something in to get something out. So, we find that Issachar put something in and he got something out. He he he was an ordinary man, but he saw that rest was good. So, he put his shoulder to the wheel and he began to bear the load. What if we did that? What if we recognized I said that the Holy Ghost, God's rest, was good and put all the strength we had in doing his will. What did he say the greatest commandment was? Love God with all your heart and all your mind and all your strength. Not just halfway, but do it with everything that you got. If it's worth doing, it's worth doing, right? Are you with me so far? So, Brother Brandham talked about how in the spiritual realm, he said that actually persecution strengthens the church. He talked about how the early Pentecostals, there was a story in the early Pentecostal church and Sister Anna Gene Moore actually uh wrote a book about this and I actually read the book. I had it. I may still have it in my library, but there was a book written uh about this incident that uh a woman was was uh did giving a testimony in church and worshiping the Lord and and somebody come by the church and they begin to shoot through the windows and and most of them hit the floor. But this one woman, she just stood there in the spirit worshiping God. And it was documented the bullets actually hit her dress and fell to the floor. That's right. Because she was just in the line of duty. She didn't know any better. And brother Brandham says this about that incident. And he said, "Persecution always gives strength to the church." He said, "We've had it too easy. We get slothful. We get to a place where we don't want to move on because everything's just handed to us." He said, "It takes sorrow and tears and sweat and prayer and faith." He said, "And promise to move forward in the power of the Holy Spir. We're going to raise our kids, right? It's going to it takes some input from the parents. It's going to take some trial and error. It's going to take some Yeah. You said, "Well, I'll make a mistake." Yeah, many times I make many mistakes, but let me get up and try again. Let me go again. We're going to get to that in just a moment. Now, look, in Hebrews 6:11, it says, "We desire that every one of you do show the same diligence." So he said, "I love the diligence that you're showing, but show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope until the end that you be not slothful. Don't be lazy, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises." He goes on to talk about Abraham. In other words, don't be lazy. Don't be a lazy Christian. Be like Abraham. Get up and follow God. When God says to do something, get up and do it. Why? Because you might as well. You can't make your own by your own effort. Abraham couldn't call himself. But when he was called, he got up and went. Hallelujah. Get up and follow God. When we work for the Lord, listen, many times, as I said, we might make mistakes, but if we sit here, that is certainly a mistake. We're sure to fail if we sit here. Think of the three lepers that were sitting there outside the gate of or in the gate of Jerusalem and and the Syrian army was outside and the people wouldn't let them inside and they said, "Well, we're just going to die." And one of them spoke up and said, "Why sit we here till we die?" They said, "We're going to die anyway. We're going to die of starvation if we just sit. We might as well get up and do something." So they went to the enemy camp and found that God had already taken care of their situation for them. If you get up and move, you'd find he's already been moving. He's already been working. Sometimes we just got to put feet to our faith. Yes. Right. Do something. Do something about the situation and see if God won't honor that. And so, you know, God was with Moses. Brother man preaches an entire sermon about that. He said, "As I was with Moses, so I'll be with thee." It's what Moses or what God spoke with Jehovah spoke to Joshua. And and but Moses had many failures and many mistakes. And we we know that he was a man. He he must have had failures. And we read about him in the scripture. But brother Brandham says this about that. He said, "What a consolation that must have been to Joshua." When he heard God say, "As I was with Moses, so will I be with you." Because Joshua, he he had been with Moses all those times that Moses made those mistakes. He said, "God, if you never left him, you'll never leave me." So that gives me courage. Amen. To know that you'll be with me. Even if I fail, you'll still be with me. He said, although if I'm trying and I fail, God won't leave me. How many How many love the Lord for that tonight? God won't leave me if I fail. If I'm trying to do something and I fail, God won't leave me. I never He said, "Have much confidence in anybody that's too afraid to do anything. I'd rather be found a failure than too lazy to try." Let's go to Matthew chapter 25. I want to look at the parable of the talents in relation to this. So, we're going to come back to Issachar at at some point, but I don't want to hold you long tonight. So, we'll just go right into the scripture. Matthew chapter 25 and verse 14. Jesus said, "For the kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods. And to one he gave five talents, to another two, to another one." Now, here's the reason why that he gives each one a different amount, right? He it's not just random, right? Gifts are not it's not just random, but he gives one according to his several ability, right? So, he knew, brother Brandon said, if you want to see if you're called to do something, he said, first see if you can do it. That'd be a good thing. See if you can do it and then and then if you're called to do it. Now he said to he gave to every man according to his several abilities. So each one had a different ability to work and to do with the master's money with the master's talents. And straightway he took his journey. And he that had received five talents went and traded with the same and made them other five talents. And likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two. So it' be like if you had a business, the business grew. It doubled in size. So this big business doubled in size. It's a small business doubled in size. He said, "But but he that received one went and digged in the earth and hid his Lord's money." Why? Because he was afraid to fail. Right? That that's the whole reason why he did it. He was afraid to fail. Because he thought, I know the reputation of my master that he'll require of me what I what he gave me. So to in order to keep it, I'm just going to bury it. Right. Yeah. So he was afraid to fail with it. He said, "If I take it out and try to trade with it," he said, "I'll I'll lose it, and if I lose it and have nothing to give him, he'll punish me for that." So that's what it was. He was afraid to fail. And after a long time, the Lord of those servants cometh and reckonth with them. So he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliverest unto me five talents. Behold, I have gained beside them five talents more. And his Lord said unto him, "Well done, thou good and faith." Oh, don't you want to hear that one day? Well done, thou good and faithful servant. Thou hast been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord. Again, he that had received two the same thing. He said, Lord, I've gained two other talents beside them. And his lord said unto him, well done, good and faithful servant. You've been faithful over a few things. I'll make thee rule over many things. Enter into the joy of the Lord. And he which received one talent and came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art a hard man. In other words, I know how you deal with people that have gifts. I know how you deal with people that that are given things. And and I know you require them back. Yeah. So I was afraid. He said, "And I went and hid thy talent in the earth." He said, "Lo, there thou hast that is thine." Come on. And his lord answered and said unto him, thou wicked and lazy slothful servant. He said, "Thou kneest that I reap where I sowed not, gather where I have not stroed." He said, "Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usery or interest." He said, "Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath 10 talents. unto every one that hath shall be given. He shall have abundance, but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath, and cast you the unprofitable servant into outer darkness. There shall be weeping and nashing of teeth. Brother Brandham says this about that. He said, "Every man will have to answer for his talent." See, I won't have to answer for what God gifted you to do, but I have to answer for what God gifted me to do. Right? And each one of us have to do that. He said, "God gives men talent and they have to use it." He said, "Some can preach like a house on fire and the other different things." Right? And and it's not that one's more valuable than the other, but God knew his several ability, right? And so he what did he do? He didn't give my wife and I the same things. He gave us complimentary gifts that we could compliment one another. He didn't give me and brother Joel the same gift. He gave us complimentary gifts so that we could work together. all of us together. He gives us complimentary gifts knowing that we would be in church together. See, God knows those things. He knew we would go to church with Allan. He knew that we would be together and go to church together. And so, he gifts us in a complimentary way. But how we use those gifts is is on us, right? He lets us do that. And I'm thankful that he does because that's where our reward comes from, right? Because we're already saved. We're going to make it. We're sealed to the day of our redemption. But I want to take as many with me as I can. I want to have a crown when I get there. I want to I want to have stars in my crown. I want to have rewards because there's a great reward ceremony coming when you get there. I remember uh not to digress very far because it's Wednesday night, but I remember uh the biggest award ceremony I was ever part of was in the Philippines. I I was uh I preached a youth camp and then at the end of the youth camp they had awards and the Filipino people really they like their rewards and their awards and so they they made trophies for everybody and it wasn't just give a trophy to everybody but everybody won something like if you couldn't win a game they they invented a game you could win. So they they ended up man they had so many trophies. I think we sat there for three hours. I was sitting at the front. I fell asleep in that in that while they were giving those trophies and they had to wake me up to get me out of there that night. It's a true story. Actually fell asleep in church. So y'all can feel better about that tonight. But but it was so it went so long. It was about 1 o'clock in the morning I think when they woke me up. But but it was and it was after a long hard week. So, I got a little bit of an excuse, but but what it was was a great trophy ceremony. They thought so much of that why people like to get it and it didn't mean nothing. It was real cheap little little trophies, but but to them it meant something, right? It was important to them. It's important to me to make sure I got some trophies on the other side. And so, if you see me strive, if you see me press, come on. I think we all ought to be that way. It's important to us that we have some trophies on the other side because he's worthy of those because we're going to give them back to him. He gets all the praise. He gets all the glory for everything he's enabled us to do. He gave me the ability to work, to provide. He gives you the ability to care. My He gives my wife a different ability than he gives me, but both of them comes from God. He gives you all the seed to plant. He he gives you all the uh the ability to to plant the crop spiritually and naturally and he will require it require it at our hand. Yes, sir. Now, brother Brandham says this. He said, "We're not a perfect people." I think we could all say amen to that. We make our mistakes. We do things that's wrong. But he says, you see, love covers all of that. Yeah, we're willing when we see our mistakes to come back and apologize to one another. He said that's warriors. That's really men and women that's gallant. Any man can go out to the battlefield that's got nerve enough to walk out there. But when he gets knocked down, then get up and try it again. See, and with as many he said as 120, I guess there were 120 people there in that particular service. He said, "You're bound to find things. Sometimes the enemy will sweep in among you and through your minds and start this and that. He said just stop when he does it. So whenever the enemy tries to bring something and say, "Well, so and so don't love me." And and usually it's somebody in in a position. So they'll say, "Well, the pastor don't love me or the song leader don't love me or the deacons don't love me or the church doesn't love me." He said, "Just stop when he does it." Yeah. Think back. Think of this morning. Think of the times when you're sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I think Sunday, and not to put too much on it, but I think Sunday morning and Sunday afternoon was a banner day in the house of God. I think that'll be a time we ought to be able to look back on it and see God did that and and we're remembering what God did. We're testifying of what God did. I believe this service can be a banner day in the house of God. Why? Because he said, "We think about these times that we're sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Some some of you are plumbers and some are carpenters and some this that and the other. In other words, you're ordinary workers like Issachar was. You rub arms with the world each day when you're out there. But when you see those things and great temptations rise, just remember these little sacred places where you're sitting. You see why the devil wants to take that away from us. He don't want us to have that something to put our our stake down on, something that we can we can count on. He said, "Remember these sacred places. Remember these sacred places where you're sitting together with the only thing that lasts. Your jobs will fail one of these days. Your health will fail. Even your life here on earth will fail. But that won't fail. And if he is the center of all things, someone say all things. Then let's keep our minds on the centerpost. What has drawn us to this? Yes. Now I want to use most the rest of my time tonight on on this that there was a cautionary tale to Issachar. He worked. He was willing to work. He saw a v had a vision for his life and a goal. But in the end, he become a servant to tribute. And the reason was because the tribe of Issachar according to history, they became indentured servants to those around them, which is basically slaves because they never could see a profit in war because they worked. That's who they were. They worked. They made money. They liked peace. They liked quiet. So they never could see a an advantage to fighting. Right. Right. And there's sometimes you got to fight. Right. Sometimes you got to stand and fight. Yeah. Sometimes you got to go toe-to-toe with the devil. Yes. Listen to me. Every one of us at some point in our life is going to face a serious situation where we got to either become come in bondage to the enemy or fight him. Come on. Yeah. Right. And so the tribe of Issachar actually got to a place where they would not they would not fight anybody because they lost revenue. So they would rather pay a tribute and become indentured servants than they would to see to give up their profits for a while in war. But some things are worth more than money. Brother Brandham in the message he tells us he said give us more. Another Patrick Henry, he's speaking about politics. And this is what Patrick Henry said in his famous speech, give me liberty or give me death. He said, "Our brethren are already in the field. Why stand we here idle? What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid, almighty God." And I believe this applies spiritually, church. He said, "I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty or give me death." He said, "We got to fight or die trying, but we don't want to be slaves." I think we ought to we ought to have that kind of attitude when it comes to things. We may be ordinary people. We may be called to an ordinary thing. You might never be called to preach. You might never be called to sing. You might be just called to sit in a in a church pew and enjoy the word of God. And yet there's something in your heart when the time comes, your battle's coming. And when the time comes, you got to be willing to fight that cancer or that or that unbelief or that or your kids that go out in the world or something like that. You got to be willing to fight. So you got to prepare for the fight. You got to know that some things are worth fighting for. You just can't keep giving in. All right. You hear me? You give in over. You said, "Well, I'll give in to this and this and this and I'll step back here and I'll step back here." After a while, you get backed in a corner, right? Somebody's got to be willing to be like Arnold von Wickery who who went forward and there was a great army coming their way. But he said if he said I somebody's got to do it. So he said, "This day I die for Switzerland." And he he run into the meat of the spears and the very thick of it. And it become a great victory that day that those poor farmers actually overcome. Come on church. They overcome that great army. Why? They were fighting for their homes. They were fighting for their families. That's what we're doing tonight in this fight. We're fighting for what God gave us. Don't be a servant to tribute. Don't let life itself become so important. It's just a means to an end. Yes. That you forget the main thing. The Bible says, Proverbs, which we read, which talked to us about the slothful man, how he needed to work. But it says this about the poor man. He said, "Better is the poor that walketh in uprightness than he he that is perverse in his ways, though he be rich." Be careful that you don't become so focused on obtaining rest in the natural. I know many people who are so worried and concerned about retirement. It was heartbreaking because I've talked to some of them and you talk to them at the end of all of that. And I had a brother tell me, he said, "I've worked for all this money and now I have to get rid of it. I got I'm too broke down and sick in my body to use it and I and and the family's already taken care of and I got to get rid of it to go, you know, in in certain type of health care. And it just broke my heart because work is not, you know, work is not all of it. It's a means to an end, right? We're we're trying to provide for our families. We've got to provide for our we're scripturally mandated to provide for our families. No one else. Us men are scripturally mandated to do that. But it's a means, not an end. Work in itself. There there's value in it in work and there's there's a there's status in it and you feel good when you work. There's something about that makes you feel good, but it's not all there is. Brother Brandham says, "We hear so much of today about how we're free. We live in a beautiful America." And he said, "The book's written about it." He said, "But you're a million miles from being free. You're not free. Don't you be deceived by that." He said, "America's one of the greatest deceived nations." He said, "And in more bondage than any place I know of, or worse in bondage than communism could put them in." He said, "Communism can only hurt the body. They can only put the body in bondage. But when the devil comes in, he puts the soul in bondage." See, that's the problem. America's still free, relatively free when it comes to politics. But what about the soul? What about the souls of the people? Yeah. He said, "You may be a slave to pride. You might walk up and down the streets and go through every store in every fashion that you can see on television, go from store to store trying to buy something. You become a slave to it. You become a slave to your dressing." He said, "You can become a slave to your money." He said, "That's the only thing you think of is to make money, grab and put it up here. If you do that, you're a slave." He again, he said, "A lot of people build upon riches. They try to work, see how much money they can make. They say, "If I can't spend it, my children can behind me." He said, "What does it do?" It relates to slavery. This is sobering thoughts, but I think it it it do us good to think about it on a Wednesday night. You don't have to be a millionaire to be that. Now, this is where people, you know, you get this the man a man can get covetous or a woman can get covetous because you begin to think, well, you know, those millionaires, those rich people, they ought to share. But the Bible doesn't teach communism. That's right. That's right. Right. And and brother Brandon says this. He said, "You don't have to be a millionaire to be a slave to your money." That's right. He said, "You can just covet money. You're just as guilty as a millionaire." He said, "There's just as many penny ears as there is millionaires will be in hell." He said, "Because it's your attitude towards it, what God has given it given you." He said, "Now, if you build it upon riches, it'll fall." Look at 1 Timothy chapter 6 and verse one. I've got five minutes left. We're just going to use it and we'll go home in just a moment. But he said he said, "Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honor." So he they were back then it was literal servants. But I believe it's it's applicable to man who works for a boss today. He said, "Let them count their masters worthy of honor." Verse two, they that have believing masters, let them not despise them because they're brethren. Because that can happen as well. You say, "Well, I know them. They go to church, so I don't have to work as hard." He said, "Don't do that." Right? He said, "Because they're faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit." He he talks about how if any man teach otherwise, it's it's it's against good doctrine and and how that uh he said he's proud knowing nothing but doing about questions and strife of words or of cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings, perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness. See, that's the modern prosperity gospel. And it's crept into the message. Right. Right. overseas and especially in Nigeria, it's crept in. And I'll say to those brothers if they watch this tonight, and some of them will, I I'll say it's it's not what brother Brandham taught us, right? We don't just get together and look who has the best car. It's actually laughable because uh there's people there who are starving, too. And so, we don't do that. We don't show off those things. And we don't do that. And uh even if I do drive a Ford and that's the best kind of car to drive, you know, but but we don't get together to see who I got one agreement. We we don't get together to see who has the best car or the best house or something like that. We get together to find out what we can do for one another and what we can do for God to be servants to one another and to God. But but he said godliness, he said gain is not godliness, but godliness with contentment is great gain. So with whatever you have, whatever God's gifted you to have, if you can be content with that and not always borrowing, a lot of times covetousness leads to over over becoming overind because you always want more and want more and that'll actually make you poorer, not richer. He said, "But godliness with contentment is great gain. For we are brought we are we brought nothing into this world and it's certain we can carry nothing out. None of us carried a bag full of money when we come into this world. My mama wishes I had, but none of us did. And none of us can carry nothing out. And having food and rain, but let us be there with content. But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare. In other words, that's their purpose of being rich fall into temptation and a snare, into many foolish and hurtful lust, which drown men in destruction and predition. For the love of money is the root of all evil. He didn't say money is but the love of money which while some coveted after they have aired from the faith and pierced themselves through with many sorrows. See there's a time for everything and we need to understand the times. There's a time to make money and there's a time to go to church, right? There's a time to there's a time to worship God and give that our full attention. There's a time to give our job our full attention, right? When we're working for somebody. So, we we've got to be able to know what time we're living in. I'll say this, when it comes to the age we live in, the end time. Jesus looked at the Pharisees. He said they were wanting a sign. And he said, "You you see the signs of the heavens and say it's if there's red sky at night." He said, "Then then you see it's going to be a beautiful day the next day." He said, "And contrary wise, but but" but he said, "You can read that sign. You can read the weather forecast." Some of us are real good at reading the weather forecast. But c but can we understand the times? Yeah. That we're living in. That's what we really want to read. Yeah. So what what was Jesus telling them? It's time for the old covenant to be done away with and the new covenant to be established. And you say, "Brother Ben, what does that have to do with Issachar?" 1 Chronicles 12:32. I'll look at this then we'll close. The children of the children of Issachar. This is when David is going to be king. And there's still a household of Saul around that were disputing his kingship. So it depended on which way the tribes went depending on whether he would be king or whether he would not be king. So how many gathered to his banner? We find that of the children of Issachar which were men that had understanding of the times. Oh, I believe there's a lot of ordinary people here. I'm an ordinary person, but we've been gifted with an understanding of the times. Yeah. Right. Through a prophet messenger, we've been given an understanding of the times to know what Israel ought to do. And they taught the people. They said, "Listen, listen. We" They taught their tribe. They said, "We need to go with David. It's time for David to be king." They said, "Saul's time is over." And I believe there's some people here on the earth that understand the lateness of the hour, understand the time that we're living in, and said we're going to give up all material things and we'll still work and provide for our families, but our focus isn't going to be on materialism. We live in a wonderful country and a great place to make money and things like that, but we don't want to get our focus on that because we understand the times. The times are it's time for David to be king. It's time for Jesus to be king. It's time for a millennium. It's time for the rapture. It's time for some things to happen. And so, there were some men who had an understanding of the time. And I challenge you tonight. Let's be like that tribe of Issachar. Let's have an understanding of the time we're living in. Say, "It's time to worship God like never before. It's time to praise him like never before. It's time to testify to our neighbor. It's time to be a full believer of the message of the hour. To have an understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do. We are ordinary people. We've been given an understanding as the musicians come. Jesus said, "Blessed are your eyes for they see and your ears for they hear." In one place he said Jesus rejoiced in spirit and he said God I thank you that you've hid these things from the eyes of the wise and the prudent and the extraordinary doctors of theology but you've revealed it to ordinary people babes that would learn. I say God help me to be one of those ordinary people that can learn about the things of God. We we don't want to forget the main thing. The main thing is Christ. If your a lotment is ordinary, I think most as I said, most are. I'd say most of us, I don't think any of us are prophets or have a message to the age. We're just ordinary people. But Jesus came as an ordinary man, but he had an extraordinary purpose. and you have an extraordinary purpose. Don't despise the day of small things and how important it is to raise your family in church. How important it is to live for God and to give everything for the gospel. I don't mean your money. I don't want that. I'm talking about your your heart, right? Your your your your your being to give it all. It's worth it, church. I think our elders could testify it's worth it. If you give your all, in the end, there's a piece to that. you know, I I' I've given everything to him. I've surrendered all my life to him. He'll bless that. Don't despise the main thing. The main thing is Christ. Amen. Would you bow your heads with me tonight? Heavenly Father, I just uh stumbled through a Lord maybe a little bit different type of sermon, but I'm so thankful, Lord, that you took us ordinary people and chose us to be your bride here in the end time. I ask you to help me, God. I I see as Issachar was willing to put their shoulder to the wheel and wasn't afraid to make a mistake in doing that. And I I pray you'd help us, Lord, to put our shoulder to the load and be willing, Lord, to bear up under it to do what needs to be done. Help me, Lord. I pray, God, that you just move among us and inspire our hearts, our faith to do the thing that needs to be done. Pray you'd grant it, Lord. I know that you're able and willing to take every one of us and make us into what you want us to be. So, we surrender tonight, Lord. We surrender all that we have, all that we are, and all that will ever be to your will. Pray you'd forgive us. Lord, forgive me where I failed you. I Lord, as a pastor, every every week, every day, I make decisions, and I always wonder, did I make the right one? Oh, God, I I want to be right. I want to be led by you. I I want the best. I don't want permissive will. I want perfect will, Lord. I pray, God, you'd keep me on that edge, Lord. Lord, if there's a little pressure to that, let me stand it, Lord. Let me be willing to do that, Lord, to do the right thing. Forgive us where we failed, Lord, but may we get up and go again, Lord. Not look to the past, forgetting those things that are past, but pressing toward the mark of the high calling in God. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. I pray you'd comfort those that are afflicted tonight. Those that have lost loved ones or those that are sick. I pray that you'd move. May your presence rest with them. We pray. We thank you for all that you do and that you have done. We thank you for miracles, Lord. Lord, as as we heard or saw a testimony, another testimony of your grace with Sister Milliey's eyes, Lord, and Lord, a little little girl, Lord, that we prayed for just recently. We know that you're working in her, Lord, you're working for Glorella and these children. I pray you'd bless them, oh God. Lord, continue to move. We're we're happy for what you've done, Lord. But we know there are other needs and I pray you'd meet those needs tonight. We thank you for doing it. We trust you and we believe you. We believe that it'll happen in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you tonight. We press on. Hallelujah. Let's stand together. Oh dear Lord with the prize. Oh, I'm so thankful. So clear before our [Music] eyes. Oh, we find the strength. Oh, to press on. Oh, do you love him? Tonight on a Wednesday night, let's just worship him a moment. The altar's open if you need prayer. Oh, yes. [Music] Jesus name. Oh, thank you. We press on. Thank you, Lord [Music] Jesus. Oh yes, in Jesus [Music] name we press on. And on dear Lord with the prize clear before our eyes, we find the strength to press on one One more time with all your hearts now. Oh yes, in Jesus name we press on. [Music] Oh, in Jesus name we press [Music] on on and on. Oh dear Lord, with the price so clear before our eyes. We find the strength to press on. Amen. Are we just pressing on tonight? Amen. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Can you give the Lord a hand of praise? Amen. Let's sing the old song. I'm one of the few. One of the few. Give G. Well, I'm one of the few. Well, I'm one of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem, though the opposition strong for the bride, there's a way provided. And if I plan to go through, just a hope will not do. I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. One more time, I am one of the few. Oh, one of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long, though the opposition strong, for the bride, there's a way provided. If I plan to go through, just a hope will not do. I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. Well, just over in the glory land will join that a happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I will stand just over in the glory land. Will I have a home prepare where the saints abide just over in the glory land and I long to be by my savior side just over in the glory. All clap your hands and sing it now. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. We're going to stand just over in the glory. Oh, what a joyful thought. Oh, what a joyful thought that my Lord I'm going to sing. Just over in the glory land and with kindred saved there forever to be just over with all your hearts one more time. Oh, just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host. We're going to stand just over in the glory land. Amen. Is that what we're preparing for? Amen. We're just pressing on and on and on. We sing that one. Amen. Just as we go now, you're free to go. God bless you and be safe on the roads. They might be wet, but Amen. It's been always good to be in the house of the Lord. Brother Bill, good to see you sitting back up here in the front again. And and good to see each one of you can make it. Amen. Pray for the services on Sunday and come expecting. Can you do that? Amen. I believe the Lord's just going to meet us here again. God bless you. Well, I'm pressing on and on and on and on. Oh, we are pressing on. Well, I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. [Music] Well, Satan tried to stop me, turned me aside, said there was no need for me to go on, no need to try. But even if there was a rapture, I'm going to keep pressing on and on and on and on. Pressing on.
