################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-23 - Bro. Stuart Duckworth Biblical Garments 62225 - Stuart Duckworth.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-23
Title:   Bro. Stuart Duckworth "Biblical Garments" 6/22/25
Speaker: Stuart Duckworth
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBGfQCqcT7Y
========================================

[Music] [Music] I hate. [Music] [Music] There's the [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey [Music] honey. [Music] I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. First verse. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. I've been changed from this creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Yes, I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God has been changed. And though my sins were as scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound. But today I am free. I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Oh, I've been changed and I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. all my life. Praise God. Last verse. Oh, when at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. And I'll thank him for giving a rich like me, a new home beyond the sky. Oh, I've been changed and I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise. Amen. Key of C. I have decided I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. I won't turn back. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. I've started and I have started for the kingom. Yes, I have started for the kingom. And I have started. Oh, for the kingom. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. Last verse. Though none go with me, still I will follow. Though none go with me, still I will follow. Though none go with me, follow. No turning back. I have decided once again. Let me hear you sing it. I have decided to follow Jesus. Follow Jesus. [Music] Amen. All together. I've started for the kingdom. Yes, I have started. Oh, for the kingom. Yes, I have started for the kingom. I have started for the kingom. I won't turn back. [Music] I won't turn back. Amen. Give the Lord another hand. Clap of praise. Amen. Let's sing that song, Key of F. Pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on on and on and on, pressing on. And I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. Can we lift our hands and sing it to him? Yes, we are pressing on on and on and on. The bride is pressing on and I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. Sing that first verse. Satan tried to stop me. Turn me aside. Said there's no need for you to go on. No need to try. Even if there was a rapture, you'd never make it in. I just tell old Satan, I'm going to prove you're a liar again. And I'm going to keep pressing on on and on and on, pressing on. And I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling up. Let's sing that chorus again to him. Yes, we are pressing on on and on and on, pressing on. And I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. Lord, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. Lord, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you. That sounds good. Let's sing it to him again. I just want to say thanks. Thanks. And I give you thanks for all you've done. Lord, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Amen. And let's add in key of G. We sung it this morning at the end of the service. I will praise the Lord. I'm going sing this just before we have the ushers come. Is the youth singing? Okay. Amen. Let's just sing this just for a moment. And I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Oh, and I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise. Can we praise him this evening? Oh, and I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise once again as the ushers come. Oh, and I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. I will praise the Lord. Amen. Is that what you come to do this evening? Amen. Enjoy the service this morning. Amen. Just appreciate that. Amen. We just got one written request. Remember that the ones that were mentioned this morning from brother Bill and sister Sharon for the surgery there. Then Pedro JP going later this week again. And we got a written request for sister Stephanie Brink. She's home not feeling well, not able to come. So just be praying for her this evening that God would just send her a special touch. Just be remembering all those out traveling. God would just give them traveling mercies. Amen. If you have an unspoken request, if you don't want to make it known, up your hand. Ask our brother David. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come before you this evening, Lord. Just looking forward to the service this evening, Lord. Just thanking you for your blessings, Lord, and your grace in our lives, Lord. Just how you keep your hand upon us, Lord. And we know you're in control, Lord. Just ask you now to come down, have your way in the service this evening, Lord. Just ask you to bless our offering, Lord. May be used for your glory, Lord. request has been made known, Sister Stephanie and Lord, Brother JP, and the request, brother be on them, Lord. May you just move on them their behalfs tonight, Lord. Just have your hand upon them, Lord, and just give them your grace and love tonight. Just bring this service before you now, Lord. Just bless our brother Stewart as he speaks this evening. May we just enter in, Lord, and let you have your way. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated as the ushers come by. Let's sing that song, Key of C. I just want to please the Lord. Amen. After we sing this, if the youth choir, um, if y'all would be make yourselves ready to come, we'll sing this a few times. And I just want to please the Lord. [Music] Be in his will in every way. [Music] to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness, to hear him say, "Well done someday." Oh, I just want to please the Lord, be in his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his lightness, to hear him say, "Well done someday." Oh, I just want to please the Lord and be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his lightness. To hear him say, "Well done." Amen. Let's sing that once again as the youth choir comes. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To being lost in his presence, found in his likeness. to hear him say, "Well done." Someday [Music] Well, there ain't no rock going to cry in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. There ain't no rock going to cry in my place as long as I'm alive to glorify praise his name. Well, there ain't no tree going to clap in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Well, there ain't no tree going in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Well, there ain't no bird going to sing in my place as long as I'm alive to glorify. Praise his name. There ain't no going to sing in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify praise his name. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting. One thing that I know deep down in my soul, as long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. [Music] Sing it. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelu. know I'm going to sing. [Music] As long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting. One thing that I know deep down in my soul, as long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. I sing it hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing hallelujah. God is a hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelu Lord I'm going to sing. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let's give our young people another hand. Clap there. Amen. Y'all enjoy that. Amen. Let's sing that song if we could. They that wait upon the Lord. Key of F. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. [Music] They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. [Music] They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord, teach me Lord to wait. Sing it again with all your hearts. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Amen. Key of G. He's alive and well. He's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Music] Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Can we lift our hands and sing it to him? Oh, he's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Music] Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive once again with all our hearts. Oh, he's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Music] Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Amen. Amen. You believe he's alive and well this evening. Amen. Let's go ahead and stand. We ask our brother Stewart to come. Let's sing that song, Shine on Me, Key of G. As we invite Brother Stewart this evening. Amen. Just pull on the gift of God. Amen. We know he's more than able to speak to you this evening. Amen. Let's sing this. swing by brother Stewart. Oh, shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse. Shine on me. Shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Is that your desire this evening? Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse. Shine on me. Oh, and shine on me. Lord, shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse. Shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, shine [Music] from the lighthouse. Shine. on me. Oh Lord, shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. And let's just bow our hearts before him this evening. Lord, we just love you so much, Lord. And we're just so thankful for your presence once again. Lord, won't you just come, Lord, and just come this evening, Lord, in a special way, Lord, just move on the behalf of your people, Lord, on the behalf of their needs and and things upon their heart, Lord. I pray that you would come, Lord. And Lord, may you just, Lord, be our all our hope and all our expectation tonight, Lord. And we just need you so much tonight, Lord. We we need you so much in our lives and our every day and everything we do, Lord. And may we just be able to draw strength once again, Lord, from your word now. We pray. We love you and we thank you so much now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord this evening. Amen. Let's turn the scriptures to Revelations 19. Revelations 19 and1. Just want to say we really enjoyed the service this morning. Appreciate our brother Ben, don't you? Amen. Revelations 19:1 just for a title. Biblical garments. Just something that we had on our our mind here. Hopefully hopefully we can say something that will help you here tonight. Amen. Amen. Revelation 19:1. And after these things, I heard a great voice of much people in heaven, saying, "Allelujah! Salvation and glory, and honor, and power unto the Lord our God. For true and unrighteous are his judgments, for he hath judged the great which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand." And they said, And again they said, Allelujah. And her smoke rose up forever and ever. And the four and 20 elders and the four beasts fell down and worshiped God that sat on the throne saying amen, allelujah. A lot of hallelujah and hallelujah there. Amen. But he's worthy of our praise, isn't he? He's worthy of all the all the worship, everything that we can give him. And a voice came out of the throne saying, "Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great. And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude and as the voice of many waters and as the voice of mighty thundering saying Allelujah for the Lord God omnipotent reignth. And listen to this here he said and let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife hath made herself ready. And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen clean and white. For the fine linen is the righteousness of the saints. And he saith unto me, write, blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, these are the true sayings of God. Amen. You can be seated here this evening. We see a lot of hallelujah, a lot of worship going on. And and you know that that's what's going on in heaven. That's what's going on in heaven. And you know, a as the young man stepped stepped forward today to to give his life, commit his life to Christ, and brother Ben kind of kind of dealt with that. If we could hear the sound of heaven, if we could hear the sound of rejoicing when a sinner, when one weeps their way back, amen, to the father. When one comes and confesses the father, amen, one comes in, there's rejoicing going on. Amen. But we look, we look here, you know, the world, the world is preparing for war and destruction and judgment. And nations are making all kinds of preparations for for any possible scenario to defend themselves against enemy any any enemy known and unknown. We see our nation, they they they took bombers over there to destroy what what they believed to be weapons that could destroy Israel. that could potentially destroy other parts of the world. And and we know these things have got to come about. We know that these things are there will be wars and rumors of war, you know, but but I I want to say this this morning or this evening rather that, you know, God has got everything in control. And you think about Israel over there in in that place. And we know that all nations are going to turn against Israel. But we know this one thing that Israel, while the elect, while the 144,000 are there, that that they will never be destroyed. Why? Because God cannot allow it. Because he said, he said in the Bible, we'll hold back the winds until the servants of our God are sealed in their foreheads. Amen. We we see in the in the in the world wars and we've seen that those winds were held back. And it wasn't only just the the elect of the servants of Israel. Amen. But there was young people. There was me. There was you. Amen. Amen. So God's got it all in control. God's not going to let anything happen. Amen. Amen. Until Amen. the elect are sealed away. Amen. Amen. Israel, the 144,000, they're just sitting and they're just waiting over there. Amen. For the church to get out of the way. Amen. For the for the for the the last elected seed to be called, for the last elected seed to come in, and then the gospel can return back to the Jews. Then they can have their chance at the Holy Ghost. They can have their chance and the taste of the salvation of the Holy Ghost. The same Holy Ghost, amen, that we have in our hearts, Amen. They will have an opportunity at that. So you can think, you can think this that all the barges and and everything that that Satan can try to put on you, Amen. Amen. It cannot destroy you. Amen. Because you are the elect of God. Amen. God has a purpose for your life. Thank you, Lord. We see here the world is making, you know, they're making preparations. They're in the spirit of destruction. They're in the spirit of judgment. And brother Brandham talked about how the the clock is 3 minutes from midnight. And if we could look at it now, it it would be maybe three milliseconds from midnight. It's right there. Amen. It's closer than we he he would preach it. It's closer than we think. It's closer than we think. And the purpose of that is not to scare anybody, but that that we can be ready. Not that we're we're making ready out of fear of of what could happen, but we're we're making ready because God has called us to be ready in this hour. So the world the world knows something is going to take place. They can feel it. They're in that spirit. And so, Brother Ram said, "The the church the church is just falling asleep, but the bride is waiting for the summons to come up higher." Amen. Is that the voice that you're that you're listening for? Is that the sound that you're listening for? Amen. Amen. As we come through the church ages and the understanding that we have for that, we realize in Revelations 4, Amen. When that voice and that summon is a call to come up higher, come up out of the slay to see an age. Come up out of the tribulation. Amen. that is sending it upon the earth. I know this is oldfashioned and I'm not trying to scare nobody, but it's a reality. Amen. We're coming to the end of the end. Amen. Amen. Where the spirit of God is going to summons you and I to come up higher. Amen. We've got to have an ear to hear what the spirit is saying. Amen. Not just a not just a voice upon the earth. Amen. But a voice a shouting from heaven. Amen. A voice to call us from heaven. Amen. Yes, sir. Thank you, Lord. I'm just preaching. I'm not I'm not super comfortable with my notes and so I'm just preaching I'm just I'm just preaching what's on my heart here. Okay. Amen. Amen. And brother Ram, he would say, "And we better be ready for it's going to come in an hour." The Bible says, "When you thinkketh not, right?" And he would say in 1961, he would say, "The Pentecostal revival is over." And we heard that this morning. Uh the world is crying. They're they're wanting another revival. They're wanting this to happen. And yet, they missed their awakening. They missed their revival. But he said, "The message has went forth." He said, "Everything is ready now and waiting." He said, "The church is sealed away." He said, "The wicked are doing more wicked. Churches are becoming more churchy, but the saints are coming closer to God. Amen. I pray tonight this evening that we can put ourselves in that position that we're not letting our lives be choked out by the things of this life, by the things of this world. Amen. We we were talking about in the back u you know that there's so much being put upon us. There's so much bombardment on our minds and and trying to draw our attention away. Do you understand that? We we understand that it's a hard time to live in. There's a lot coming at us. There's a lot coming at our young people and they're going to need all the help they can get. Amen. Amen. I'm going to need all the help I can get. Amen. And if you're in in need of something tonight, if you're in need of help, we're here to help one another. We're here to lift each other up. I don't want to see a brother or sister, amen, go by the wayside. I don't want to go by the wayside. Amen. Amen. But if I'm down, Amen. Amen. Pick me up. Amen. Let's bring each other together. Amen. Let's not leave one behind. Amen. Let's pick a brother up. Let's pick a sister up. Amen. Because we're all Amen. We're all trying to get to the same place. We're all trying to get closer to God. That's right. I don't want to be what he talked about the church becoming more churchy cuz that's not what that's not what he's coming back for. He's coming back for a bride that's like him, that's looking for him, that's longing for him. Now, I'll try not to hold you too long tonight. You love the Lord. And we think about it, how much more can we say, amen, 60 years later. Amen. All these years after the seals were open, amen, there is a people who are standing on the message of the hour. Amen. The word is open to the bride. Amen. The word is open to her. The word is open to you. Amen. Amen. And and not only is it open to you, but your life must be open to it. Your life must be on on on display and and to full exposure to the word of God, to the fullness of the word of God to benefit from it. That's right. We look here, Revelations 10:8 and 11. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, said, "Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel." Listen to this. And which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth. and I went. All right. So, the bride has to make herself ready. As we read, you have something. You have an effort. You have something that you have to put forth. Come on. It said, "And I went unto the angel and said unto him, give me the little book." And he said unto me, "Take it." Eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but th it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. So I went and I took the book. I took the book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. Just as he said. It was just as he said. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. Just as he said. Brother said it was hard to digest. It was so good. The word is so good. The message of the hour is so good. But the digesting part is the hard part. When we begin to make ourselves ready when we begin to prepare ourselves, we love to hear the things of God and we can hear them over and over and over and over. We can pick up the Christ of the mystery of God revealed and you can listen to these things over and over and how sweet it is in our mouth. But when we begin to digest, it's bitter. It's hard, right? That's the hard part. But it's going to be hard. It's not meant to be easy, right? And any I tell my kids, you know, we're we're batting practice and we're we're I'm getting them to try different things and dad, that's hard. It's hard to do it like that. But if you do anything the right way, it's harder. It's easier to do it the wrong way, right? It's hard to do it the right way. And so, it's not an easy road to be a Christian. It's not an easy road. It's not an easy life. Amen. It's not it's not all butterflies and unicorns. I mean, there's battles, there's struggles, there's things you go with, but on the other side of it, it's worth it, right? Amen. But in his in his belly, it was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many people's nations, tongues, and kings." You know, and I've always had a problem with this that, you know, we can't make Brother Brandham the mighty angel, the seventh angel, and John all at the same time. It's three different people. Brother Ram said that mighty angel, he said it's the same one in Revelations one, the one like unto the son of man. Amen. Only the lamb could come. Only the lamb could come. The mighty angel. He was the only one that could come and open and loose the seals. Amen. Amen. To change our lives. to change our heart. He was the only one that could do that. Amen. Amen. And he's the only one that could send the revelation down in this hour. Amen. And there had to be an angel. There had to be a seventh angel. Amen. And it's not the same person. Come on. Each is a different person, the mighty angel. Amen. And there was only one worthy that could break the seals and open. There was only one seventh angel messenger. Right. And he told us, that messenger told us that John taught the bride, right? So to me, he's not trying to make himself all that. He knows who he is. He knows who the mighty angel is, and he types the bride as John, right? And so the bride has to realize that there is a book. All right? She had to be made aware that there was a book. All right? And the bride has to request the book. All right? You've got to go ask for it yourself. All right. Come on. And then you've got to take the book. All right. You got to realize there's a there's a book. That's right. Right. You've got to request the book. Then you got to take the book. And then you've got to eat the book. Come on. All right. It's good in your mouth, right? Y'all wake up here. Y'all wake up now. Hey, you got to eat the book. It's good in your mouth, but then you got to digest it. Oh, man. Oh, that's the hard part, right? Come on. But from that, that's when you become the word. And when you digest it, then you're called to go prophesy again. Amen. You've got a testimony. Amen. From the things of God. Amen. From the word of God. From the opening of the word. You've got just as much part. These young people have just as much part as anybody does. Amen. From the from the from the front to the back. Amen. We've all been called to digest the word and to prophesy again. Amen. To have a testimony. Amen. Of the revealed word of the hour, the anointing of the hour. Amen. Amen. That there is a people that can digest the word. There is a people that will lay their lives out. Amen. Amen. and make themselves ready and become the book. Amen. Jesus was the Old Testament. Everything that it was, he was he fulfilled every bit of the Old Testament, all of the law. Amen. He didn't do away with the law, but he magnified the law. Amen. And we can't get by in this hour of picking out what we want and and putting this thing aside and putting our own idea. Amen. We've got to come to the fullness of the word. Amen. And we've got to be we've got to take the book and eat the book and become the book. Amen. We can't we can't pick pick and choose what we want to believe and and live. Amen. We've got to live it all. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Do you love the Lord? You love me. Yes, sir. So, Brother Ram says here in 1964, he says, "When that which is perfect has come, that which is in part shall be done away with." to all these little jumpings of things up and down like a kid trying to talk in tongues, all these other things when that which is perfect. He said we do have today by God's help the perfect interpretation of the word with divine vindication. We've heard these things before, but he said then that which is in part is done away with. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things. So what's he telling us here? that we have the complete, we have everything that we need. Amen. We're not looking for something down the road. We're not looking for some special revelation. But God is by divine uh vindication, divine vindication has brought forth the fullness of the interpretation of the word. Amen. Amen. I say tonight, you have what you need. You have what you need to make a rapture. Amen. You have what you need to make a body change. Amen. You just got to go partake. Amen. You've got to you've got to ingest it. You've got to digest it and you've got to speak the word and go forward. Amen. The bride has what she needs to make ready. Amen. The world is getting ready for destruction. But the bride is making ready to meet her Lord Jesus in the sky as old as it may sound. Amen. Amen. That's the expectation of the true believer. Amen. To meet the Lord Jesus. Amen. To fly above the judgment and the horrible things that are coming upon this earth. Amen. for those outside of Christ. While the the most horrible time the earth has ever seen is setting in, the bride is making ready for the resurrection. Thank you, Lord. What about what about the rapture? You got to have the resurrection first. What about the rapture? Your body's got to be changed before you go on the rapture. That's true, right? And that takes place here. Amen. In the this world, Amen. in this earth that you walk on. Amen. Those things will take place on the ground that you walk on. Amen. Your footsteps in this life are your possession. Amen. This earth is our dominion. This earth, Amen. Amen. We're not going to overcome later on. We're not going to overcome over yonder. We're not going to get to heaven and worship. Amen. But Amen. as we walk this earth. Amen. This is our possession. Amen. And we will overcome on this side of Leodysia. On this side of the rapture, we will overcome. Amen. And brother Brennham said in the Holy Ghost series, I love this so much. Amen. As a church comes up through for justification, sanctification, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, amen, it's going to come to a place, amen, where it's so one with Christ, amen, that the dead, amen, will literally come forth from the grave, amen, the the voice of resurrection, amen, will be in the bride. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. I know these are simple things. Amen. She's making ready for the resurrection because you have a part to play, right? Thou must prophesy again. The word, the voice of resurrection. Thou must prophesy again. Come on. So, we have the body change, the rapture, a meeting in the air, a wedding supper. So, that's the expectation that we're under as believers. Amen. But and the Bible says that those days, those last days would be cut short for the elect's sake. And that's a time and the hour that we live in when the sealing of the elect, the bride, the last one. Amen. And the sealing of the elect, the servants, Israel, is what is holding back. Brother Rab said the the judgment is overdue. The judgment is overdue. It's long past due. It was long past due. Amen. In in in Moses time, they were however many years beyond that. Amen. It was it was overdue for that time. Amen. But God will not lose a one. God will not leave one behind. Amen. Amen. The elect the elect is holding back the the judgments of God tonight. Thank you, Lord. 1962, Marriage of the Lamb. He says, "And we know that there's going to be a bride. There's going to be a wedding supper served in the skies. Thank you, Lord. Just as sure as God is because it's his word. And we know that those that are going up in the bride is going to be his church and they're going to appear before him without spot or wrinkle. And they have the material on earth to make themselves ready. Oh, that ought to make you rejoice tonight. That we're not waiting for something down the road, but you've got the material tonight. God is giving you the material to dress yourself tonight. They got the material to make themselves ready. And if you notice, he says she made herself ready. That's right. Brother B would say what a horrible time it is for the unbeliever. But what a glorious time it is for true Christians, those with life on the inside. Amen. It's not a time to be slothful and loose, but to surrender and consecrate all you are. Amen. A time to draw near to God, and he will draw nigh unto you. It's a time of worship. Amen. As we read in Revelations 19, all heaven was rejoicing, saying, "Hallelujah. Salvation, deliverance, glory, and honor, and power be to the Lord our God." As we read, it was a voice of great multitude, a voice of many waters, a voice of mighty thundering, saying, "Hallelujah, for the Lord God omnipotent reignth." Amen. Amen. That's a worship. Amen. Amen. That we're not going to, Amen. But it's a worship, amen, that we can partake of here now. Amen. And gathered together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. Amen. Let's quit putting it off to some other day. Amen. Let's quit putting off to another hour. Amen. Amen. What you are here is what you'll be there. Amen. And what heaven is is what you are. Amen. Amen. And what God is, what the groom is, the bride is on earth. Amen. Amen. And and when he was on the earth, Amen. He overcame. He overcame death, hell, and the grave. Amen. And you were with him. I'm just preaching. I'm just preaching. A great a voice of great multitude. A voice of many waters of mighty thunderings. Come on. Sing hallelujah. That's you. That's you. Come on. You have a voice. You are a voice. Amen. Our life has been made subject. Amen. The bride has let her let the word come and wash her and make her clean. Her life has been subject and obedient to the full word which brother Ram said entitles you to the Holy Ghost. Obedience to the word entitles you to the Holy Ghost. Amen. testifying that he is able. Testifying that he is a deliverer, that he is our healer, sir. That he is more than able to do what he said he will do. Is that your testimony here tonight? Is that your testimony in in the hour that we live in? That God is more than able to do what he said he will do. Amen. Amen. Is that the faith and the love that you have back to him? Amen. That's the spirit that the bride is under. Thank you, Lord. Brother Bram said here, Revelations chapter 4. I'm gonna keep plowing, brother Ben. I'm gonna keep plowing. I'm gonna keep plowing, y'all. He said, "All right, here was voices." Oh, how we need in Jeffersonville thousands of live voices. The thunder of God thundering out of sweetness and holiness, purity, undefiled lives. undefiled lives walking around in the earth today without any without a blemish. He said, "Yes, sir. That's real Christians. That's thunder against the enemy. Oh my voice. That's what God wants in Hardy. That's what he That's what he wants. And wherever you live, wherever you go to school, whatever you're doing, God wants a voice. He wants a voice. He wants somebody that'll live right and act right and do right without a blemish without a spot. Oh, thank you. Quit tearing that box up, Luke. You want somebody with a testimony. Yeah. You sisters with your skirts, you're a testimony. That's simple, but you're a testimony. You're a light in the darkness. We were at a softball tournament several several weeks ago. My daughter plays softball and hundreds of girls. She's the only one wearing a skirt. Every now and then you'll you'll meet somebody wearing a skirt. You'll but most of the time it's just her. this man, he had a had a booth set up trying to do something and trying to spread the gospel as good as he knew and and you know, just handing out pamphlets and talking to people and and he seen my wife come by and he said, "I'd like to know the story behind the skirt." But you stand out. You stand out. What is it? You're dressed in the word. It's a biblical garment. It's not legalism. Come on. Right. And beyond just a garment, we must be clothed with a sweet, gentle, meek spirit. For that's the spirit of a Christian, right? Amen. It's a voice. He said, "Yes, sir. That's real Christians. That's thunder against the enemy. The devil don't care how loud you can holler. The devil don't care how much you can jump or how much you can do this or shout. But what hurts the devil is to see that sanctified holy life consecrated to God. Say anything to him. Call him anything just as sweet as it can be be. Move right on. He said that throws him away. That's a that's a thunder that shakes the devil. Amen. A thunder that shakes the devil. That's the kind of life that I want to live. Not just to put on. Amen. To be but to be connected. Christianity is more than a put on. It's more than a skirt. It's more than long hair. It's more than more than that. Amen. But it's connected to the word of God. It's connected to a life. Amen. It's connected to to an understanding. It's connected to a revelation. And it takes a revelation. Amen. To make it. It takes a revelation to be a Christian. It takes revelation to be a son or daughter of God. Amen. And what is revelation? Revelation is faith. Amen. Something that God personally revealed to you. Amen. And how is something personally revealed to you? Amen. I don't just want do just want any old thing to live by any old creed or denomination. Amen. But we want to live from the life source from the word of God. Amen. And a Christian when they feed upon that. Amen. You're giving God an opportunity to show you who you are. You're giving God an opportunity to reveal himself to you. Amen. Let's not cut ourselves out off from that. Amen. Amen. God reveal yourself to me. Brother said revelation is more important to you than you than you realize. Amen. For revelation is what overcomes the gates of hell. It's what overcomes the enemy. It takes a revelation more than somebody telling you something, but Amen. It's you making yourself ready. It's you taking the time. That's right. Amen. It don't all come at once, right? You're getting dressed to go somewhere. Jesus put garment on and you're making ready, fixing yourself up piece by piece. You're making yourself ready because you're going somewhere, right? So, it takes time. It doesn't all come at once. Amen. But the the the the purpose of the ministry, and we'll try to get into this later, is to build us all up together, to bring us to the unity, the faith that we could all come together, right? Come on. Not that we'd have a bunch up here and a bunch down here, but to bring us all up together to the same spot that we can all go up together, right? So, a true Christian is a thundering voice. Remember this young people, a true Christian is a thundering voice to the devil and a testimony of what God can do to a surrendered heart. Amen. Amen. Brother talks about you can live so close to God that the devil don't know what to do with you. Amen. That's your footsteps. That's your possessions. Amen. That's the overcoming grace that God is giving to you and I. Amen. By revelation by the Holy Ghost. And that that's truly what we're we're dressing ourselves in. It's the Holy Ghost. Amen. It's not a spirit of the world. It's not the spirit of a man. It's not the spirit of false doctrine. Amen. Amen. But this church was is without spot or wrinkle. Amen. She's been ironed out. Amen. with a hot press. Amen. Every little wrinkle wrinkle is ironed out. Amen. Because God has given you what you have need of that he can present himself a glorious church. Brother Ram says here, marriage of the lamb. And I'll tell you at the end of that sermon, man, he was really getting on him there. Really preaching hard to him. go to the listen to the the end of that. He said trying to get people to come to the altar said well not even somebody just raise one hand somebody this one person but he says here if the Lord so he says so many says if the Lord will take this evil spirit from me from drinking or gambling or lying or stealing I'll serve him he said but that's up to you see you've got something to do they that overcome shall inherit all things they that overcome you have power to do it, but you must be willing to lay it down. Yes, sir. He said, you must be willing to lay it down. He said, she has made herself ready. He said, I like that word. He said, see, God could push you through a little pipe, pull us out on the other side, and then saying, blessed, how can he say, blessed is he that overcometh. You had nothing to overcome. He just pushed you through it. But when you've got to make decisions, when you've got to make decisions, Amen. Amen. You have the ability to lay it down. You have the ability, Amen. God can't lay it down for you. You've got to be willing to quit worshiping that habit. You've got to be willing to quit worshiping that thing. Amen. And lay it down. And God gives you the overcoming power. Amen. Amen. You've got to be able to make that decision. He said, "I've got to be able to make decisions for myself." In doing that, we show our faith and our respect to God. So, just sitting on a pew won't do it. Growing up in a message home just won't do it. Growing up in a message church won't do it. Sitting in idle by won't help. We've got to be willing to forsake all to inherit. Amen. Let the old things of this world. Let the old things of this life of our old nature of what we were and the things that you know we may we may think is funny and the the things we did when we were younger. Amen. Let all that pass away. Let and put on the new man. Put on the new man. Amen. And let him have his way. Let it all pass away. Come on. You can't hang on to any of it. You've got to let it all pass away. The old man, don't go back and dig him up. He's buried. He's buried. And every now and then, you'll feel him crawling up on the back back of you trying to come out. That is a dead man. Come on. And the man with life. Not a not a new you, but a new man. Not the old you worked over, but the new man, Christ in you, working his will, working his way. Amen. Amen. The old things have passed away. You got to be willing to lay aside the favor. You listen to this. You got to be willing. You've got to be willing and not be ashamed. You've got to be willing to lay aside the favor of the world, the favor of man to gain the favor of God. And that's the thing right there. You've got to be willing to not be scared. You've got to be willing to not live in fear of what somebody else says, what somebody else thinks. I find myself preaching to young people, and I'm sorry, boys and girls. But don't live in fear. Don't worry about what nobody says. Amen. If God showed something to you, Amen. Walk in it. Live in it. Amen. Encourage yourself. Amen. If you've got nobody else, Amen. Encourage yourself. Say, "Oh, I I read this in the Bible the other day. God said this." And just let it let it come out in you. Let it let it live through you. Amen. Yes, sir. Don't let nobody beat you down. Don't let the world beat you down. Amen. Don't be ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ. For it is the power. It is the salvation. Amen. It's the lifegiving source. Amen. That we clothe ourselves in, that we make ourselves ready in. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's the good news. Amen. That Jesus Christ, Amen. He was dead, but he's alive again. And and I was dead. I was dead in sin and trespasses. Amen. But he came by my way. He quickened me. Amen. With that resurrection life, with that resurrection power. Amen. How could we be ashamed of that? How can we be ashamed? Amen. To testify, amen, of the omnipotent of the glory of Jesus Christ in our life. All right. Thank you, Lord. Help us, Lord. I'll try to hurry here. lay aside those things and you can have his mind, then you can endure, then you can possess. Amen. He says in the marriage of lamb, Abraham was promised a child, but he must but he must maintain this promise for 25 years, the ups and downs that he had, the temptations in those 25 years, but he held to the word of the promise. And man, he had something to do. He had to he had something to do. Israel was promised a promised land, but they had to fight for every inch of it. Wherever the souls of your foot treads upon, that I have given you. So their their feet had to go to that spot. All right? They had to walk to that spot. And then God gave it to them. And if you can just get to that spot in your walk with the Lord, if you can just get to that spot, amen, and and you know, say, you know, I don't want to live like that no more. I believe that there's more for me. And if you believe that there's more for you, if there's a hunger and a thirst, I believe that sincerely, if you're sincere, amen, there is more for you. Amen. But you got to keep walking in the word. You got to keep walking in your experience with God. Amen. Amen. And it's got to be sweeter. It's got to be sweeter now than what it was 20, 30, 40 years ago. Amen. And if it ain't, we need to get back to an altar. We need to get back before God. Amen. If it's not just as sweet today as it was back then. Good. They had to fight for every inch. Wherever the souls of your foot treads upon that, I've given you, God said to Joshua, it was all there. The land was there, but God gave it to them, but they must fight for him. He said, it's the same way about divine healing. God has got the power to heal you if you've got the courage to accept it. But you'll fight every inch of the way. The devil ain't going to make it easy on you. He said, "God has got amazing grace to save you. And he'll do it." But you'll have to fight every inch of your way. It's amazing grace. It's yours. But you've got to fight. You got to make yourself ready. You've got something to do. Amen. You got to push your way. You got to press. You got to press on. Press on in Jesus name. Amen. He goes on to say, "I've been behind the pool pit going on 31 years." He said, "Every inch of that has been a fight constantly." It certainly has. But he said, "But we must fight if we must reign." Amen. Church, it's not going to be easy. Amen. Amen. The world is going to give you an easy way out. They're going to give you show you this and that. They're going to give you an easy way out. Amen. But I'll take the way with the Lord's despite you. I'll take the hard way over the easy way. Amen. I'll take the straight and narrow way. Amen. To walk with God's children. Amen. And our footsteps are our possession. If you can put your foot on it, if you can just put your foot on that devil just a little bit, he's under your feet. Amen. And he is yours. And you can overcome by the blood of the lamb and by the word of your testimony. Amen. Prophesy again, John. Amen. It's not up to brother Brandham. Amen. You're the type of John. Amen. So, prophesy again. Take the word and put the word on your lips and go forward. We was talking about that in the office back there a little bit. Speak the word and go forward. had inspired me. What do you have need of? You're the queen of heaven. You're the queen of heaven. Nobody else but you. You're the queen of heaven. Look here in Esther 17. We look here. Esther taking her place as queen over Vashi. Is that how you say that? Or is it Vashi? Vashi. Huh? There's so many names in this. Names that I don't want to pronounce cuz I can't. But the Bible says Vashab was beautiful to look upon. The king had wanted to present Vashi before all to show her beauty. He wanted someone. He didn't just want to show her beauty, but he wanted someone he could present before all the world. But Vasha refused to come at the king's commandment. And doing this, she wronged the king. The Bible says, his princes and all the people of all all the provinces of of of King Ahasheros. And Esther 11:17. For this deed of the of the queen shall come abroad, they said, unto all women, so that they shall despise her husbands in their eyes. And when it shall be reported, the king of Hashos commanded Vashie the queen to be brought in before him, but she came not. They said, "This going to cause some problems here. She didn't listen. She didn't do what she was told." Now, amen. Now, I don't know how I find myself in these spots, but I do. You do it. I do it to myself. So, there went a decree that Vashi could not come before the king again and that the king give her royal estate to one who is better than she. And so, a true king, he needs a queen that's going to stand by him, right? and a a queen that will obey his commands and wishes to represent his power to represent his kingdom. Right. And the Bible says that obedience is better than sacrifice. That's right. And that's what tonight that's what the what the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords wants. Amen. He want that's what he wants from his bride. One that is as faithful to his word as he is. one that will honor his word as he does. Does God Is God faithful? Can we testify of that? That God is faithful to his word. That God honors his word. And that's what God expects from his queen. That's what he expects from his wife. Amen. One that will honor that will honor his presence as he is in their midst. Not somebody that'll just sit around and ignore him. Not somebody that won't come and and give him some attention. not somebody that won't wash his feet and and really take care of him and give him the attention that he deserves. Amen. But he wants a queen. Amen. That will honor him as he honors her. Amen. He wants a queen that will honor his presence when he comes into the room. And that's what he wants from you and I. I'm not trying to work you up. He wants He wants He wants all your attention. He wants all the glory, all everything that you can give him when you come into this place. Amen. Amen. This is a house of God. This is a house of praise. It's a house of prayer. Amen. Amen. Where we can come and and get right with God. Where we can get close to him. Amen. Not just sit on a pew, but make ourselves ready. Amen. To represent the kingdom, to represent his power. When we go out with our associates, it's easy in here. Amen. But when you go out and you rub shoulders with the world, that's when it becomes hard. Amen. Amen. But we're here to draw strength. Amen. We're here to learn from him. We're here to for his word to be revealed to us. Amen. that we can know how how to go out and act in this kingdom. Amen. To represent his kingdom, this dying age. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The Bible says where the word of a king is, there is power. When a king says something, Amen. Amen. Who's going to say anything against it? Amen. When the word, Amen. When when the queen has the word of the king, Amen. Amen. Who can say anything against it? It's just as though the king said it. Amen. And your name is just as good on the checkbook as his is. Amen. Amen. You've taken on the name of the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. Thank you, Lord. Esther 2:8. So it came to pass when the king's commandment and his decree was heard. And when many maidens were gathered together into Shushon, the the palace to the custody of Heg that Esther was brought also under the king's house to the custoer of women. And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him. And he speedily gave her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meat to be given her out of the king's house. And he preferred her and her maze under the best place of the house of the women. And Esther had not showed her people, nor her kindred, for Mori had charged her that she should not show it. Mori was her was her uncle. Her mother and father were dead. Mori took Esther to raise her in the right way. Esther 21:15. Skip on down. Now when the turn of Esther the daughter of A E A E A E A E A E A E A E A E A E A E the uncle of Mori who had taken her for his daughter was cut was to go in unto the king. She required nothing. Listen to this. She required nothing but what Hagi the king's chamberlain the keeper of the women appointed. And Esther obtained favor in the sight of all them that looked upon her. So she only needed what had been provided. She didn't need anything extra. She didn't want any anything extra to doll herself up. She want she needed only what had been provided to her. Come on. He goes on to say verse 16. So Esther was taken to the king of Hashos under his royal house in the 10th month which is the month of Tibet in the seventh year of his reign. And the king loved Esther above all the women. And she obtained grace and favor in his sight more than all the virgins. So that he set the royal crown upon her head and made her a queen instead of Vesta. Thank you, Lord. So it's because of the spirit Esther had that she gained favor wherever she went. She gained favor with the king's chamberlain and she was willing to take that which was appointed because she knew the chamberlain represented what the king wanted. Yeah, that's good. She didn't need anything other than what had been provided and appointed. Amen. And only those Amen. only those who are true elect will be able to honor the full word of the king. It was not in Vasti to honor his word. It was not in her to be a true queen. But in Esther, in the elect is a different spirit, is a different seed. And that's what brings the eternal blessing. That's that's why you can take the instructions of the word and the others can't. That's why we can take the instructions of the word. And I believe by God's grace we can. I believe by God's grace I can. Amen. But that's what sets us apart from the denomination. Amen. because from within them is not a seed to be able to honor his word as is within you. I don't know what greater thing you could say to the queen of heaven than that. What understanding that is and nobody understands that. But only the true elect can represent and honor the full word. That's why you can stand. I'm preaching to you tonight. That's why you can stand on the promise. It is your allotted portion that he gave to you. You were predestinated. It was a predestinated word and you were predestinated to it. Right? The world rejects what you gave. But the bride is standing on thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. She receives the word of the king. She receives the word of the king. Where the word word of a king there is power. Amen. Amen. And she received by doing this, she received Esther the admiration of the king and his true servants. Amen. She was willing, amen, to lay aside the favor of the world. She was willing to lay aside, Amen, the garments of the world and whatever they had to offer. Amen. And take the garments that was pleasing to the king. Brother Bill says in marriage of lamb, I'll try to hurry here. I hear some kid crying back there. They're probably tired of hearing me scream. He said, "When the church begins to share the her fellowship with the world, God is a jealous God." He put Israel away because of that. And his son will put the same thing away. But he's going to have a bride that hasn't got a wrinkle in her. She's wholly washed by the blood of his own self. That's right. So, see where we stand? The wedding is getting ready to come. The world the world's making ready for battle, but you're making ready for a wedding. You're making ready for a wedding supper. Amen. Amen. We're being united with the word here. Amen. We're making ready for that. Amen. So, we look at Esther here again. I just I just love this character. She refused anything else but what the king wanted. She refused the attitude of a wouldbe queen. Oh, come on. She refused to take on that kind of attitude towards the desires and the voice of the king. She refused to take a wrong idea about the word and she refused to mix her own idea about the word. Just give me what the king requires. Yes, sir. Let me dress myself. Oh, come on. That was her desire. Give me these garments. Brother Brown goes on. Marriage of the lamb. I'll try to hurry. I'm sorry. A lot of Pentecostal women wearing clothes that pertain to a man. And God said it's an abomination in sight. That's right. How you expect to go to heaven like that? It shows that the Holy Spirit isn't there. If the Holy Spirit wasn't there, it would condemn you. He said, "You might shout, speak with tongues, run up and down, dance in spirit." He said, "I've seen Hindus and different religions do that. That don't mean nothing unless there's a lie to back up what you're talking about. A power of the Holy Ghost to make godly living people. That's the bride of Christ. And Esther was to become a bride. So she didn't want none of the adorning of the world. She wanted to go into the king just like she was. Amen. And she adorned she adorned himself like the Pentecostal women ought to with a meek humble spirit. He said when all these fancy ladies come by with her all new fandango things, whatever that means. The king looked at at them and put them in the chamber. Put them out with the concubines. But when this Esther come inside, he got a glimpse of that sweet, humble, meek spirit. Amen. That's the biblical garments. Amen. Of the bride. Amen. That's the biblical garments. He said, "That's her. Go, go get that crown and put it on her head. That's it." He said, "Let them adorn them spir themselves with that kind of spirit." Not only the women, but the men adorn themselves with that kind of spirit. Then you become ready for the bride, sweet and reverent. Thank you, Lord. Esther made her heart clean. Yes, sir. Ask Brother Brandham, "How do you how do you make your heart clean, Brother Brandham? Washed by the water of the word." Oh yeah. Through the blood of Jesus Christ. You've got to wear it. Thank you, Lord. You've got to wear it. You got to put it on. Washed by the water of the word. Amen. Oh yeah. Amen. I'll try to skip on down here. Do y'all believe me or no? I got so much So much here I'm trying to skip down. All right. Read this here again. In marriage of the lamb, the hour has come. The bride has made herself ready. Made herself ready. She's laid aside all these things. Remember Esther was chosen and all the others was rejected. And only those that's born again that's got the spirit of God will be chosen that day that the crown of glory will be set upon her head and the others will be rejected. So this bride, listen to this. This bride under her king's chamberlain, the one appointed, this bride under her messenger will become the final voice to the final age. God through you, God through the bride will have the final say when it comes to showdown time. Amen. And you're a thundering voice. Remember that you're a thundering voice. Amen. A voice that's been prepared. Amen. Predestinated. Amen. And we were coming to a showdown. Amen. Brother Random said in the spoken word, his original seed is he said it's a showdown against denominations and creed. It's a Mount Zion showdown. The rapture of his bride. Amen. Where she will stand there. Amen. She will stand there and reject. Amen. She will stand there and reject the denominational creeds. Amen. And dogmas and different things. And she will take that which is rejected. And she will clothe herselves in his righteousness and his glory. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You've got a purpose. Don't look Don't look at me like that, Brother Ben. You've got a purpose. All right, I'll try to hurry here. You've got a purpose. All right, don't let the devil ever tell you that you're just here for no reason. You've got a purpose. And Esther would later find out what her purpose was when Hmon would try to destroy the people of God. That's right. He would try to destroy the people of God. And he didn't he didn't he seen these people mingled in the kingdoms and dispersed throughout the different kingdoms and he and he accused them of of being a people that didn't obey the laws of the land. And so I just thought that that was kind of kind of funny. You know you know we are to obey the law, right? But not over the word of God. That's right. Right. The word of God has preceded over the laws of man. And that's how we have to live our lives. Amen. We have to do what's right. We have to we have to do the things that are right. No matter no matter what the persecution would be, no matter what the law would be. Amen. Amen. There's got to be got to be a people that know their God. Amen. That it's got faith and that they that are willing to be reverent to the things that he has said. And so Esther Esther had a purpose later on. Amen. Amen. Mori Amen. They they had had they had murdered some there of the Jews and and Morortei there he had met he had met Hmon there in the gate the king's gate and there is and and Mori or Hmon didn't like it as he would come to Mori and Mori would just stand there and not move out of his way. He would not give him the respect. Right. And I like that. You know, we've got to be firm as as sons and daughters of God. That's right. We've got to stand against what's wrong. You've got to stand firm. Not move to the left or right. Just stand there. Right. We've got to stand. We've got to take a stand for what's right. Amen. And there Mori would tell Esther, "Amen. For such a time as this." Amen. You were appointed for such a time as this this occasion. Amen. You have been brought to this place to save your people. Amen. And I want to say tonight, I'll finish this with with this. There's life within the bride. There's saving power. Amen. Within your prayer, amen. Amen. When we take the token, when we take the blood, Amen. Amen. Applied over our homes, that's a saving power. Amen. For our people, Amen. It's a saving power for our loved ones. Amen. Amen. They'll have to walk over that blood. They'll have to walk over those prayers. Amen. Amen. But God, Amen. If you if you'll apply that, I believe God will honor it. Thank you, Lord. Let's just stand tonight. I got so much here and I'm sorry. Amen. Put on the biblical garments. Amen. Cast off the adorning of the world. Cast those things off. Isaiah 52 and1 says, "Awake, awake. Put on thy strength, oh Zion. Zion, the top of the bride. Put on thy strength. Put on the Holy Ghost. That's your strength. That's the only way we're going to be able to make it by the power of the Holy Ghost. Say that's simple. That's life. Put on thy strength, oh Zion. Put on thy beautiful garments, oh Jerusalem, the holy city. For henceforth there shall no more come unto thee uncircumcised and unclean. Shake thyself from the dust. Shake yourself from the ashes, from the dust of this life, and may shake yourself, sit down, oh Jerusalem. Loose thyself from thy bands of thy neck, oh captive daughter of Zion. For thus sayith the Lord, you have sold yourselves for not and you shall be redeemed without money. Amen. Awake yourselves. Amen. Have the victory. Put on the armor of God. Put on the Holy Ghost. Put on the beautiful garments, the splendor, the righteousness. The Bible says here of the garments there as the attribute of God as something that God gave you, a part of God. Put that on as sons and daughters of God. Wear where that you're a son of God. Wear that you're a daughter of God. Put on that glory. Take your position. Be an overcomer. Shake thyself from the dust. Shake yourself. Amen. from this earth. Shake yourself from this rubbish. Amen. Amen. And be loosened. Amen. Be loosened. Amen. It's a time of freedom. Amen. It's a time of the opening of the word. It's a time of the loosening of the seals. Amen. Amen. Not just not just something of pages in a book. Amen. But a loosening power. Amen. Amen. The power of Jesus Christ to set his people free. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts and our heads. Amen. And Lord, we just love you once again. We thank you so much, Lord, for your word. Lord, we believe that there's power in it. If we can if we can receive it, Lord, if we can accept it and put it on our lips, Lord. So, Lord, I just pray that you'd give us the faith and the courage, Lord, to go forth this week, Lord. These people, Lord, give them, Lord, their every footstep that they they walk upon, Lord, as their possession, give it to them, Lord. Lord, we've got something to do. We've got to make ourselves ready, Lord. Lord, we we thank you so much for what you provided. We just want to testify tonight that it's more than enough. The Holy Ghost is more than enough to change a heart, a life, Lord. It's more than enough. The blood is more than enough. What you provide is more than enough to bring joy in our lives, Lord, to that we could give you praise, Lord. We love you so much, Lord. Lord, take take our lives, Lord. If we've misused your time, if we've misused our our time upon this earth, Lord, get glory from what's left. Get glory from what's left, Lord. We pray. Lord, help us to be sincere. Help us to be true. Help us to honor your word, Lord. We pray now. We love you so much. We thank you for your people. Jesus name. Amen. test while I s your feet sweet spirit sweep over my soul. Sing that again. [Music] Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. [Music] My rest is complete while I sit at your feet. Sweet spirit, sweep over my Let's sing that once again if anybody needs prayer. Sweep over my soul, sweep over my soul. [Music] Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. [Music] My rest is complete. While our sin at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. [Music] saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Can we lift our hands and sing that to him again? Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. [Music] Heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now for your spirit. [Music] Amen. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. You love the Lord this evening. Amen. If all hearts are clear, let's let's sing that song. Key of G, I thank. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Well, and while they were singing, somebody touched me. While they were singing, somebody touched me. And while they were singing, somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord while they were preaching. Oh, while they were preaching, somebody touched me. While they were preaching, somebody touched me. While they were preaching, somebody touch me. It must have been the hand. Glory, glory. Once again. And glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. I know it was the hand. You're free to go in the name of the Lord. Oh, while they were shouting, somebody touch me. While they were shouting, somebody touched me. While they were shouting, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Get lost him in the hand. [Music]
