################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-05-16 - Bro.Andrew Glover - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2021-05-16
Title:   Bro.Andrew Glover
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0N23vZv9EM
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Baby. [Music] Goodbye. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, that never shall run dry. Sing it to him this morning now. Oh, there is a river [Music] and it flows from deep within. Now there is a fountain and it frees my soul from sin. Oh, now come to this water [Music] for there is Amen. You believe that this morning? Amen. It's never going to run out. Amen. And that way it wasn't all used up last night. There is a river Oh, and it never shall. Sing it to him one more time. Now again. Amen. Oh yes, there is a river and it flows from deep within. Yes, there is a fountain and it frees my soul from sin. Oh, now just come to these waters. Oh, for there is such a vast supply. Amen. Amen. You believe it this morning? Yes, there is a river and it never shall run dry. I gave him my hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Want to welcome everybody out this morning. Amen. Most of the visitors are gone. Amen. But we're here. Amen. We can still have just as much fun. Amen. Now we got more room to do it in. Amen. So let's sing to him worshiping this morning. Amen. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Come, Holy Spirit. Yeah, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Singing welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. live inside of me. We lift our hands to worship you. Holy Spirit, holy one. Oh, come into this temple and live inside of me. singing welcome Holy Spirit. All right, let's make him welcome this morning. Now we are in your presence. [Music] Oh, amen. We believe we're in his presence. Amen. Every one of us brought a piece of him. Live inside of me. Singing, "Welcome, Holy Spirit. spirit. Now we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. Amen. The living water. Cuz you're the living water. [Music] Oh that never drying fountain, comforter and counelor. Take complete control. [Music] Singing welcome Holy Spirit. All right. Oh we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. Oh, sing and welcome, Holy Spirit. [Music] We are in your presence. [Music] Oh, fill us with your lift our hands of worship. Let's sing that one again to him. Amen. Amen. We lift our hands. Oh, we lift our hands to worship you. Holy Spirit, holy one. Oh, come into this temple and live inside of me. [Music] singing welcome Holy Spirit. Oh now we are in your presence. [Music] Oh fill us with your power [Music] live inside of me. [Music] Singing welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] Yes, we are in your presence. [Music] Oh, fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Amen. Amen. Amen. God is good all the time. Amen. Amen. If you're walking through the valley. Amen. Now if you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. You know his word is true. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. It's in the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. Now God so good all the time. Amen. Amen. Now we were sinners so unworthy. Still for us he chose to die. He has filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies you know they'll never end. God is good. Amen. All the time. Amen. You believe it this morning. Amen. In the darkest night, Amen. God is good all the time. It's in that darkest night his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good. Amen. Play it for us this morning. Amen. Play it good. [Music] Amen. All right. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good. Amen. Amen. If you're walking through the valley, let's do that one more time. Now, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear for he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. You know he's promised to never leave you nor forsake you. You know his words are true. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. It's in that darkest night. You know his light will shine. God is good. Yeah. He's so good all the time. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Give our musicians a hand this morning. Amen. You appreciate them today. Amen. They sure make a bad singer sound a little bit better. I hope. Amen. So, I just appreciate their help. Amen. So, we certainly appreciate them. Amen. Good to have brother Tom, sister Nancy, their son back with us, visiting back. Amen. Home folk to run away from us. Amen. But we'll forgive them. I guess we got to since brother Andrew is here. So, we got to be good. We got to be good till he goes home, right? Amen. So, just looking forward to another good day in the Lord. Amen. Uh we don't have any written request. Uh I went back, Brother Andrew told me to tell everybody this, so I guess I'll have to. Uh, I went back and and was changing my shirt after service and he was still back there. And I grabbed the little trash bag that Brother Bean had folded up and I said, "I'm going to get this out of here and not let it get open and I'm going to throw it out there in the trash can. I'm going to take no chances." And so, uh, brother, he said, "You tell them that this morning when you come out." So, so we so anybody that's streaming that was here will come back and reream. Whatever you throw it into that trash bag, it's going to go down to the hearty dump wherever they take it at. Amen. But but better than that, it it's going to go in the sea of forgetfulness. Amen. Give the Lord another hand this morning. Amen. Amen. We we have our brothers come for the offering this morning. Uh just remember the needs of the church. We don't have any written request. Uh so that's that's a good thing. Amen. And so we're just looking forward to that. Amen. We have brother Stewart come. Amen. take these requests for us this morning. Just you have a need on your heart. Amen. Just lift that before the Lord. Let's just bow our hearts before him. Lord, we love you this morning. Lord, we just invite your presence, Lord. Your Holy Spirit here today among us, Lord. And Lord, your prophet said that you your Holy Spirit is here to vindicate himself, to vindicate vindicate the promise of the hour. And Lord, we've seen you do that, Lord. We we've seen you come and just manifest yourself among us. And Lord, we thank you for that this morning. Lord, we thank you for the deliverance, Lord, the healing that you've brought to your children over these past few services. God, we just stand in worship this morning. Just thankful, Lord, that that we can be free, Lord, that we can live, Lord, as sons and daughters in in this leodyian age that we don't have to be bound. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for being our God. We just ask that you would just bless this day, Lord. Bless your people, Lord. every every heart, every life. Lord, may may your Holy Spirit just come one more time, Lord. Lord, speak to every heart, every life. Lord, may we leave here just a better people, Lord. More Lord, just on fire and consecrated for you, Lord. That's our heart's desire here today, Lord. We just ask that you would, Lord, just bless everything. Bless our brother Andrew, Lord. Just give him, Lord, give him strength in his body, strengthen his voice, Lord. Lord, anoint him aresh this morning, Lord, to minister to your bride, Lord, your your your elect lady, Lord. Lord, you care so much for her, Lord. That you just sent your ministers her way, Lord, to minister your word and your gospel to her, Lord. Lord, we thank you for that, Lord. We just ask that you bless every aspect of the service, everything that's said and done. We love you. We thank you. In Jesus name we pray. He's got it all. Amen. Amen. You believe it this morning? He's got it all in control. He's put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. where I put my life. I put my life. Amen. Amen. We can really come to an understanding of this this morning. Amen. He's got it all in control for us. Oh, now every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. I put my life in his hand. He's got it all. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He's put that reassur down in miles away. Amen. You thankful for that reassurance this morning. No matter what you're going through, way down in your soul. Amen. Sing that again. [Music] He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh, he's put that reassur way down in my soul. Amen. The way he has control, I put my life, that's what gives me control. Amen. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. Now every road I walk down, sure it's in his plan. [Music] I put my life in his hand. Gave him one more hand of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. You can be seated if you need to this morning. Brother Goff, you you got one ready for us, buddy? Amen. Back home, I'm just used to normally sometimes doing the song service and then preaching and then closing the service. So, since I was asked if I had any other songs, I thought I would utilize the musicians that are here and uh just do one maybe transition into another song if that's okay. So, I don't mean for me to be the only one singing. These are songs that we all know. So, if you want to sing it with me, please feel free to do so. This is all for the glory of the Lord. Anyways, we're here to worship him. All right. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great and there's no one else like you. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's praise him now. You are great. You do need to replace and there's no one else like you. Hallelujah. No one else like you. You deserve all the glory. Hallelujah. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you, Lord. Thank you, Father. No one like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do mirales so great. And there's no one else like you. There is no one else like you ever. How we love to worship you and love [Music] you. How we long to worship you, Lord. We come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, we will lift the holy hand. [Music] Hello. He Lord, we long to worship you. And I love hearing how we long to worship you. Listen to this now. We are in Satan's Eden. Satan tries to knock us down, but with your spirit sealed within us, anointed in righteousness, we rise and say, "Let [Music] Lord, we long to worship you and [Music] you tell him again now. I am in love. [Music] My little Oh, how I long to worship you, my ad. [Music] Worship you. [Music] I used to be when I was sinning, Satan stood all somewhere grinning as the pleasure that he brought just turned on me. Well, tear drops came like a rain falling till I heard my savior calling. If you can't go on anymore, just lean on me cuz I won't walk without Jesus. No, I won't talk without Jesus. I refuse to live one day as before. No, I won't go without Jesus. It just ain't so. Without Jesus, cuz everything that I would do, it just ain't so without the Lord. A beggar laid at the gate sitting and all his life he regretted was never stood or took a stroll on down the street. Peter John passed by. Oh, look on us. Oh, Jesus said, "Rise up and fall in the name of the Lord." And he stood to his feet. You know, I won't walk without Jesus. I won't talk without Jesus. I live one day as before. No, I won't go without Jesus. It just ain't so without Jesus. Cuz everything that I would do, I just won't do without the Lord. Well, I won't walk without Jesus. And I won't talk without Jesus. I refuse to live one day as before. Jesus, it just ain't so. Without Jesus was everything that I would do, I just can't do without the Lord. No, everything that I would do, I just can't do without the Lord. [Music] [Applause] Thank you, Lord. Amen. That boy will learn to sing one day. Amen. Appreciate that, buddy. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this little course. Mary, you going to be able to sing this morning? Did you get it together? Hey, I won't get in trouble today. Amen. Amen. She practicing a new song. You going to try to do it still? Amen. So, let's sing this little course. So glad I'm yours, Lord. just before she kills. I'm yours, Lord. I'm so glad. Tell him this morning now. So glad your mercies have followed me. Amen. Amen. I'm so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. I'm so glad. One more time. Amen. Mary, you make your way. So glad I'm yours, Lord. I'm so glad I'm yours. I'm so glad all your mercies have followed me. I'm so glad you found me. Amen. Amen. And you set me free. So glad I [Music] [Music] once was lost. Lost, but now I'm found. I was lost, but now I'm found. So far away, but I'm home now. I once was lost, but now I'm found. And now my life see. I once was blind, but now I see. I once was blind, but now I see. I don't know how, but when he touched me, I once was blind, but now I see. And now my life so sees. And now my life so I once was dead but now I live. I once was dead, but now I live. And now my life to you. I give now my life to you. I give [Music] I was lost, but now I'm found. I was lost, but now I'm found. So far away, but I'm home now. I once was lost, but now I'm ground. And now my life song sings. And now my life so see me. And now my life so see. It was lost. Now I'm found. I once was lost, but now I'm found. So far away, but I'm home. Now I once was lost, but now I'm found. Now my life so [Music] now my life so [Music] Amen. Amen. Thank you man. Appreciate that. Amen. I love that song. Amen. Once was dead, but now we live. Amen. Let's just stand together. Turn to service. Brother, what a mighty God Jesus is. Oh mighty God, my Jesus is. Oh, what a mighty God I Jesus sing. [Music] Heavens and earth adore him. His bride loves to bow before him. him singing, "What a mighty God." Amen. Sing it to him now. Amen. Sing it from your hearts now. My Jesus is. Aren't you glad he's a mighty God this morning? Oh, what a mighty God, mighty Jesus is. Thank you, Lord. Oh, [Music] heavens and earth adore him. Oh, and we love that you bow before him. Thank you, Lord. Oh, what a mighty God. Jesus is. You believe he's a mighty God today? Amen. Isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord on a Sunday morning? Amen. To continue to worship God and and to just give him all the glory and the honor. Uh we want to do that today. It's good to have each and every one of you with us. I want to uh thank you for coming and and you supported the meetings. I appreciate that. And some of the folks that come from brother Eric Reeks, we appreciate you coming this morning and um and being here all weekend and drove down and I pray God would give you a special blessing for that. And and then uh those of you that come from Texas, Brother Joshua, and coming through traveling through to Ohio and and we appreciate you coming, buddy. And you're welcome back at any time. and and then I see um uh brother Tom Herring and Sister Nancy with us and their son with us this morning. Good to have you all back. You're y'all are home, folks. So, y'all just make yourself welcome. We've kind of changed the sanctuary since they've been here. So, they didn't know where to sit down when they come in, but but uh we appreciate them coming and and give Brother Tim and the folks there at at the church our greetings. And uh thank God for the bride all around the world. I was so thankful for all the people that supported our meetings from all of the different local churches. I was so happy to see that and just a few from every church it seemed like and I appreciated that very much and uh kind of a different crowd every night but we appreciated that. And um there's some meetings coming up I wanted to tell you about and on Memorial Day there's three different meetings going on to the east of us. Brother Ivy is having meetings that weekend and I'll probably be over there. I think brother McGary is going to be there, brother David McGary. And um so I'll probably go fellowship with them some over the weekend. And um and then brother David Silers, I think brother Donnie Reagan is coming in over there if I'm not mistaken on Memorial Day weekend and going to be at brother David Silers, brother Joseph Hammond is having a youth meeting I believe that same weekend. So if you get a chance to want to travel on Memorial Day weekend, that'd be fine to go fellowship with them. We don't want just people to come here. We want to go fellowship with them as well and bless them. So we appreciate all of our sister churches in the area. Uh everybody striving to promote the message of the hour. Amen. and what we believe is the end time truth because we're going home and we got to, as I said the other night, we got to learn how to sit around a table and get along. We can't get along here. What are we going to do when we get there? Be kind of awkward. We don't want heaven to be awkward, do you? Amen. Amen. So, we appreciate your fellowship this morning. I want to say thanks to the sisters who work so hard on on the food and different ones and that helped. And I won't start calling names because I'll leave you out. But I do want to thank my wife for putting up with me doing this and especially being her birthday, our anniversary coming up, both of my kids' birthdays and and everybody that's helped out. And um Brother Joe, we don't mention him, but he cleans the church now and then and we appreciate him doing that and and uh and coming and and sweeping up after everybody's gone and different things like that. And it means a lot. And your service to the Lord means a lot. I appreciate our deacons being being here and and helping us in the meeting and and you don't know what that means to be here and the Savage family coming and supporting the meetings with what went on this week with brother Harvey passing away, but we believe that uh you know that's what he would want and that's what brother Harvey said. So, we appreciate that. You don't know what that means to me as a pastor to see you doing that and uh being at your post of duty, it means something. You're you're a part of the wheel. If you've ever tried to ride a bike with the spokes out, you know what it's like to have to have a spoke not there. You're a part when you're not here. We miss you. And so we thank you for being here this morning. I especially want to thank brother Andrew, Sister Mariah for coming and being with us this morning and and this whole weekend. Hasn't it been wonderful? And the word of God been wonderful. My It just feels like we could leave this place and just go home. Amen. Amen. But we got more this morning. We got another helping, another part of the feast. It's a seven course meal. We're going to get part of that this morning. And so, as brother Andrew comes, I want to uh this young man has dedicated his life to the Lord. And I just I I want to thank him for that. And uh I know what it's like to be a young preacher and the kind of criticism that you get and and and being out there and and and just preaching it straight and and preaching like a man advanced in years, but he's not. And but I just appreciate that and like I said, I I I empathize with that, I guess, a little bit. And and I want to say thank you to him. And God, may God bless his ministry. As he comes, could we sing thanks? Thanks. I give you thanks. Most of all, we want to thank him for being here. Amen. Let's do that. As brother Andrew comes, I want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. No more time. I want to say thanks. Oh, I give you thanks. for all you've done. Oh, I am so blessed. Oh, my soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Aren't you glad you can thank him today? Amen. I forgot somebody. I forgot to thank our musicians. Amen. Give them a hand this morning. Amen. They've done a wonderful job and we appreciate our musicians here at Word of Life Tabernacle. God bless you. Thank you for being at your post of duty. Amen. Let's sing it once again as brother Andrew comes. Amen. Oh, I want to say thanks. Oh, thanks. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I give you thanks one more time. [Music] I give you thanks for all you done. [Music] I am so blessed. So, oh Lord, I give you thanks. You can give him thanks this morning. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. He He is worthy to be praised. Amen. believe the Bible said from the rising of the sun to the going down of the same, he is worthy to be praised. And isn't he a mighty God this morning, Amen. And we sure love him and we thank him for his mercy and his grace. And we want to say God bless you once again this morning. We sure count it an honor, privilege to be with you all. And I pray that uh something has been said to be a blessing to you and a help to you this weekend and to encourage the church here. and want to say we appreciate all the labors of the assembly here for the meetings and the cooking and uh the fellowship and everything that's been done. We we just want to say we appreciate it and appreciate brother Ben. Appreciate his friendship, the church here and all of our friends here this morning. We we just uh thank the Lord for the privilege he's given us to serve him. Amen. We know that it ain't going to be much longer and we're all going to be gathered back home where we came from. There won't be no more, you know, 500, 600,000 miles between us. Amen. but we'll all be together. Amen. And we sure are looking forward to that. And if you have your Bibles this morning, we want to look in the book of Micah, the fifth chapter. And while you're turning there, we want to say that we pray the Lord would just continue to bless the assembly here. May you just continue to grow in the word and the Lord. And amen, may his his blessing rest upon you. And I appreciate you all for your stand for this message. And Amen. I believe it's the power of God and the salvation. Don't you? Amen. In the book of Micah, the fifth chapter and in the second verse, uh before we before we read, can we just bow our hearts together for a word of prayer? Let's just ask him to come and how many will agree the word is anointed this morning, let's just ask him to anoint our faith in his anointed word. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this afternoon, Lord, on this Sunday morning, this resurrection day, Father, as a young man, Lord, just a little boy, Father, there's always been something in my heart about a Sunday morning and to wake up, the sun to be shining, the birds to be singing, Lord, and to be able to make our way to the house of God. That that is something, Lord, I don't ever want to take lightly. But Lord, I want to take advantage of every opportunity that you give us to be in your presence and to be in your house. And this morning, Lord, as we come, Lord, as we want to just thank you for moving among us, Lord, in these meetings in such a special way, Lord, how your presence has just come and wave after wave. And Lord, surge after surge of your glory. We felt you among us. Thank you, Lord. Lord, I believe lives have been changed. I believe hearts have been touched. Now, Father, as we endeavor to look into your word this morning, I'm asking you to send the spirit of grace into this meeting, may you drive back every spirit of tiredness, every spirit of coldness, Father, Lord, every enemy that will try to hinder this meeting in any way. Father, I pray you would bind the hand of the enemy. Lord, may you give us a liberty in your word this morning. Father, you see these thoughts that are upon my heart, Lord, being Lord, led into this direction, Lord, just just by your spirit moving us in this way. I pray Lord that some way, somehow something could be said to strengthen this church, to strengthen your people. Lord, may you anoint us aresh this morning, God, and we'll be sure to give you all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory for it's in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We do pray and all the believers said, "Amen." Amen. And amen. the book of Micah the fifth chapter and in the second verse the Bible here says but thou Bethlehem Ephraa though thou be little among the thousands of Judah yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel whose goings forth have been from of old from everlasting I love this here but thou Bethlehem Ephraa Uh, I love what what the spirit of prophecy through the prophet Micah says, "Though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, but yet out of thee shall he come forth." Now, think about that. Though thou be the least or the smallest of the thousands of Israel, of Judah, yet out of thee shall come something great. Now, in the book of Matthew, the 2 chapter, those of you that study the messianic prophecies, you know that Matthew 2 is the fulfillment of Micah 5. In Matthew the 2 chapter in the first verse, the Bible here says, "Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem, saying, Where is he that is born king of the Jews? For we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him." When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled and all Jerusalem with him. And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born. And they said unto him, "In Bethlehem of Judea," notice here, what do they go back to what the prophet said, "For thus it is written by the prophet, and thou Bethlehem in the land of Judea, are not the least among the princes of Judah. For out of thee shall come a governor. Let's say that together. For out of thee shall come a governor that shall rule my people Israel. And then when Herod, when he had privately called the wise men, inquired of them diligently, what time did the star appear? And he sent them to Bethlehem and said, "Go and search diligently for the young child. And when ye have found him, bring me word again that I may come and worship him also." So how many wants to worship the resurrected Lord Jesus Christ this morning that I amen may worship him also. And when they had heard the king they departed and lo the star which they saw in the east went before them notice till it came and stood over where the young child was. And I love this. And when they saw amen the star they rejoiced with exceeding great joy. when when they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy. We ask the Lord this morning to add the blessing to the reading of his word. As you may have your seats here this morning, amen, from those scriptures, if I if I could speak to you this morning, maybe just to share some things from my heart, I'd like to speak to you on the mystery of Bethlehem. The mystery of Bethlehem. Now, you you that that title may uh throw you there for just a moment, but give us some grace. Amen. And maybe just to lay a foundation here in the direction we want to go this morning, the prophet actually preaches a message called Amen. Why little Bethlehem? And in that message in the in the paragraph 81, he says, "But all the time in there, do you notice there's working a great mighty mystery that no one seemed to understand?" He said, "That's the same thing it is today." Amen. In God's Bethlehem today. Think about that. That's the same thing it is today in God's Bethlehem today. He said there's working a mystery sign that no one seems to understand it. It's something that goes over the top of the heads of the people. They don't seem to get it. No matter what's done or what's said, he said, "And the mysterious part of the things it's done, the people will say, "Oh, well, I guess it's all right." And they'll go right on, but they don't understand it. He said, "They can't catch it. They can't grasp it." He said, "That's what God was doing in Bethlehem in Judea." Amen. That's what God who was doing this. God was doing this in Bethlehem in Judea. He was working all these little things. Amen. Moving up to come to one great head. Now, now I I want you to catch something here because Amen. Amen. One of my favorite tapes has been Amen. Why little Bethlehem? And I've listened to that tape probably a hundred times over and over and over and over and over. Amen. But just the other day, amen, I really finally caught why the prophet of God was preaching that message in that quote right there. He said, "In God's Bethlehem today." So, amen, right there, we find there was a Bethlehem of a thousands of years ago. Amen. But then, there is a Bethlehem of today where there is a Bethlehem now. Now, amen. I'll say it like this. It wasn't a man's doing then. Amen. In the Bethlehem then. And it's not a man's doing today. in the best of I am today. It has always and always will be the doing of the almighty God. The prophet will say in return in Jubilee, you see what a man can do and then you see what God does. Think about this. What man does, Amen, is failing and it will fail and it has failed and it will always fail. See, brother Brandham left man no room, amen, to succeed. Amen. But but what God does is eternal and must forever remain. See, nothing can ever take it away. Amen. God give it. It's his free gift. And by a sovereign foresight. Amen. He saw it and he placed it. And there's nothing can ever move it. It is there eternally. Amen. So what a man does has failed. Amen. It will fail. It has always failed. It will continue to fail. Amen. But what God does is eternal. Amen. than to think this morning that God was doing something, amen, eternally out of a little city called Bethlehem. Now, the prophet said God was working, amen, a mystery out of Bethlehem. Now, you say, "But Andrew, what is a mystery?" Well, the Bible says in Matthew 13:1, "Amen, because it is given unto you, which the prophet says, that is his disciples." Amen. To know the mystery. Somebody say mysteries. Amen. the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven. Amen. But to them it is not given. Now watch what a mystery is. It is a scripture. It is a previously hidden truth. Amen. Now divinely revealed but which Amen. A supernatural element still remains. Amen. Despite the revelation. So when the revelation comes, Amen. the revelation does not remove the supernatural. Amen. The revelation restores the supernatural. Amen. And I'll say it like this. Amen. Bethlehem was not a natural city. Amen. It was not a natural place. It was not just a natural little village. Amen. But it was a supernatural city. Amen. It was a supernatural place. Amen. And that's what would inspire a prophet to come and say, "Amen. Why little Bethlehem?" Amen. Now, how many loves to hear the prophet preach on them tapes? Amen. The prophet will preach messages. And I love sometimes to listen to the ones, Amen. that he preaches in the form of questions. Amen. Because if his sermon Amen. Amen. If his sermon is going to be an an a question, Amen. then the the the title is going to be a question. Amen. Then the sermon is going to be an answer. Think about that. Amen. If the title is a question, then the sermon is going to be an answer. Amen. Like he'll say, "Who is God?" Amen. Or he'll preach, "Who is this?" Or he'll preach, "Who is Jesus?" Or even preach, "Who is this Melzdc?" Amen. He'll preach one called, "What? Thank you of Christ." And and what is that in your hand? Amen. What is a vision? And what does it take? Amen. To make a Christian life. What is the works of God? Amen. What went you out to see? What is the Holy Ghost? What was the Holy Ghost given for? Amen. What shall I do with this Jesus called Christ? Amen. What is the attraction on the mountain? Amen. How can I overcome? Is your life worthy of the gospel? Amen. Why I am a holy roller? Amen. Why I am praying for the sick? Amen. Why are people so tossed about? Why is it so many Christians find it so hard, Amen, to live the Christian life? Why some people, amen, can't keep the victory? Why we are not a denomination? Amen. Now, I love this one because in the title, Amen. He also gives the answer. He says, "Why cry?" Amen. Speak. Amen. Why cry? Speak. Amen. Why am I against organized religion? Amen. Why? It had to be shepherd. Amen. See, if there is a question, then there must be an answer. Amen. But where there is a question, there must be an answer. Amen. There it is. You now notice this now being an answer. Amen. There must be a correct answer. And if we get an answer to anything and it isn't right, then we know that it is wrong. Amen. But there it is. Amen. You would still ask until the true question, amen, is answered. If you want to know the truth and beam, this is, Amen, a Bible question. It should have a Bible answer. Now, here he's preaching the message marriage and divorce. And he says, "If there's a Bible question," Amen. There's got to be a Bible answer. Amen. I'll say it like this. Like Jesus said, "Search the scriptures." Amen. For in them, Amen. You think you have eternal life. Amen. But they are they which testify of me. Amen. So in the scriptures is where the answer is to the question. Amen. It's an example of a Bible question here. Where is God's chosen place of worship? That's not a man's question. That's not a preacher's question. That is a biblical question. Amen, brother. Where is God's chosen place of worship? He said, "Now, if it's a Bible question, it's got to have a Bible answer. And it should not be able to come from a group of men. Amen. From any certain fellowship or some educator or some denomination. It should come straight from the scripture." Amen. The question to where is, amen, God's provided place of worship. It should not be coming from a prophet. It should not be coming from a evangelist. It should not be coming from a pastor. it should be coming. Amen. From the scripture. Now, I'll tell you like this. And William Brandham was a word prophet. Amen. Therefore, when he gave you the answer, it was not William Brandom's answer. It was the word answer concerning the word question. Oh, to think this morning, church, where God's meeting place is. We now know. Amen. We've got the answer to the question. Amen. I think of the Queen of Sheba. Amen. Who came to prove Solomon. What did she come to prove him with? Amen. With hard questions. Amen. And Solomon told her, Amen, all of her questions. Glory to God. Amen. Solomon told her, Amen, all of her questions. You know what I like about that? Amen. Before the Queen of Sheba had the question, Amen. God already had the answer. Amen. And it's the same way with us today. Amen. The world is full of questions. Amen. But we're not here preaching from a bunch of questions this morning. Amen, brother Tom. The world is full of questions. Amen. But the message is still the answer. Amen. To think this morning, there is a man today. And that man is Jesus. There is a man that understands. Amen. The supernatural. There is a man that can interpret this age that we're living in. There is a man in our midst. And he's got the answer to these questions. Who is it? It's the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. The man that is in the midst of the church that's got the answer to the question is the Lord Jesus. Now, now I'll say it like this. There are some questions that we are to avoid. Amen. For they have no value that leads to spiritual growth. Is that okay? Amen. There are some questions that we are to avoid because they have no value that leads to spiritual growth. I think of when Paul wrote to Timothy. Amen. What he does is he addresses these questions in 1 Timothy 1:4. He says, "Neither give heed to fables and to endless genealogies which minister questions." Amen. Rather than godly edifying, which in faith, Amen. So do in 2 Timothy 2:23, but foolish and unlearned questions. Amen. Avoid knowing that they do gender strife. In Titus 3:9, but avoid foolish questions and genealogies and and contentions and strivings about the law. Amen. For they are unprofitable and they are vain. Amen. That word question means a seeking. It means an inquiry. It means a subject of questioning or debate. It means something that leads amen to a matter of controversy. It means something that leads the church to controversy. Amen. Rather than lead them to stability. Prophet of God said, "When I first started out, I wrote a little book here and and they asked me a question. Is it wrong to smoke? Is it wrong to drink? Is it wrong to do so and so?" I said, "Don't ask me foolish questions. Make this up in your mind. If you love the Lord with all your heart, you don't smoke, you don't chew, or drink any shine." Amen. I still stand by that. When the love of God is in your heart, Amen. then you've got no time for nothing else. Amen. You are sold out. If the love of the world or the things of the world is because the love of God is not in you. He said, "Now listen, if we are not Pentecost," Amen. Let's quit saying we are until we get back to the real Pentecostal experience. Amen. Get back, Amen. to faith, which is daring faith. Amen. That them disciples sealed their death with their faith. And he said the faith of the fathers live and still in spite of the dungeon, in spite of the flame, in spite of the sword. That's what we want is real. Amen. Genuine faith. That's what we want here this morning, church. It's not a bunch of Hollywood faith. It's not a bunch of man-made faith. Amen. We are looking for that real genuine. Amen. Daring faith of the living God. It says if I go in the dungeon, Amen. God will deliver. If I stand before the sword, Amen. God will deliver. If I stand before the fire, Amen. God will deliver. I'm talking about an answer that is coming this age. Amen. That didn't produce more questions. It didn't produce controversy. It didn't produce contentions and strivings, but it came to produce a stability in the heart of the church of the living God. Amen. To think brother Brandon was not preaching those sermons in the form of questions to tear down faith. He was preaching those sermons in the form of questions to build up faith. Amen. See, the Bible says in Colossians 2:7 that you would be rooted and built up in him and established. Somebody say established. Amen. established in the faith as you have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving. Jude will say it like this. He will say, "Beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith." Amen. Praying in the Holy Ghost. Now, now, can I read you something the prophet said? He said, "I want to speak to you sometime this week on God's unconditional covenant. It's nothing but just to build up the faith of the people." Yes, sir. just to get them built up to a place where it gets all the scare away from them. And he says the Christian has not one worry in the world. They should be the most freest, the most happiest people in all the world. Are you ready for this? Amen. Because you can't lose. Oh, glory to God. Amen. You can't lose. All things work together for good to them that love God. Amen. So, how can we lose? There's just nothing to lose, is there? We are just anchored in Jesus. Amen. Going home to glory. Amen. Having a good time while we're going along and God providing everything for us. Amen. How many is expecting God to do something for us? He said he can't do nothing for us when we're just all drooping around like something about half dead. He wants a lively church. Amen. He wants the members in there to be lively stones. Amen. built up into a house of faith that will believe him, that will accept him and will take him at his word. Amen. See, then faith is something more than imagination. Amen. But faith is a substance. Amen. Now, how does faith come? Amen. Faith comes by positionally, Amen. knowing who we are. Amen. Not positionally hoping we know who we are. Amen. Positionally thinking we know who we are. Amen. But positionally knowing, Amen. who we are. Now, in the the adoption series, the prophet says Bible teaching, amen, is usually a little treacherous. He said, you know, kind of like walking on thin ice. He said, at this time, I be I believe it'd be a good thing, Amen. to bring the church to what I think to a complete understanding, amen, positionally. Amen. Now, think about this. A complete understanding is a positionally placed by the word of God. Amen. Of what we are in Christ Jesus. Amen. Now, preaching usually catches the sinner and brings him under condemnation by the word. Amen. But teaching places a man positionally, amen, what he is. Are you ready? And we can never rightly be able to have faith until positionally we know what we are. As long as you sit in church, amen, thinking somebody's going to take your place and somebody's going to take your position, amen, you'll never serve God, amen, to the full capacity that he's called you to serve him in. Amen. But I'll say it like this. Amen. When you come to a place in your soul that you know who no matter what comes and no matter what goes, you know God placed you there. There ain't enough devils in all of torment. There ain't enough demons in all of hell. There ain't enough spirits. Amen. against this bride. Amen. To back her off the word of God. LISTEN FRIENDS, I'M NOT CONCERNED. AMEN. That tomorrow God is going to find somebody else. Amen. To take my place in the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. He didn't put me in this place. Amen. For somebody to come and take it. Oh, come on church. And he didn't put you in this church. Amen. For some fly by night. Amen. To come by and take your position. But he put you here. And he positionally placed you here with an anointing upon your life. Amen. To fulfill, Amen. the purpose that he had of you. Amen. From before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Amen. Somebody shout, "Can't nobody take my place." Oh, can't nobody take my place. Are you hearing me? Amen. Can't nobody take your place, brother. Amen. Amen. When you know who you are. Amen. Can't nobody take your place. Amen. When you know who you are. Amen. I I was talking to a brother one time. He said, "We was on a minister's meeting and he said a big guy walked in, a big preacher, he said that was over the head of a false doctrine around the message and he said this guy come in the room and he said all these preachers they all got scattered and got nervous and got to got to acting all crazy." He said they jumped up and they running over there and he said they almost bowing at him. He said they were saluting him and hugging him, everything else. And this brother told me, he said the preacher with him said, "Why didn't you get up and run over there?" He said, "Well, when you know who you are," Amen. who comes in the room don't change who you are. Amen. And I think that's a good point to make here this morning. When you know you're a believer, if an unbeliever comes in, it don't change you. If you know you're a son of God, amen, when an unbeliever comes in, it don't change you. Amen. You know in who you are because you've been positionally placed by the God of faith. Amen. The fact when Paul was writing to the Ephesians, Amen, he was addressing them as the faithful in Christ Jesus. Now, do you realize Ephesians is not a sermon? Amen. Paul was preaching here, amen, to the unsaved. Amen. He was preaching to the saved. He wasn't preaching to the unsaved. He was preaching to the saved. Amen. The called out. Amen. The separated, the set aside, and the faithful in the call. Amen. Do you realize the greatest blessing you'll be to this church is not your tithing account. It's not your bank account. It's not how many how MANY DOLLARS YOU PUT IN the missionary fund. Amen. The greatest blessing you'll be to this church is when you become faithful. Amen. In the role that God has called you, amen, to serve in it. Well, brother Andrew, I'm a janitor. Amen. Be the best janitor. Amen. There is in the message. Amen. Well, I'm just a I'm just a musician. Amen. Well, Brother Joe blow the dust out OF THAT ORGAN AND CRANK up the hallelujah. Amen. Well, I'm just a singer. Amen. We'll sing. Amen. Till the walls come down. Well, brother Andrew, I just get called on to pray. Amen. will pray until hell hears your voice. Amen. Pray until demons knees begin to knock. Come on. Are y'all hearing me this morning? I'm talking about coming to a place where you're faithful in your call. Amen. Now, that's where he addresses the believer's position in Christ. And the believer can only worship Christ as he is positionally placed in Christ. A believer cannot worship and has no right to worship. Amen. the Lord outside of being in the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, let me say this. We are not just set out in the body of Christ. Amen. But we are positionally placed in the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. Are you ready? Amen. Your position comes with some rights. Okay? Amen. And you've got a right, amen, to worship God this morning as a positionally placed bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. Listen, friends. Amen. That's why we're not backing up. WE'VE GOT A RIGHT TO PRAISE GOD. THAT'S WHY WE'RE NOT shutting up. We got a right to open up our voices. THAT'S WHY WE'RE NOT QUIETENING DOWN ON THIS MESSAGE. AMEN. By the position that God has placed us in has equipped US WITH THE RIGHT, AMEN, to be who we are. Let me say it like this. Nothing happens by chance. Amen. You Oh, help me church. Amen. Nothing happens by chance. You're not sitting where you're sitting this morning by chance. I think of what Paul says. all things. Amen. Work together. Amen. For the good to them that love God and to them who are called according to his purpose. You know what that word work together means? It means to be a partner in labor to bring to an expected end. Oh, glory to God. It means things have been working together. Amen. When you when it didn't make sense to you, things were working together. When it didn't look like anything good was going to come out of the trial, Amen. Things were working together when it didn't look like anything good was going to come to you. Amen. Things were working together because our God said all things, Amen. work together. Amen. To the good to them. Amen. Let me say this with everything within me, church. Amen. Nothing happened to you by chance. Amen. So quit thinking it happened to you by chance. Amen. The God who sits high is the God that looks low. HE'S THE GOD THAT KNOWS THE SECRETS. HE'S THE God that knows everything about you. And he has been strategically and and and oh glory. Amen. And anointed hands has been working over your life. Amen. To bring you to the place you're in this morning. Hallelujah. Now, when you realize that, Amen. The prophet said nothing happens by chance. Everything is ordained of God. Amen. No matter what happens, all things are going to work together for the good. You were all pre-planned by God. Amen. Somebody say pre-planned. Amen. You were all pre-planned by God. So nothing happens by chance with God. He knows all about it. Amen. Don't that make you want to Don't that make you want to give him some praise? Amen. He knows all about it. It's all pre-planned. Amen. Planned for many generations back. Amen. So you could be here today. Think about that. Amen. Your great great great great great great great great grandfather. Amen. Might have had a bullet. Amen. coming towards his head in a war somewhere. AMEN. BUT GOD WHO SITS high and looks low is the pre-planner of all things. And he was spared. Amen. Because there was a gene in him that had to be manifested. Amen. Seven generations later. Oh, come on, church. YOU MAY NOT THINK anybody cares about you. But I come to remind you, THERE IS A GOD WHO CARES about you. THERE IS A GOD, AMEN, WHO KNOWS EVERYTHING about you. THERE IS NOTHING AMEN TAKING GOD by surprise. Hey, all things, somebody shout, all things has been pre-planned by God. Amen. Then let me say it like this. Bethlehem, which was a city of Judah, Amen, was a prepared place by God. Amen. Thou Bethlehem, Amen, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah. Amen. Yet out of thee, somebody say out of thee, Amen, shall come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel, the prophet said, of all the places, amen, that is in Palestine, and in there is so many great cities and its localities, and its cities are seemingly much more known in the lore of history, they're better fortified, bigger cities. Amen. Why should God choose, Amen, little Bethlehem, Amen, to be the birthplace of his son? Amen. Can I Amen. Can I bring this to God's Bethlehem today? Amen. Why should God choose? Amen. Word of life tabernacle in Hardy, Arkansas. Amen. To be the birthplace of the word made flesh in this hour. Amen. The scripture said what God determines to do, it will be done. Amen. God for ordained it to be that way or it never would have been that way. Amen. Things didn't happen the way they happened. Amen. By chance. Amen. But God has ordained things to happen. Amen. The way they happen or it never would have happened. Oh, church of the living God. He knowed everything. Amen. And it just didn't happen that way. It was God that made it that way. Now, here's the problem. Amen. We in our finite minds, Amen. begin to think it over. There's where the trouble comes. Is when we let Amen. our finite minds, Amen, become our compass. When we let our finite minds become our s our north star. When we let our finite minds become the way we look at things, amen, we begin to say, why would the great king of heaven, Amen, choose a little place like that instead of capital? Amen. Notice this. Even there was many places who had greater spiritual background. Can we say that together? Had greater spiritual background than what Bethlehem did. Now, now don't leave me hanging here, okay? Amen. Amen. Am I the only one, Amen, that's ever sat down and said, "God, why did you choose me?" Is Is there any other humans here, a Amen. And am I the only one, Amen, that stood in the presence of God where the anointing of God is flowing in the church? And I've left there and I'VE SAID, "GOD, WHY would you choose a piece of Tennessee dirt like me, amen, to stand in the presence of the resurrected Lord? Why would you choose me? Amen. To hear such things, Amen. as the seven seals. Amen. Why would you choose me? Amen. To see such THINGS AS THE MIGHTY GOD REVEALED. WHY WOULD YOU CHOOSE ME? AMEN. To be sitting, Amen. shouldertosh shoulder, amen, with men of God. Amen. And with children of God THAT HAVE BEEN CALLED OF GOD, ORDAINED OF GOD, elected of God, Amen. Why would you choose me? Amen. But then he reminds me, I didn't choose you. Amen. based on your spiritual background. I chose, Amen, based on a gene seed that I placed on the inside of you from before the foundation of the world. Amen. Somebody shout it with me. GOD CHOSE ME. HEY, GOD CHOSE ME. AMEN. Man didn't choose me, but God did. Amen. Man would have left me out of the picture. Amen. But God said, "You're in the picture." Amen. Man would have put me somewhere and said, "He's a wasted time. He's a wasted space. He's a useless piece of humanity. AMEN. BUT GOD, WHO IS RICH IN MERCY, AMEN. SAW SOMETHING IN ME THAT HE SAW IN BETHLEHEM AND HE CHOSE BETHLEHEM the same way he chose me and he chose you. Thank you, Lord. Oh, somebody give him a hand clap of praise. [Applause] Man didn't choose us, but God did. Man would have left us out, but God put us in. Amen. And now when you begin to look at what was surrounding Bethlehem, Amen. Bethlehem had a lot of reasons, amen, to say what she's saying. Why did you choose me? Do you realize, brother David, there was a place called Jerusalem, which was the proud capital, Amen, of them all. There was a place called Shiloh, which was an ancient worship place of Israel, where they all came year by year to this great place where the ark of the Lord rested. Amen. THERE WAS A PLACE CALLED GILGAL. AMEN. AND IT was another great spiritual place of worship. THERE WAS A PLACE CALLED ZION which was on the mountaintop. It had been a great historical mark of where the Lord had blessed his people in the ages. Amen. There was a place called Hebron for a man who was wanting a city of refuge. It was a place of safety. Amen. There was a place called Ramoth Gilead. It was another place of refuge where the people could come which would have been very appropriate for him to be born. Amen. Amen. Brother Ram said, "If I would have had if I would have been thinking of it, I would have thought to bring him out of Kadesh Barnea." Amen. For it was God's judgment seat and a place of refuge. Amen. But what that shows us here, Amen, is out of all those significant cities. Amen. God chose the insignificant. Amen. The Bible says, Amen. You have omitted the weightier matters of the law. Amen. And judgment and mercy and faith that you ought to have done and not to leave the other undone. So, in other words, people overlook the small things. As long as it's not noticed, as long as it's a little city, amen, they won't talk about it. Come on, church. Amen. But when God does something in it, Amen. Everybody starts talking about it. Do you realize Jeffersonville, Indiana was another place on the map. Amen. Until God raised up a prophet out of there. Amen. And now Jeffersonville is talked about in the villages of India. Amen. In the huts of India, in the villages of Africa. Amen. in the communist countries of Russia. Amen. All over the world. Jeffersonville has BEEN TALKED ABOUT. AMEN. NOT BECAUSE of what she was. Amen. But because of what COME OUT OF IT. OH, GLORY to God. Come on, church. Amen. I'm preaching to you now. Amen. They didn't see nothing in Jeffersonville. Amen. But God said, Amen. Out of thee will come a prophet. And that same God, Can I preach to you for a second? Amen. Amen. Amen. Sabino Canyon was another tourist attraction. Amen. But you know why hundreds and thousands of people flock there? It ain't because of the cactus. IT AIN'T BECAUSE of something on the mountain. IT'S BECAUSE OF WHAT GOD AMEN. RAISED UP. In other words, what I'm saying, as long as it's ex insignificant, nobody talks about it. But when something's done that brings some significance to it, then everybody BEGINS TO TALK ABOUT IT. AND I'LL SAY THIS. AMEN. this church. Amen. These families, amen, you individuals. Amen. We was all a bunch of overlooked. Amen. Insignificant nobodies. ON THE BACK SIDE OF THE MISSOURI, on the back side OF HOT SPRINGS, ARKANSAS, ON THE BACK SIDE OF TENNESSEE. AMEN. ON THE BACK SIDE OF LOUISIANA. AMEN. But God said the world don't see nothing good in them. Amen. But when I get done with them, they'll be more than boys and girls. They'll be more than fathers. They will be Messiah. Thank you, Lord. HALLELUJAH. OH, GLORY TO GOD. WHEN GOD gets done, it ain't no telling. Oh, they'll come from the east and they'll come from the west. Amen. To behold what the Lord has done. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, the prophet said sometimes, are you ready for this? It's the little things that hold the big things together. Woo! Glory. And when we get faith like that, we begin to think, who is behind all this? Amen. What is the main spring that is turning this great economy of God? We find it's the Holy Spirit. Amen. It's not left in the hands of man to do things, but it's in the hands of the Holy Spirit, and he is the main spring. And if he can get the rest of the instruments, it'll work just perfectly and keep exactly God's time. Are you ready? And then we see that and we wonder in our mind then if we look at great things, how that we would have them. And then it gives us a lot of consolation today to think that maybe if we are a little group of people, maybe if we are insignificant to the world and to the bigger churches of denominations, yet God chose little things sometimes. Oh, God's program is not run by the hands of man, nor the finite mind of man. Amen. But God's program is run by the hands of the Holy Spirit and the infinite mind of the almighty God. Now, how many knows there's a finite mind and there's an infinite mind. Amen. Have you ever wondered what the difference is? Amen. Between a finite mind and an infinite mind. Can I tell you? Amen. A finite mind, amen, has limits and bounds. It can only think so far. It can only see so far. Amen. But an infinite mind, amen, is limitless. It is endless in space. It is extent or size. It is impossible. Amen. To measure or calculate, Amen. We can measure a finite mind. We can calculate the thoughts of a finite mind. Amen. But it is impossible. Amen. To calculate, Amen. the thoughts OF THE MIND OF ALMIGHTY GOD. COME ON, CHURCH. AMEN. What did God tell Abraham? He said, Abraham, go number the grains of sand. And as the grains of sand are, Amen. So shall thy seed be. What did he tell Paul in Hebrews 12? He said, "We have come to Mount Zion where there is an innumerable amount of angels." Are you hearing me, church? Amen. When God gets done, you can't calculate. You can't PUT IN A BOX WHAT GOD OH, church of the living God. We can't calculate all the demons that have been defeated here this weekend. We can't calculate all the spirits, Amen. that have felt powerless before the church of the living God. But there's one thing I can say. Amen. God was in Bethlehem this weekend. Amen. God was in the church this weekend. And what God blesses, Amen. No man can curse. And what God anoints, ain't, no man can disanoint. Amen. What God sees fit, no man can call unfit. When God says, "Out of Bethlehem, there is coming a ruler. Stand back, devil. There is coming a ruler." When God says, "Out of Bethlehem, I'm going to raise up the greatest. Stand back, devil. Out of Bethlehem is coming the greatest." Thank you, Lord. Oh, there is nothing. Somebody shout nothing impossible with the infinite mind of God. Amen. For with the mind of man this is impossible. Amen. But with God all things, amen, are possible. You know what that word impossible means? Without strength. But you know what that word possible means? It means able, powerful, mighty, strong. Amen. Strong in soul. Amen. How many How many strong souls have we got here this morning? Amen. They're strong to bear calamities. They're strong to bear trials with fortitude and patience. They are able to do something. They are excaling in something. Prophet said, "Our little infinite mind sometimes can't comprehend what you are, but we believe you anyhow." Amen. Now, do you realize why? Amen. These things are so hard to comprehend by the finite mind is because Paul says they are spiritually discerned. Amen. The door, Amen, is spiritual sight. You just only want to see one thing. That's what the intellectual sees. But when you let Christ, amen, come into that spiritual door, then he will open up your spiritual sides and will show you himself. Amen. In other words, the infinite mind, Amen, will discern the thoughts and will show you what the finite mind cannot see. Amen. The finite mind, Amen, cannot see Lucifer's heart. Could not see the destruction. Could not see the desires. Could not see Satan's ambition that was buried in Lucifer's heart. Amen. But the infinite mind of God, amen, could stand there and could say, "In your heart, you have said, I will be like the most high God." In your heart, you have said, "I will exalt my stars above the stars of God. I will exalt my throne above the throne of God." And the prophet said, "See that who's on our side today is the infinite God." Come on, church. It's Sunday morning. Quit looking at me and sleeping. Help me preach. Amen. Who is on OUR SIDE? AMEN. I'LL tell you who's on our side. Amen. The God that knows the end from the beginning. Amen. And everything in between. Amen. The God who can look at the enemy and can tell you what the enemy is going to do before the enemy has time. Amen. To concoct his plan together. Oh church, I'll tell you what a prophet said. He said, "What are we scared about?" Amen. If he is known, if he's the living God, Amen. He knows all things. You don't have a limited God. Amen. God is unlimited. He said way back before the foundation of the world when Satan done the evil. Amen. Because Satan had in his mind he was going to do. AMEN. BUT GOD SEEN IT AND HE KNEW HOW to counteract it. Amen. Before Lucifer ever fell, God already had a plan to overcome Lucifer. Oh church, Amen. before the trial ever come upon you. Amen. The infinite God, Amen, saw you coming OUT OF IT. SHAMGAR BEFORE 600 Philistines ever even showed up. The infinite God, amen, saw him laying on the ground in defeat. Oh, brother Harvey. Amen. Before you was ever even born, the infinite God, Amen, saw you sitting at the marriage supper of the lamb with your family. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm preaching to you now. Amen. YOUR YOUR YOUR FINITE MIND. It can't see these things. But we have the mind of Christ. We can see beyond the limits. We can see beyond the boundaries. We can see beyond time. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Now, now, now what you got to do is you got to realize finite way of thinking grounds a church. Come on, preach. I said finite way of thinking grounds a church. You let a preacher get a vision and you let a finite weight think faking get in the way and that church won't go nowhere. Well, let's preach a minute here. We might as well. [Music] You let a pastor get a vision for a church and you let somebody get in a position that's got an infinite mind, that's got a finite mind, they'll ground the vision. Well, let's preach a minute here. Amen. People say, "Amen." Brother shared with me one time said, "Oh, God, I'm getting in trouble." said, 'Well, said, 'I got on my heart to do this, and I got on my heart to do that. He said, 'Gy come to me and said, 'Well, we ain't going to do that cuz we can't afford it.' He said, 'Well, look here. You're talking to a guy who's seen God put money in bank accounts, who's seen God put gas in tanks. He said, I'm not going to let the finite way, Amen, of thinking we can't afford to do something for God, Amen, grounded. Amen. I'll tell you this, church. Amen. If God is on your side, Amen, the money will come. Amen. If God is on your side, amen, the people will No, I'm not preaching prosperity. I'm telling you, get rid of that finite way of thinking that's been grounding you for so long. That finite way of thinking won't let you raise your hands because you're afraid, amen, something's going to get out of order. That finite way of thinking gets all grounded when the spirit begins to move because you sat in a church SOMEWHERE AND YOU SAW SOMETHING HAPPEN THAT was out of the line of God's word. Amen. BUT GET RID OF THAT FINITE way of thinking. Amen. and pray that God, amen, would come in your mind this morning and would put an infinite mind in there THAT WOULD SAY, "GOD, I'M going to trust you." Amen. Brother Paul, you shared that testimony with me last night. Amen. That man come to you in the face of every obstacle, in the face of every negativity, AND SAID, "BUT CHIEF, you're going to give me a job." Amen. If he had a finite mind, he would have never claimed it. Amen. But there was an infinite mind resting THERE THAT SAID, "MY GOD IS ABLE." OH CHURCH OF THE LIVING GOD, WORD OF LIFE TABERNACLE, GOD IS ON YOUR SIDE. AMEN. THE INFINITE GOD IS ON YOUR SIDE. He is behind you. He is your support. David said, "When I need help, where will I look? I will look unto the heels from which cometh my help." Come on, church. Quit looking around at all these temporary things that's ground in your faith and look UNTO THE SAME HEELS THAT David looked to and witness the SAME GOD THAT SAID I WILL COME TO THEE and I will bless thee. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Prophet said we become so earthbound with our finite way of thinking. Amen. To his great infinite mind that we just get one little course set up and we feel like we're just going fine. But if we could only look and see. Amen. As God sees, how much different things would look. If we can only look and see, Amen. as God thinks, how much different, Amen. things would look. Are y'all hearing me? If we can only look and see how God looks, how much different things would look. If we can only look through the eyes of a prophetic lens and see what a prophet saw, how different we would TALK ABOUT POLITICS. HOW DIFFERENT OH, come on, church. How different we would talk about the world's problems if we could only climb up. Amen. Above this finite way of fa you know what a finite way of thinking says. A finite way of thinking says the world's running out of gas right now. So I better stay home. It' be safer for me to be home. Amen. They got a gas shortage right now. So you know what I better do? I better just stay home. Amen. But that finite way of thinking, Amen. would ground. Amen. It would Oh, come on, church. I'm using a simple illustration here. Amen. You know what it would have done? Amen. It would have kept me home. It would have kept us out of these meetings. We wouldn't be together. Amen. But you know what? Amen. I left here last night, needed some gas. And I went down here to Valero and they didn't have none. And you know what that old devil said? Amen. You ain't going to make it home. Amen. They're in a gas sorted. See, you shouldn't have come on this trip. Amen. But I just know this. If my God can turn water into wine, Amen. My God can turn water into gasoline. And I FOUND SOME G. WHAT ARE YOU SAYING, PREACHER? I'M SAYING QUIT LETTING THAT OLD DEVILISH WAY OF FINITE THINKING, AMEN, ground you, amen, from seeing miracles, from seeing signs. And well, brother Andy, WE'RE JUST A SMALL CHURCH. I DIDN'T ASK YOU HOW MANY MEMBERS YOU GOT. I didn't ask you how much money is in THE BANK ACCOUNT. I COME TO TELL YOU, IF YOU BELIEVE GOD, YOU'LL SEE THE IMPOSSIBLE. AMEN. BECOME POSSIBLE. Come on, church. Well, Brother Andrew, let's talk ABOUT ANOTHER CHURCH. NO, LET'S TALK ABOUT THIS CHURCH. AMEN. WELL, LET'S TALK ABOUT WHAT GOD'S DOING SOMEWHERE ELSE. NO, LET'S TALK ABOUT WHAT GOD is doing right here in Bethlehem TODAY. IF HE DID IT A THOUSAND YEARS AGO, HE'S STILL DOING IT TODAY. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. He's just looking for somebody who will dare to trust him. HE'S JUST LOOKING FOR SOMEBODY WHO WILL TAKE A STEP OF FAITH and say, "I look crazy to the world. I LOOK RADICAL TO HUMANITY, BUT I KNOW GOD DROPPED IN MY HEART, AMEN, to stand where I'm standing." AMEN. TO BELIEVE WHAT I'M BELIEVING. AMEN. TO WORSHIP LIKE I'M WORSHIPING. AND THERE ain't no DEVIL GOING TO BACK ME OFF OF IT. I KNOW IN WHOM IS ON MY SIDE. THANK YOU, LORD. HALLELUJAH. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. God is on OUR SIDE. GOD is on our side. The devil may be against us and the odds may be stacked against us. AMEN. BUT IF GOD IS ON OUR SIDE, THIS HILL, THIS mountain ain't no hill to a climber. Have we got any climbers here? HAVE WE GOT ANY CLIMBERS HERE? Anybody want to go higher? Anybody want to go higher? Well, brother Andrew, I can't go no higher. Oh, yes you can. You've left that finite way of thinking. Amen. Keep you on the first rung. Amen. OF JACOB'S LADDER. BUT IT'S TIME TO GET UP. IT'S TIME TO START CLIMBING. IT'S TIME TO start climbing in Revelation. It's time to leave the past behind. Come on, Bethlehem. Everything was against you. Amen. But God was for you in the face of every spirit THAT SAID THAT CHURCH IS INSIGNIFICANT. THAT PULLPIT IS INSIGNIFICANT. THEM PREACHERS are insignificant. God said, "Out of thee will come a bride." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Now, thank you, Lord. The human mind is not capable to interpret the mind of God. Yeah. Come on. Are you with me? The human mind is not capable of interpreting the the mind of God. It's like a canary brain talking to a human brain. There's no connection. Come on. Preach. Come on. It's like an unbeliever trying to tell a believer how to believe. Come on. Come on. Are are you Are you hearing me? The canary brain, the mind of God, the mind of the infinite mind of God and the infinite mind of man. The infinite mind of man trying to tell the the finite the inf the finite mind of the man trying to tell the infinite mind of God how to run the church is like an unbeliever trying to tell a believer how to get healed. Are are y'all hearing me? Amen. A amen. Infinite the infinite mind of God and the the finite mind of a man. Amen. The finite mind of a man. Amen. Trying to tell Amen. The the infinite mind of God something is like a preacher that ain't ever preached one sermon trying to tell a veteran how to preach. Might as well preach here a minute, haven't we? Are y'all hearing me? Amen. Amen. Amen. They're They're not in the same category. Are Are y'all hearing me, church? Amen. And I'll say it like this. This church is not in THE SAME CATEGORY AS THE church down the street. This ain't no Baptist lodge. This ain't no Methodist lodge. This ain't no Pentecostal barnyard. This is where eagles have gathered to believe for the impossible. To believe all things are still possible to them that believe. Thank you, Jesus. What are you saying? I'm saying, "Fear not, little flock. It is your father's goodwill." Amen. To give you the kingdom. Now, now you say, "Well, brother Andrew, we're in the minority." Amen. Do you realize Israel was in the minority? Are y'all hearing me? Israel was in the minority. You know how Israel came into Palestine? They came in by a promise of God. Now, if you study, you'll find, Amen, that Joshua divided each tribe their portion, Amen, by inspiration. He gave each portion a each tribe a portion by inspiration. In other words, he positionally placed them, by inspiration. The prophet said the same inspiration, come on, that led Joshua to place those tribes which the mothers in their birth pains, amen, screamed out their names. He said that's the same inspiration that wrote the Bible. Now, now think about this. Amen. When Judah was getting his part of the land, this little city of Bethlehem was not even mentioned. Even though those mothers in their labor pains had positionally placed them where they'd been the promised land, amen, hundreds of years later. Now, when you look in, and I'm just going to paraphrase here, when you look in 1 Chronicles 2, you're going to find, amen, that Caleb's son Salma, Amen, was the father or the founder of Bethlehem. Now, the prophet said, in other words, he must have moved in there and started some sort of business and commercial. Amen. Uh the trading and so forth that grew it up. And later we find out the real reason of it. Now, are you ready? Amen. The real reason that they left Bethlehem out of the picture. He said the real reason of it was the whole lands was jealous of that little piece of land. Are y'all hearing me? Amen. Jerusalem, Gilgal, Hebron, Zion, Amen. Rama, Gileian, all those places were jealous, amen, of the little Bethlehem. Amen. You know why? Because it laced to the north and east and slopes a little to the south on that spur. And it was the most fertile, amen, of all Palestine. It was a corn belt and a wheat belt. And there were great olive orchards and so forth in that part of Bethlehem. The end of Judah's province. Now, here's why they got jealous. Because they was over there, Amen. putting stuff in the ground to make it work. And Bethlehem looked insignificant. Bethlehem. Amen. Amen. Amen. It was just in Bethlehem's jeans. Amen. To manifest olive orchards. Oh God. It was just in Bethlehem's genes. Amen. To be a fertile place of ground. Amen. They were trying to make something happen. Amen. And Bethlehem had SOMETHING ON THE INSIDE of her. Amen. Working on the outside. AMEN. MANIFESTING. AMEN. THE PROMISES of her life. Oh, church of the living God. Amen. Don't you see why the devil hates you? Amen. Because he's trying to manufacture something. He's trying to make something happen. He's trying to make something work. Amen. But right here this morning. Can I let you in on a little secret? Can I let you in on a little secret, brother? You know why they was jealous of Bethlehem? Because the spirit of prophecy, Amen, had spoke over her. And there was nothing could change it. There was nothing could reverse it. There was nothing that could back up prophecy. Amen. AND WHILE THEY WERE TRYING TO make something happen, Bethlehem was laying under the presence OF A PROPHECY THAT OUT OF thee is going to come greatness. [Music] Are y'all hearing me this morning? Amen. I'm going to preach to every family in here. Amen. There's a spirit of prophecy, amen, HANGING OVER YOUR FAMILY. THERE'S A SPIRIT OF PROPHECY, AMEN, HANGING over this church. There is a spirit of prophecy, AMEN, THAT SAYS OUT OF THEE IS GOING TO COME AN OVERCOMER. out of thee that's going to come a victorious child. Thank you, Jesus. Now, now let me just say this. Amen. The spirit of jealousy is a terrible spirit. Amen. It's actually what got Amen. Joseph sold. Amen. Was that evil? Amen. Re said nothing pure about it. He said it's evil green jealousy. Amen. I'll tell you this. A jealous spirit will ground the church quicker than anything else. A jealous spirit, amen, will ground a ministry. Amen. Quicker than anything else. Well, can I preach a minute? Amen. A Amen. People get jealous. Amen. They think you're doing something. A Amen. I I've had people, Brother Ben. Amen. A Amen. They Well, can I just preach to you for a second from my heart. Amen. Amen. I had a guy come to me one time. He said, "Brother Andrew," he said, "I didn't get much out of that out of your preaching." I said, "Well, well, why, brother?" I said, "I'm sorry." Amen. Hey, I know everybody don't like me, and that's fine. Amen. Everybody got like me. Amen. But it's kind of bold. Amen. Just come say I didn't get nothing out of it. He said, "The reason I didn't get nothing out of it." He says, "I preach the same things and nobody shouts and says, "Amen." I said, "Brother, you got the same tapes I've got. YOU GOT THE SAME COME ON, CHURCH. There ain't no preacher in this message." Amen. Carrying any more than the next guy. We've got the same KING JAMES BIBLE. WE'VE got the same seal book. WE GOT THE SAME IT GOT QUIET THERE, BUT I'M GOING TO PREACH through it. Okay? We got the same 1100 tapes. LISTEN, FRIENDS, WE OUGHT TO SQUASH that old demon of jealousy. You know what? A spirit will get on a person. Well, they didn't clap near as long for me when I sung as they did for brother so and so when he sung. You ought to cross. YOU OUGHT TO SQUASH THAT THING. AMEN. Before it grounds this church. Y'all know me well enough out here know I got the guts to say it. Amen. You ought to squash that thing. I tell you what. Amen. Only so and so shows up and Amen. LET GO OF THAT DEVIL JEALOUSY. AMEN. And realize this ain't about who's who and who's what and what's done what. This is about one THING THAT IF IT HADN'T BEEN FOR THE GOD ON OUR SIDE, THERE WOULDN'T BE A ONE OF US PREACHING. THERE WOULDN'T BE A ONE OF US SINGING. THERE WOULDN'T BE A ONE OF US PLAYING THESE INSTRUMENTS. And I tell you one thing. Amen. Brother Joe, only reason he plays the organ. AMEN. NO. AMEN. THAT MAN'S HERE BECAUSE GOD WAS ON HIS SIDE. AMEN. WELL, I TELL YOU WHAT. AMEN. If they'd put me up there on that bass, I could outplay. AMEN. THE REASON WHY Allison's sitting THERE IS CUZ GOD was on her side. I tell you one thing. Amen. If they'd let me preach every now and again, I'd straighten them out. Amen. But the reason why there's a preacher here is because God was on your Come on, church. Squash that old devil of jealousy. And quit worrying ABOUT WHO DOES THE JOB AS LONG AS THE JOB GETS DONE. We ain't preaching for people to pat us on the back and to give us a rose. I'm preaching FOR ONE THING, THAT GOD WOULD GET THE GLORY AND THE devil would get the defeat. Thank you, Lord. jealousy. It'll destroy a church. It'll destroy a home. It'll destroy a life. Now, now y'all just got to bear with me for a second. Amen. Cuz I'm on a trail right now. That demon of jealousy will ground your young people. Come on. Well, I tell you what, if Amen. My young people ain't going over here. Amen. That demon of jealousy will ground Amen. And it'll bring a church from victory into utter ruins. Come on, preach. Come on. Now, here's my thing. Come on. Who m What's it matter who preaches? What's it matter who gets called to sing a song special? Come on. What's it matter who plays the drums or the piano, the organ? WHAT'S IT MATTER who runs the screen? Come on. As long as the job gets done. You know what? When the boy CARRYING THE BALL CROSSES THE TOUCHDOWN LINE, AMEN. THE whole team don't go sit on the corner and scream and cry and ball like a BUNCH OF BABIES. THEY ALL GOT TO VICTORY. HALLELUJAH. He They AMEN. THERE MIGHT THERE WAS ONLY ONE CARRYING the ball, but they all got the same victory. Oh, Church of the Living God. Amen. Well, brother Andrew, I ain't carrying the ball, but we're on the same team. And if Brother Harvey GETS THE VICTORY, I GET THE VICTORY. IF BROTHER DANNY GETS A VICTORY, I GET THE VICTORY. IF BROTHER BEN GETS A VICTORY, I get the victory. If Brother Josh gets a victory, AMEN. I GET THE VICTORY. WE'RE NOT ON A BUNCH of divided teams. We're on one TEAM WITH ONE COMMON GOAL. THAT IS to defeat the devil. Amen. And preach the message of the hour. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Amen. Now, I just want to I just want to stop here and say something here for a second. Amen. Because you may think I'm making too much out of Bethlehem. Come on. But I can't make enough out of it. Are y'all hearing me? Amen. When I was when I was studying this thought on Bethlehem back home. Amen. There was a brother in our church. He's a deacon. He come by the house. We was talking while we was talking. He said, "But Andrew," he said, "A few years ago," he said, "we went to Israel." And he said, "We went down there and toured." And he said, "While we were touring," he said the tour guide took us by Bethlehem. He said, "I don't know if this will help you or not in your studies." I was actually in my office studying for for the Sunday morning meeting the next morning. And he come by, we was talking and I actually got to a spot in my study. I you preachers know what I'm talking about brother. Y'all know that when you get to that spot, it feels like you're trying to break over Josh, you got you got your thoughts lined up, but you can't just break over that little point, you know. And I was there and I was just praying and reading a little bit. Well, brother, come by and I got I went outside and I was talking to him in the driveway. Be woo glory. Can anything good come out of Nazareth? Philip say, "Come and see." Amen. And you know what I want to say for just a few moments here now? Can anything good come out of Bethlehem. A city of losers with no support, with no backing, with no recognition, with nothing. Amen. But but but prophecy. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. THANK YOU, JESUS. BETHLEHEM ONLY HAD PROPHECY, BUT SHE HAD ALL SHE NEEDED. HALLELUJAH. WOO. The only ONE ON HER SIDE WAS GOD. BUT SHE HAD ALL SHE NEEDED. Come on, church. Amen. I'm talking about A GOD THAT IF YOU'LL carry If you'll carry out his WILL FOR YOUR LIFE, HE'LL PUT YOU IN PLACES you thought you'd never stand. HE'LL SET YOU IN PLACES YOU THOUGHT YOU'D NEVER SAID. THERE'S A PROPHECY HANGING over your life. Thank you, Lord. Now, now, Brother David, can anything good come out of Bethlehem? All they got is a bunch of fertile lands with some olive orchards. Come on. And all the all the great cities with spiritual backgrounds call some losers. Come on, preach. But can I tell you who come out of there? Can I start with the first one? Her name's Rahab. Hallelujah. Now, let me just stop and say they didn't come to the conclusion that Bethlehem was a city full of losers without there being some material there to back up that confession. Brother Ben, there was legitimate material to back up Rahab being a loser. How much time have I got this morning? all day. I'm hurrying. Come on. She was a harlot. Come on. She was a beautiful young lady. By some misfortune of life, she was forced into the life she was living. Come on. BUT SHE HEARD THERE WAS A God who you could pray to and he would answer back. Brother Joe, she heard THERE WAS A GOD. IF YOU GOT A QUESTION, he's got the answer. Thank you, Lord. SHE HEARD THERE WAS A GOD WHO WAS A LIVING GOD. SHE HEARD he could perform miracles and could dry up the seas and could rain bread out of heaven. AND SOMETHING BEGAN TO PULSATE in her heart. Jerusalem, Zion, Hebron, Ramoff, Gilead, Gilgal, Amen, Kanes, Barnea, ALL SAID THEY WERE LOSERS. BUT THERE was a pulsation in the heart of a harlot. And she received the message. Amen. Then she went quickly and she accepted it with all of her heart and there was a scarlet cord bound at her window for protection of her house because she received the message. Are you ready for this? And Rahab was the type of the gentile bride who quickly received the message. It was placed in her heart. Amen. Notice this. And when THE WALLS COME DOWN, nothing touched Rahab. She was under the protection of prophecy. THANK YOU, LORD. OH, GOD. She was under the protection of a scarlet cord, brother Tom. That was typing the blood that would come IN THE LAST DAYS. That would be the protection of a true God. Amen. To a true believer. No matter what state you're in, when he finds you, if you'll just accept that scarlet cord, nothing will hurt you. Thank you, LORD. OH GOD. HEY RAHAB. AMEN. You're a loser. Amen. But you're a protected loser. Woo. Glory. YOU'RE AMEN. YOU'RE A HARLOT. AMEN. AND OH, come on, church. Amen. King's palaces were going TO FALL. AMEN. MIGHTY MEN'S HOMES were going to fall. AMEN. BUT GOD LOOKED UP ON THE HEART OF A HARLOT IN THE CITY OF BETHLEHEM AND SAID, "WHEN everybody else's house falls," Amen. Rahab will go from being the loser, Amen, TO BEING THE WINNER. OH, HELP ME PREACH SOMEBODY. AMEN. When God gets done with you, Amen. The losers will be the winners and the winners will be the losers. Hallelujah. Feeling mighty fine right now. Well, brother Andrew, all God done was bless Rahab. Amen. And kept her safe. No, that's not all that happened. Amen. She was taken in as one of the Israelites. And she fell in love with a captain in the Israelite army and a prince in Judah whose name was Salmon. Are y'all hearing me? She went from walking the streets, from being a harlot, from being a prostitute to being recognized by the Israelite priest. She went from living IN A HOUSE OF PROSTITUTION, AMEN, TO living in the HOUSE OF A PRINCE. HALLELUJAH. OH, I wish somebody take the brakes off and have church here for a minute. THEY GOT married and they lived in Bethlehem. Are y'all hearing me? And the promise didn't begin to open up Bethlehem while she lived there. Gentile bride being to a Jew through her conversion and through her unfailing faith in God. It brought her, somebody shout, it brought her from an from a house of prostitution to a beautiful home. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. In Bethlehem. OH, THAT'S THE WAY IT DOES ALL OF US. FROM A HOUSE OF UNBELIEF AND A HOUSE OF FRUSTRATIONS AND IMMORAL ACTS AND EVERYTHING ELSE to a place to a position in Christ, which is most beautiful. It moved us from the ridiculous to the sublime. Amen. From the lowest. Oh, glory. Amen. It took you from the lowest of the lowest. Amen. TO THE PRINCIPAL AND THE BEST PLACES in the land. Amen. Before Rahab lived in the lowest of the lowest of the lowest. Amen. You had to look very low to even find Rahab. And then you had to look lower. Amen. But when God got done with Rahab, she went from the lowest of the lowest to the highest of the highest. Hallelujah. What are you saying, preacher? I'm preaching to some modern-day believers that was born in sin, shape, and iniquity. Come in the world speaking lies. We was on our way to hell. We was in the lowest of the lowest. But here we are this morning sitting at the banqueting table of the almighty God with a seven course feast, with the word open, with faith in our hearts, with grace over our lives, with the token over our home, with a scarlet cord. Come on, Rahab. It's time to rejoice. Amen. YOU AIN'T IN THE PROSTITUTE HOUSE NO MORE. YOU AIN'T IN the house of unbelief no more. You're in the house with the prince himself. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. What are you saying, preacher? Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I'm saying when God gets done with something, it'll go from the ridiculous Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. To the sublime. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. I preached that bottle of oil out of this pullpit 100 times this weekend. Come on. Hold that. Thank you, Lord. What does from the ridiculous to the sublime mean? Preach. It means from something silly, foolish. Yeah. Or absurd. Come on. To something exceptional or beautiful. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] Do you realize what it's less common to do? It's less common to go from the sublime to the ridiculous. An example was I was pleasantly surprised by the ending to that play. Come on. It really took things from the ridiculous to the sublime. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Now, this is going to be a real simple drama, okay? John's got a horse. John's got a gun. John's going to go ride. Something happens in the beginning that causes you to think John's going to get robbed. John's going to get shot. Horse is going to get killed. And the robber is going to get away. Right now he's in the sublime, but you're thinking by the end something's going to happen make it look ridiculous. But that's your finite mind. You didn't write the play. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. You didn't write the setting. You didn't write the middle part. You didn't write the end. YOU DIDN'T KNOW THE CHARACTERS. YOU DIDN'T KNOW THE PLOT. YOU DIDN'T KNOW THE moral to the story. ALL YOU SAW WAS WHAT YOUR FINITE MIND WOULD LET you see. Amen. But a director, hallelujah. A director could look OVER THE ENTIRE SKIT AND SAY, "JOHN'S got a gun and John's GOT A HORSE AND THERE'S A ROBBER HALFWAY THROUGH, but by the end of the story, Amen, the robber's going to be dead and John's going to have everything back the robber took from him." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. HE'S GOING TO HAVE BACK EVERYTHING THAT WAS TAKEN FROM. YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENED? AMEN. SOMEBODY WITH AN INFINITE MIND. AMEN. Saw the end from the beginning and said, "This is how it's going to end." Amen. Can I close these meetings out by saying this? Your end is not going to be any different than the way God saw it. Come on, Rahab. Come on, Boaz. Come on, Ruth. Come on, Shamon. Come on, Oed. I ain't got time to preach all those all those Bethlehem dwellers. AMEN. COME ON. They everyone had a beginning THAT DIDN'T LOOK LIKE THE END THEY WAS GOING TO HAVE. BUT GOD was working A MIGHTY MYSTERY SIGN. AMEN. Oh God, can I make the connections here? Amen. If I mess up, you forgive me, okay? But it started with Ruth or with Rahab and it went to Simmon, right? Went from there. Amen. Into Boaz. Amen. Into Ruth, into Oed. into Jesse into David. Are y'all hearing me? Amen. Bam said working up to one great head which what was that head? Amen. David. But the head was the greater son which was Jesus Christ. Are y'all hearing me? How did the building start with a Harvey? How did the lineage start? It started with a harlot. What does THAT TELL ME? THAT TELLS ME IT DON'T MATTER WHERE you begin, where you end up. That there, I feel liberty coming over the mind of somebody right now. I feel liberty coming over the heart of somebody. Your mistakes has been stacked up against you. Your failures HAS BEEN STACKED UP AGAINST YOU. Your mama said you wouldn't succeed. And your daddy said you'd be a failure. And your brothers and sisters went on to be successful. And you don't look like you did much in life. Amen. But let me tell you something, Bethlehem. When God gets done with you, he'll raise up the savior of the world. When God gets done with you, he'll raise up a healer. He'll raise up a kinsman redeemer. He'll raise up Jehovah. Oh, come on, church. What are YOU SAYING, PREACHER? I'M SAYING don't underestimate the power of the living God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Are y'all hearing me? look like a bunch of losers. But when God got done, there was a bunch of winners. [Music] Look like a bunch of nobodies. Amen. But when God got done, Amen. You know what he done? He took some weak instruments and played some mighty strong songs. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Brother David, I'm feeling a little dangerous right now. Amen. When God got done with those instruments, they was out of tune. They was all warped. The strings were broken. They were so THEY THEY COULDN'T EVEN play nothing. Amen. BUT WHEN GOD GOT DONE with them, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT, DON'T YOU? I'M TALKING ABOUT THAT violin that was out there on the auction block. Remember? Amen. The father of God said, "Somebody come by and looked at it and they said, "It's worthless. Has no value. It means nothing to nobody. We might as well throw it away." Amen. But then a musician come by. Oh. Oh, God. THEN A MUSICIAN COME BY. AND what did a musician do? Amen. You know why they said it had no value, BROTHER HARVEY? BECAUSE OF WHOSE hands it was in. Because of whose hands? Hallelujah. [Applause] Because of whose hands was holding it. They said it had no value. You know what? A musician se Amen. A NON-M MUSICIAN SEES NO VALUE IN an instrument. Amen. A non-m musician, Amen, sees no glory. They see no future. THEY HEAR NO SOUND. AMEN. BUT a musician knows, a musician knows if I just tune it up, IF I JUST RISEN UP THE BOW, if I just put a tuner on it and I begin to pluck a cord and I get it all in tune, it may have some scars. It may have some wounds. It may HAVE SOME SCARS. BUT WHEN I GET DONE WITH IT, IT'LL be the most valuable thing on the entire auction block. Are y'all hearing me? It went from being $2, Amen. to being the most valuable thing THAT WAS BROUGHT IN THAT AUCTION that day. You know what changed it? Whose hands it got in? Somebody say that with me. Whose hands it got in? Who got a hold of it? Amen. Changed the outcome of it. Who touched it? Now, you know why I sang that? Somebody touch me. Amen. You know why? Amen. Because if a man touches you, he'll never reveal the full potential laying inside of you. Amen. BUT IF THE ALMIGHTY GOD, AMEN, EVER TOUCHES YOUR HEART ONE TIME AND BEGINS TO TUNE up your life and begins to tune up your things and begins to tune up your worship. Amen. The devil says there'll never be another song played out of that violin. And God says, "Stand back and watch." Hallelujah. It looks broken, but it's going to play again. It looks broken, but there's going to be some music play again. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying the devil said you was broken. He said your church was broken. He said your family was broken. He said your kids was broken and your nerves was broken and your mind was broken. Amen. BUT GOD SAID, "WHEN I GET done with Word of Life Tabernacle, they'll be playing out some music." The mystery. Amen. I'm going to retitle this sermon the mystery OF WORD OF LIFE TABERNACLE. Thank you, Lord Jesus. When I get done, THEY'LL BE SHOUTING THE AISLES. WHEN I GET DONE, they'll be running IN VICTORY. WHEN I GET DONE, I'LL RAISE them from the lowest up into the most PRINCIPLED PART. WHEN I GET DONE WITH MY young people, they're going to know that I am God. When I GET DONE WITH THAT BROKEN HEART, they're going to know I'm a healer. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Now, I I can't leave out a very important part about that valley. And you know what that part is? It was scarred. It was broken. It was out of tune. Come on, preach. It strings were wore down. Yeah. It was in a feeble condition. Yes, it was. Come on, preach. And here's what I love about it. Yeah. All that had to happen was had to change hands. Come on. Brother Brother David, do you realize when that master violinist picked it up, he didn't put the music in it. Come on, preach. Come on, preach. He didn't put the music in it. The music was already in it. Oh, God. The only thing he did was reveal inside of that violin what nobody else saw. OH GOD HELP ME, CHURCH. ARE Y'ALL HEARING ME? The only THING HE DIDN'T PUT HE DIDN'T PUT MUSIC in it. He brought the MUSIC OUT. AMEN. BURIED underneath those scars. Buried underneath those broken strings. Buried underneath those attitune cords. Amen. With some music. And he begin TO PLAY A GOSPEL SONG. Oh church, ARE Y'ALL HEARING ME? WHY THEN are you here today? YOU DIDN'T PUT THIS MESSAGE in your heart. THERE WAS A SEED ON THE INSIDE OF YOU FROM BEFORE the foundation of the world. And you saw no purpose in your life. You saw no value IN YOUR LIFE. AMEN. BECAUSE you was in the wrong hands. You was in the hands of what man thought about you and what the church thought about you and what so and so THOUGHT ABOUT YOU. BUT GOD SAID, "I'm going to get a hold of him. Thank you, Lord. I'm going to quicken a seed on the inside. Hallelujah. And out of that broken violin. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Is going to come a strong song. Jesus. Thank you, Lord. What are you saying, preacher? Thank you, Jesus. I'm saying Israel, thank you, Lord. Went from the chaos of Egypt, Hallelujah. which was the ridiculous to the promised land. Which was the sublime. Hallelujah. I'm saying what Paul said, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. Thank you, Lord. Old things are passed away and behold all things. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Or become new. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. We got any violins here today? Thank you, Lord Jesus. Have we got any violins here today? Hallelujah. Everybody was holding you in their hand and telling you they didn't have no value and didn't have no future. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Your music playing days was over. Thank you, Jesus. God said, "Stand back." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Come on. Thank you, Jesus. Stand back. Thank you, Lord. I've got a track record. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Of taking out a tune instruments. Thank you, Lord. Playing mighty strong songs. Thank you, Lord. Brother Donnie Reagan told me one time years ago, he was going down to preach in South Carolina. Those of you that know Brother Donnie, you know, he's a a master woodworker. I mean, you can tell that he's preaching. He can take things and put things together and build build. I mean, it's amazing to see what he can do. They told me he said, "I was going down preaching, brother Fred. I'll be honest with you. I Oh, God. I'm traveling a little bit, preaching different meetings." Brother Donnie, there's one thing about it. Sometimes you realize early in the morning, he'll disappear like gone. Like, we was out in Virginia one morning. I was down there eating breakfast. I said, "Anybody seen brother Donnie?" And they said, "Yeah, we saw him leave here about 6:00 this morning." I said, "Really?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "Do you go home?" He said, "No, he's going antique shopping." Brother Kn, he said, "I like to go to antique shops." He said, "I've got like," he said, "I've actually got ones picked out different spots." He said, "Like when I go to South Carolina." He said, "I go through this one." He said, "I went in there one day and he said, they had this they had this great old big piece of piece of of furniture there." He said, "It was beautiful wood." He said, "I looked at I thought, man, I want to take that home." He said, "So I started talking to the guy and he asked me what he said, 'What do you want me to give me for it?" And he said, 'Well, I told him, he said, 'Well, I ain't taking that for it. He said, "Brother," I said, "Well, then I'll just leave it. You know, you can have it." He said, "Okay." He said, 'Well, thank you. He said, "Thanks for stopping by, brother." I said, "Yeah." He said, "But I really wanted that." He said, "Cuz I knew what kind of wood it was." He He said, "I knew the I mean, I'm telling you, the guy tell you the grain and everything of it." So, he said, "We went on down, preached the meet and come back home." Next year, we went back down to that meeting and he said, "We stopped by there again." in. He said, "I went in." The guy said, "I've been looking for you." He said, "What do you mean?" He said, "Well," he said, "You was in here last year and you looked at this this piece of wood here, this this piece of furniture." And he said, "I didn't want to I didn't want to sell it for what you want to give me for it." He said, "But something actually happened." He said, he said, "Something happened and the thing got knocked over." And he said, "It got broken. It shattered." He said, "Now, if you want it, it's out back." Oh, God. Woo Jesus. Hallelujah. [Applause] Brother Paul, if you want out back, he said, "I went back over there and he said, I looked at it." He said, "It was in about I can't remember how many apple boxes." He said, "It was shattered into th into into hundreds if not thousands of pieces, splintered, broken, busted, everything." He said, "I took it home in my truck, put it downstairs in my basement, and he said, "I go down there and I'd be listening to tapes, and I think," he said, "for long years." Thank you, Lord. He said, "For about two long years." He said, "I was down there." He said, "I'd get my sander out and I'd work a while." He said, "I'd get my nailer out." He said, "I'd sand, I'd glue, I'd cut," He said, "I'd work on it." He said, "While I was listening to tapes," he said, "I'd just be down there working." He turned his phone around and he said, "Now, here it is." I wish I could put the picture of it up here before you. He said, "It looks better now." Hallelujah. Than it did before, but what changed it? IT TOOK A FALL. IT TOOK A BREAKING. BUT IT TOOK A MASTER WOODWORKER TO PICK IT up and to begin to glue AND TO BEGIN TO SAW AND TO BEGIN TO SAND. AND YOU KNOW WHAT? IT STANDS IN HIS HOUSE TODAY AS A RECOGNITION. IT DON'T MATTER HOW BROKEN YOU ARE. IF GOD EVER GETS A HOLD OF YOU IN TWO YEARS, in 3 years, IN FIVE MINUTES, BETHLEHEM, HE'LL STAND YOU UP AS A TROPHY THAT NOTHING IS TOO BROKEN FOR GOD. HALLELUJAH. OH, brother Andrew, I don't see WHAT YOU SEE. THAT'S YOUR FINITE MIND. AMEN. BUT BROTHER DONNIE DIDN'T HAVE A finite mind when it come to that piece of wood. He had an infinite mind. He could see what he was going to do. He could see what it would LOOK LIKE. AND THERE WAS NO DISCOURAGEMENT. I THINK I ASKED HIM, and I hope he don't mind me sharing this. I asked him, "Brother Donnie, how many days did it look like it wasn't going to come together?" He said, "Many times." But I kept on working because I knew what wood was capable of doing. [Music] OH, I'M PREACHING to you now. Word of life. I'M PREACHING TO YOU NOW, CHURCH. AMEN. But I kept on working because I knew there was some potentials in that wood. Amen. Brother Ben, KEEP ON PREACHING. I KNOW THERE'S SOME POTENTIALS in these eagles. Eagles, keep on coming to church. THERE'S SOME POTENTIALS IN THIS MESSAGE. THERE'S SOME POTENTIALS IN THIS CHURCH. It may look like you're broken. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we love you. But when God gets done with you, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. I said, "Brother Donnie, what'd you do with that?" Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. He said, "I put it in my living room." Thank you, Lord. He said, "Originally, it's supposed to be an entertainment center, and we ain't got no television. Thank you, but it still stands there. Hallelujah. Believe he said it's in his living room somewhere. Thank you, Lord. But it stands there for everybody to see. It comes through. Thank you, Jesus. Brother Andrew, what are you saying? Thank you, Lord. Don't give up. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Don't get discouraged in those two years. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Don't lose your temper and bust all the wood and put it back in the apple box and say, "This is a waste of time." Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Keep on standing. Thank you, sir. Keep on coming on Wednesday nights. Hallelujah. Looks a little frustrating sometimes, don't it? Gets a little hard, don't it? Thank you, Lord. But just keep on coming. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Just keep on coming. Thank you, Lord. You know what's going to happen? Be a masterpiece. Raise up. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Don't give up. Keep on standing. Hallelujah. Don't throw in the towel. Hallelujah. Go get the Go get the nail gun. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Don't give up. Keep on preaching. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. There's a masterpiece. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. It ain't over. Hallelujah. May be in the apple boxes right now. Thank you, Lord. But there's a man here who's got the answers. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Looks pretty wavered right now. Thank you, Lord. Don't give up. Thank you, Lord. May have to fall. May have to be broken. Dreams may have to shatter. Oh, God. I'm not a crazy man. Three minutes before I walked out that door, God totally told me to preach the mystery of Bethlehem. Hallelujah. I was preaching on God hidden simplicity. And God took me to that sermon right there and said, "Preach it." Thank you, Lord Jesus. Right there in that room. Hallelujah. This significant now, but don't worry. When God gets done, everybody that talked about you'll have to talk for you. Thank you, Lord. Come on, Paul. That serpent's hanging on your arm right now. hanging right there just dangling and people's watching their clock waiting on you to fall waiting on you to die waiting on you to give up waiting on you to fall over and kill over keep on standing Paul stand there for about 15 minutes and when they're going crazy cuz you ain't died yet you just shake it off the fire and go ahead and praise God anyhow is there any pause here this morning AND JUST SHAKE OFF THE SNAKE. AMEN. Shake off the HEAVINESS YOU'VE BEEN CARRYING. SHAKE OFF THE THING PEOPLE'S been watching you, waiting on to kill you. WON'T YOU JUST SHAKE IT OFF THIS MORNING AND SAY, "GOD IS BACK IN BETHLEHEM TODAY." As the musicians come, thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, you're good. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Are y'all hearing me this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When God gets done with Bethlehem, thank you, Lord. They'll regret the ever the day they ever said there was a bunch of losers in there. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. When God gets Yeah, it may get time consuming. There will be Wednesday nights. You want to stay home? Just come home. days. When you want to throw up your hands and quit, thank you, Jesus, but just keep on praising God. Thank you, Lord. Brother Allan, keep on preaching. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Preach with everything that's within you. Thank you, Lord. It's the hour to do it. Thank you, Lord Jesus. And I'm just I'm I may be thinking a little bit deeper in the story right now than But you know what? Sometimes I wonder when I when I sit there and thought about that. I wondered if there was times that Brother Donnie would be working on that piece of furniture and he would say, now he didn't tell me this, but I just wondered just just Andrew Glover thinking, "Boy, it don't look like I'm getting a lot done today, does it?" [Music] And then I wondered if there was days it looked like in just a few in just a few more short days it's going to be all together and it's going to be it's going to be it's going to be ready to present but then maybe two days or three days later he come back and run into a to another challenge. But if God said, "I will present it a spotless." Thank you, Lord. Glorious. Hallelujah. Chosen. Thank you, Lord. Without wrinkle, without blemish, bright. Hallelujah. Maybe some corners to turn. Yes. Some hills to climb. Thank you, Lord. But keep on preaching. Thank you, Lord. There's going to be a bride. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. You love him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Good morning, Bethlehem dwellers. Thank you, Jesus. You've been born in God's Bethlehem. Today, [Music] I got to quit, but there's just an inspiration flowing right now. I've often wondered, brother, [Music] why was there such a fight in David like there was I've often wondered that. Why was there such a Why was there such a courage when that bear come in to say, "I'll take it out." Why was there a courage when that lion come in to say, "I'll take you out, too." Thank you, Lord. for a long time and and it's partly the reason building up to Goliath. But can I tell you another reason? David had to fight through all the village of Bethlehem being called losers. There was a fight in them Bethlehem dwellers like there was in nobody else. Thank you, Lord. That's why when Goliath stood there and said, "I'll take you down." David said, "Ah, that's what they told me in the city I was born in." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] I'll destroy you, David. THAT'S WHAT WELL, TODAY, DAVID, I'LL TAKE your I'll take you and show you to the world. I'll hang you up on my spear as a loser. David just chuckled and said, "That's what my own hometown said about me. I was a loser." [Music] Hallelujah. But I'm here today. Yes. Does everybody just want to close your eyes and just break into a moment of worship with the Lord? Is there anybody just want to say, "Thank you, Lord, for being on my side." Is there anybody just want to just want to say, "Thank you, Lord." When the odds was stacked against me, thank you, Lord. You was on my side. Thank you, Lord. I was I was that wood laying out there in the back of those apple boxes. Thank you, Jesus. I was that vine lid that was out of tune and wasn't worth much. But God rich in mercy. Thank you, Lord. God rich in mercy picked me up. Hallelujah. Turn me around. Oh, God took me back to the m to the wood shop and laid me on a pew on a Wednesday night and God sent a preacher in the pull pit with a vision for my life. I couldn't see it. I was getting really tired of getting preached that all the time. I I was getting really tired of hearing all that over and over and over. I was ready to throw up my hands and quit. But about that time, he got that groove right back in that other groove and he got that clamp and he clamped down on it and he put that glue in there and he put that nail in there and he clamped it down real tight and the devil said it was going to fall apart. Oh, but God rich in mercy said it's a part of the super structure. It's a part of the foundation. Is there any Bethlehem dwellers here tonight that just wants to say, "Thank you, God. Thank you for being on my side. Thank you for setting me free from this finite way of thinking. It's grounded me long enough. It's grounded my vision. It's grounded my direction. It's grounded my family. I I'm Today, Lord, I'm throwing away the old spirit of jealousy. I'm throwing away the old spirit of criticalness. I'm throwing away the old thoughts of of well so and so done this and sister done this and brother didn't shake my head and and if I if they sung as me oh if they did that oh get rid of it today Bethlehem dwellers you got a greater potential you got a greater vision than just coming to church and worrying about who didn't clap when you sung and and who didn't let you do this and who didn't recognize oh lay that aside Bethlehem dwellers there's a fight inside of you got a finish line to cross you got a goal to make you're the achievement of God in this generation. Heavenly Father, Lord, we bow our hearts in your presence this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Father, I am not ashamed to testify. I felt your grace settle over the hearts of this assembly. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, I believe that not because I was here or any other preacher was here, but I believe the accuracy of the Holy Ghost has guided a laser bomb right to the old devil. It says God is doing nothing and is Bethlehem today. Lord, before me stands people with broken hearts, broken dreams, weward children, weward loved ones, oh God. And Lord, we're taking courage this morning, Lord Jesus. That you're still going out back and picking up apple boxes. You're still going out back and Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Rebuilding broken homes. Rebuilding broken families. Hallelujah. Thank you. You're rebuilding broken marriages. Hallelujah. You're rebuilding broken relationships between between family members, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, God. You're rebuilding relationships and churches and fellowships. Lord, thank you, Lord, you're the master designer. You're the chief architect. Thank you, Lord Jesus. You're the God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. That's working a mighty mystery. Thank you, Lord. Out of Bethlehem. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. didn't tell you to stay away from Bethlehem. But when God says go to Bethlehem, there's a work there. There's a people to be brought up out of Bethlehem. You got to forget what the finite way of thinking. And say, God, against every judgment, I'm trusting your infinite mind. Thank you, Lord. I believe in you're taking us from the ridiculous to the sublime. Father, bless your children here today. Bless every individual under the sound of my voice. May they know today, God. Thank you, Lord, that you're back in your Bethlehem today. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Is there any Bethlehem dwellers here today? Thank you, Lord. Any Bethlehem dwellers here today that just want to slip your hands up, say, "Thank you, Lord, for Thank you, Lord, for the spirit of prophecy over my life. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for the vision in this message concerning my life. We've been made more than coner Bethlehem dwellers in this life. Glory. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus. I want to sing it like this. We've been made more than losers in this life, Lord. We're overcomers. We're conquerors. We're winners in this life. Hallelujah. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. with all your hearts down. We may be more than coner overcomeers in this life. Bless the Lord this morning. Bless the Lord Jesus this morning. I wish somebody would bless his name. I wish somebody would praise his name through the blood of Jesus. Come on, Bethlehem dwellers, sing him with all your hearts now. Bless the Lord this morning. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be. Blessed be the most high God. Overcomers in this life. Oh yes. Oh, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Sing that first verse if you know it. [Music] You got the verses to that may come knocking at your door. Don't be afraid. You know it's not like before. Don't you give in. Don't you let it bring you down. Why? Why? Why? We've been made more than conquerors. Glory overcomeers in this life. There is a purpose in my life. I've been anointed for that purpose. [Applause] Victorious through the blood of Jesus. All right, let's sing this one. Let's try. Hold on. We're getting stronger every day. Here it is. And there's no reason for you to go astray. Don't you lean to your understanding. Just lean on here and we'll all say what we going to say. We've been made more than coner. Glory. Overcomes in this life. God bless you this morning. We've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, we've been made more than coner overcomeers in this life. Hallelujah. And we've been made victorious. [Music] Through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. We've been made more than conquerors. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. We were created more than conquerors. Overcomers in this life. You just had to get in his hands. Yes. Would you just surrender to his hands? Just let him bring the music out of your life. Amen. What a wonderful sermon this morning. Amen. Don't you love the Lord? Amen. All that come out of the message of the hour. Some of those quotes I could finish from memory. But you know what? It's the presence of the Lord that makes it real. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Isn't it wonderful to be in the house of God? Hallelujah. I I could stay in here all day. Y'all get tired. I'd stay in here all day. We're going to we're going to worship a little bit. Sing a a happy song here in a moment. But I I wanted to go ahead and ask the blessing over the food and we'll go eat in just a moment. But just would you join with me in prayer that the spirit that we feel here today would never leave this sanctuary. that would remain with us and that we'd continue to just press on, never turn back, never do anything less. We're always pressing on in the hour when we see the day approaching, we'll we'll come together more. We'll believe more. We'll love more. We'll trust God more. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. God bless you. Thank you for all you've done for the meetings. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we love you this morning. We thank you for coming, Lord, by our way. Once again, I pray you'd bless Brother Andrew, Lord. I pray you'd give him strength in his body, Lord. Bless him abundantly for his labors. Oh God, I pray you'd use him mightily, Lord. May there be just a hedge round about him that would shield him from any criticism, from any fiery dart of the enemy. I pray you'd grant it, Lord God. Lord, help him to continue straight in this message of the hour as he has been. pray you'd bless him, Lord. Pray you'd bless this church, Lord. Every person that came this morning, those that traveled all these miles, I pray you'd bless them. Give them traveling mercies on the way home, Lord. We thank you for him. Bless the food. We thank you for it. Thank you for providing for us, Lord. Lord, we we didn't know, Lord. We took a leap of faith when we started this journey, but Lord, you've provided financially and spiritually and in every way, and we thank you for that. We just had to learn how to trust you, Lord. We thank you for doing all of that for us. I pray you'd bless us today now. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Come, brother Joel. Let's worship just a moment, then you can go. Thank you, Lord. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Well, I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. taking back my song, my dance, my joy, my peace that the devil stole from me. Well, I'm taking back. Forget everything that the devil stole from me. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, and my joy, and my peace. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, taking back my soul, my death, my joy, my peace, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and my peace. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Play it one time. Clap your hands. Thank you, Lord. [Music] I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my soul, my dance, my joy, my peace. I'm taking it back. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Give him praise in the place this morning. Amen. Well, some glad morning when this life is over, I going to fly away well to my home on God's celestial shore. I will fly away when I fly away. Oh, glory. I I'll fly away. And when I rise, hallelujah, by Oh, I fly away. And when the shadows of this life have grown, I go fly away. And like a bird [Music] I will fly away [Music] [Applause] [Applause] I fly away when I ride. Hallelujah. Bye-bye. Well, I fly away. So, there's just a few more weary days and then I I'll fly away. Oh, to a land where joy will never fly away. Sing it out now. [Applause] I fly away. Oh, glory. I don't fly away. And when I ride, hallelujah. By and by. Oh, I fly away. We're singing high. I fly away. You're glory. I'll fly away. Oh, and when I rise, hallelujah, bye. Oh, I fly away one more time on the verse there. Well, there's just a few more weary days and then I don't fly away. Oh, to a land where joy shall never end. Oh, fly away. [Music] Fly away. Oh, glory. Oh, fly away. And when I rise, hallelujah, my will I fly away. [Music] Amen. Aren't you happy you came to meetings this weekend? Amen. It's been good. God's been so good to us. We We sang this one earlier in the service. We're going to sing it as we go. God is good all the time. Just sing it as we go. He's always good to us, isn't he? Good times, and bad times, he's good to us. Amen. Well, God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in his heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. And if you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear, for he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. But he has promise to never leave you nor forsake you. and his word is still true.
