################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - When Prophecy Becomes History - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    When Prophecy Becomes History
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyn1oRs60UA
========================================

Description:
"When Prophecy Becomes History" Pastor Ben Pruitt 4/13/25 Sunday Morning
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] He said, "I walked on the I [Music] caled and I gave [Music] you I hear you when you walked right beside [Music] He said, "I walked on the water. I cal and I gave you peace. Didn't I run to your resue? And didn't I hear you when you called? I walked right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. did not leave all of heaven to die for your sin. I searched until I found you and I do it all again. First verse. As I kneel in the darkness in the middle of the night, I'm praying for everything. Lord, I see another battle. It's afraid I won't be [Music] able to wind. beside you wouldn't [Music] fall to die for your sin. I searched until I found you and I do it all again. Amen. Let's sing that song Keith. Thanks. Amen. Welcome to the house of the Lord this morning just to enter in and worship with us. Amen. I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. Lord, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. Lord, I am so blessed. My soul has found Lord. Amen. Can we lift our hands and sing it to him again? I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you. Lord, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, that sounds good. Let's sing it again. Oh, I just want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you. Lord, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Same key. I'm going to [Music] rise above it all. I'm going to rise above it all. I'm going spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. I'm [Music] goingise it all. I'm going to rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away and rise above it all again. I'm goingise above it all. I'm going to rise above it all. I'm going spread my wings and fly away. Let's try it again. Above it all. [Music] above it all. Spread my wings and [Music] fly above it all. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. I think I'm gonna have to get out of the key of F and get to G for Jesus. Amen. Let's let's do Jesus on the main line. I'm bad at practice. Y'all sing with me. You have Jesus on the main line, Brother Robert? We don't have it. Praise the Lord. Well, it's Jesus. Tell him. [Music] If you need your healing [Music] healing healing, [Music] If you want the [Music] ghost on the main [Music] Call him [Music] up.uses on the mainus. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the mainus on the [Music] mainus on I love to praise him. I love to praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Amen. Why don't you turn around and greet your neighbor in the name of the Lord. [Music] I love to praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the earth. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Heaven comes down. comes down to him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. Y'all are singing great this morning, pulling me out of many holes that I have stepped in. So, amen. You happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Beautiful day outside. Y'all survived the tornado and the flood. So, we're here. We might as well worship him for a little bit. Amen. Let's sing that song. Key of G. I'm free. I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer [Music] bound. There's no chains. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer [Music] bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. If you've been set free, why don't you lift your hands? Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. That sounds good. Once again, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Thankful to be free this morning. Amen. We just love the Lord this morning. Amen. Maybe if you want to play something softly, we go ahead and have the ushers come at this time. We only have one written request this morning. Remember those all that are out. I know there's some out not feeling well and there's a lot out traveling. So just be praying for them. And this is uh please pray for sister Helen Naomi. She has flu-l like symptoms, is having a hard time recovering. That's from Sister Alice Morgan. So just be praying for them. Sister Helen Naomi this morning that God would just send a special touch her way. And maybe if you have an unspoken request, if you'd like to just make known to hand Caleb, take these needs for us. Dear Lord, we thank you for this day that you give us, Father, to gather here and worship you and to hear from your word. Lord, we just thank you and praise you for it. Father, we just ask you to come down and meet the many needs of the people, Lord, the known and the unknown. Father, we just ask you to bless the people by your word today. We thank you and we ask you to bless tithes and offerings for your kingdom, Jesus Christ. You can be seated as users come by singing I love you Lord I love you. Sing this to him [Music] again. I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus in moments like these. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. [Music] I love you, Lord. I love Let's sing that chorus again. [Music] singing I love you Lord singing I love you Lord sing I love [Music] Lord, you love him. This morning, just I thrilled to announce something. We're taking up the offering. Uh, next next Sunday will be our Easter service. We will just have one service there Sunday morning. So, just be remember that. Next Sunday will be one service. be the Easter morning service there on Sunday. And let's sing that song if we could. I pledge allegiance to the lamb in KV. We're going to go for it again. I have heard ago they were brought before. They were told that he would spare their lives if they would reounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die of God. They would not deny like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voice. I pledge alce to the lamb with all my strength. With all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. Now the years have come and the years have gone, but the cause of Jesus still goes on. And now our time has come to count the cost to reject this world to embrace the cross. So one by one let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life till the trumpet sounds on that final day. Let us proudly stand and boldly say I alce to the lamb with all my strength with all I am. I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce. Let's lift our hands. We sing that chorus again. The lamb. Oh, I pledge alce to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb, man. Same key. I'm amazed. We'll do that chorus. [Music] [Music] that you care. It was through your preious blood and [Music] my washed away. All my sins are washed away. First verse. No one knew how alone I was feeling. And the emptiness I tried so hard to [Music] hide. I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercies and the love you showed on a hillary. There you purchased my redemption. when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me and I'm amazed that you care. It was through your preious blood I [Music] found and my s are washed. They're alled. All my sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness and your ear. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems [Music] of knowing you are I'll ever [Music] that you love me. I'm so amazed that you care. It was through your preious blood I founded. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Amen. Are you thankful for his love and mercy this morning? Let's sing that song. I just want to please the Lord. We'll sing this one and we'll sing one more and invite our pastor to come this morning. Amen. You ready to hear from the word of the Lord and let's sing KFC, I [Music] think. Well, I just want to please the Lord, be in his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his [Music] liking his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his [Music] lik. Can we lift our hands and sing it to him again? Oh, I just want [Music] to be in his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his liken. Let's stand and sing it to him together. Oh, I just want [Music] to be in his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his [Music] liking it again. [Music] to be lost in his presence in his lik. Amen. That should be all of our desires this morning just to please him. Amen. As we invite our pastor to come sing that song in the presence of Jehovah. I believe it's the king of seed. Amen. just seen this. We invite our pastor to come this morning and just pull on the gift of God. We know that he's here and he's more than able to meet our needs this morning. Amen. In the presence of Jehovah. He's God all mighty. [Music] The prince of peace. Trles vanish and hearts are men in the [Music] presence of the king. Sing that chorus again. Oh, in the presence of [Music] Jehovah God. Oh, you believe you're in his presence this morning. [Music] All my trles. [Music] Oh, hearts are in the presence. Can we lift our hands to him and sing it one more time? Lord, I believe I'm in your presence today. I believe in your presence anything is possible. [Music] I'm so thankful for you Lord. You are God Almighty. Oh prince of peace all my trles are thank [Music] We bow our heads together for just a moment. Maybe you've got a special request you'd like to make known today by way of uplifting him. God sees every need and he knows every heart. Father, we we just love you today. We thank you, Lord, for your You're an everpresent help in time of trouble. We feel your presence. It tells us that you are here and you do care. We thank you for that, Lord. I pray, God, that you'd just move in a mighty way today, Lord. Speak as only you can. I pray you'd move me out of the way, Lord. I'm not sufficient in myself to say what needs to be said, Lord. realizing that words have power, Lord. Especially when it's a word, Lord, fitly spoken in due season. I pray that it would be so, Lord. May it be your words. May I only say those things that would be right. I pray you'd move, Lord. I pray you'd heal every sick body. You know the need behind every hand. I pray you'd meet that need today. We thank you for meeting us here. We pray that we'd worship you, Lord, as you deserve to be worshiped, Lord. You're the only one worthy. I pray God, Lord, that you'd feel from us today as we feel your presence. May you feel from us a love and a desire to be like you. I pray you'd grant it now. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord. We're going to read from Matthew chapter 21. Matthew chapter 21 verse 6. We'll read down through verse 10. So good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Good to see several of you back with us that haven't been here in a few weeks. God bless you. I know the weather's been crazy. Things have just been turned upside down, it seems like. But but it's bright outside today. It's sunny. Brother Joel's in Ohio. He had a family wedding this weekend. So he's up there be attending brother Lawson's church this morning. praying for him on the roads coming back today. And each one of you that are here, thank you for being here today. We got food coming up after the service. Maybe I shouldn't mention that right before I preach, but but uh I want you all to be hungry, but we'll try not to hold you too awful long. Brother Josh Kathy, didn't he do a wonderful job Wednesday night? Wasn't that wonderful? So good to have you and Sister Kaden and the children with us this week. And they'll be headed back to Tucson. praying for them. They fly out tonight, this evening. Good to have uh Jaden and Isabella with us today. God bless you. Thank you for coming and good to have each and every one of you. We just love you and uh pray the Lord blessings will be on us today as we worship together. Matthew 21:6 says, "And the disciples went and did as Jesus commanded them and brought the ass and the colt, put on them their clothes, and they them there on very great multitudes spread their garments in the way. Others cut down branches from the trees and straw them in the way. The multitudes that went before and that followed cried saying, "Hosana to the son of David. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosana in the highest." When he was coming to Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, "Who is this?" Pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated. I want to speak to you this morning on prophecy becoming history. Prophecy becoming history. Prophecy. A prophecy is a foretelling or a prediction, a declaration of something to come. It's something that God only knows. And so if it's a true prophecy, it's can only be God or some person informed by him that can utter a real prophecy. We know that this book is a book of prophecy. It's a book of prophecy and it's a book of history. It's a book of of things prophesied and things coming to pass. So history is from the word story. It just means something that happened and is told. And so the Bible tells us when especially in the Old Testament of prophecy and the New Testament of the fulfillment of prophecy. Yet we know that there are prophecy specific to the day that we live in today. Peter tells the people that early church in second Peter chapter 1, he said, "We also have a more sure word of prophecy, where to you do well that you take heed as unto a light that shineth in a dark place until the day dawn and the day star arise in your hearts." Knowing this first, no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man, but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. And so we find that the prophet Zachchariah was moved by the Holy Spirit one day and he spoke nearly uh nearly uh maybe hundreds of years before Jesus rode out on a donkey and come out down the mountain and and the people rejoiced. And he said in Zechariah 9:9, "Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion. Shout, oh daughter of Jerusalem." Now, there was a reason for their rejoicing. He's not telling them to shout because the music is loud. He's not telling them to shout because things are are good or they have money or or things are or everything's going just the way they want it to go. That's not why he's telling them to shout. But he said, "I want you to shout because prophecy is going to become history." He said, "Shout because your king is coming." That's the reason we ought to shout today. Not just because somebody us up into a shout, but because our king is coming. Amen. And our king has come in word form in this day. Now, he's coming unto you. He is just and having salvation lowly and riding upon an ass and upon a cult the full of an ass. Not only Zechariah, but 4,000 years of prophecy spoke of that moment when he would come into Jerusalem to be what he was called to be, to do what he was chosen to do. is he was the only one who was worthy to do that. He's he's literally the only one who had a right to do it. The only one who was worthy to do it. They searched all through heaven and said, "Who is worthy to take the book and open his one was worthy?" Because only one was worthy to die for our sins. We couldn't die for our own sins because then we would be dead. But he died not being a sinner. And so he was raised from the dead on the third day. I'm so thankful for that today. So the the people were buzzing with anticipation because they believed that some Easter weekend as we would call it or Passover weekend. They believed that that there was their Messiah was going to come and they read their children. Zechariah 9:9 says, "Rejoice greatly, and when you see your king coming to you, riding on a donkey coming down the mountain." When he comes into Jerusalem, remember that's a time to rejoice. When you see him coming, many of them have spent their entire lives studying promises of a Messiah. They said, "There's a Messiah coming. There's one coming who uh who's going to write all the wrongs. He's going to make the crooked places straight and things are going to be different when he comes and and we we'll we'll shake off this Roman system. And they didn't realize the impact that he would make and and they didn't realize that it wasn't going to be a political move, but it was going to be a spiritual move. They were looking for politics. I think some people still today are looking for for a political move, looking for the salvation in politics. But the bride's salvation will never be in politics. It'll never be in government. It'll only be in Jesus Christ. But they were buzzing with anticipation, waiting. The whole city was moved as they waited on him to come. They prayed every day and sang psalms at the temple speaking of his coming. Lord, come and and and and make things right. Change our world. And brother Brandon picks it up and he says, "Here are those people that read that scripture day by day. Watched him come riding in and cried, "Who is this?" They watched him come in exactly like he said he would. Yet the people who were the most read up on it, the the the most accurate theologians of the day were unable to see what happened when it happened. Prophecy becoming history. They had they had seen the miracles. They knew he was a prophet. They saw him as he come and healed the sick, as he healed the blind man and healed the leper. You know, that's how we know he can heal today is because we know what he did when he was in the flesh. We know what he did when he was here on earth. And so, we know he's still a healer today because he's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And so, we know he can heal. We know he can save. We know he can straighten out a home. We Come on, church. We know that because that's what he did and that's what he's doing now. We know it, Brother West, because he's still doing it in our lives. We have personal experience. I wonder how many can testify today. He still does miracles. He still heals the sick. He still raises the dead. They they had experienced his presence. Were moved by his power, saw the lepers cleansed and the blind were able to see and and the lame walk. Yet they said, "Who is this?" Matthew 21:10, when he was coming to Jerusalem, all the city was moved. Who is this? Notice how ridiculous. Brother Brandon says that the word of God to a people who is supposed to believe it. And yet, it's so unusual. I want you to notice this and because I want you to think deeply today and ponder on what we're going to say because I think it's important that we understand the prophecy that's become history in our day and realize that prophecy can still become history in our own lives. So he said it's so unusual that they cry out well what's this? Where did you get that stuff? Who is this? What is this? when they ought to have been screaming, "Hosana to the king that cometh in the name of the Lord." But there was just a little group doing that. Just a little group. So the multitude said, "Who is this?" Now we know that the attraction on the mountain that day was prophecy becoming history. God fulfilling his word. Now, brother Brandon ties that. He goes through, if you listen to the the sermon, what is the attraction on the mountain? He goes through uh he goes through Noah and and he ties it to that and and some other things. And then he ties it to uh the day of Pentecost. And he says another attraction was on a mount was on the day of Pentecost. It was on the temple mount when all of them was up there in a religious feast. He said thought they had got rid of all the fanatics. They hadn't heard from them for 10 days. All of a sudden, like a beehive, he said they broke out of the top of the building out into the streets of screaming and carrying on. What is this? What meanth this? They said, "Are these are all these men drunk?" But see, what was happening was God was fulfilling his word, prophecy becoming history. And I know this is elementary, but I'm building up to something this morning. Joel had promised them what would happen, but they didn't see it. We find in in Acts 21:14, Peter stood up and lifted up his voice and said to them, "Ye men of Judea and all you that dwell in Jerusalem, be that known as you, hearken to my words. These are not drunken as you suppose, seeing it as but the third hour of the day." Well, maybe I should just stop there for just a moment. We won't stop for long, but I can stop there just for a moment. When's the last time somebody accused your church of being drunk or accused you personally of being drunk in church? I think we need to feel the presence of God. Sometimes we need to recognize that what it was was stimulation of revelation. They weren't drunk on a preacher. They weren't drunk on a personality. They weren't drunk on on what some man said or somebody working them up into a frenzy. They were drunk on the fulfillment of the word of God. God, you promised it and today it's being fulfilled. Oh, I think every one of us ought to get drunk on the fulfillment of the promises today. I challenge you to believe the promises of the word. If you can believe them, he'll bring them to pass in your life. If you're a young family who's struggling, and you believe the promise of the word that says, "I have not seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread." You ought to be able to believe that with all of your heart and stand with that and and see it come to pass in your life. And there ought to be a stimulation, a revelation when you see God begin to move. When he gives you that baby that you shouldn't have. When he gives you, come on, church. When he when he gives you the things that you shouldn't have. When your children come home. When they had no business, seem like they were lost for good and they begin to come back to the house of the Lord. What is that prophecy becoming history? And it ought to make us drunk on the presence of God and what God has done in our day. We ought to get excited, get out of ourselves sometimes and get excited about what God is doing in this hour. Listen, I don't believe that we have to take a a look back in history and say, "Well, the way it used to be, the way it used to be." I believe today is the premier day for the bride. I believe right now is the moment we can receive what God has given us. We don't have to take a backseat to any other age. But here in the age of darkness of Leona, there is a bride without spot or wrinkle. When everything is spotted, when every table is full of vomit, there is a people offering a pure sacrifice to God. Too fat. This is so these people aren't drunk. This is sad. Are you hearing me? This is sad. Oh, I want to tell you today this is that if you could just drink of it. If you just partake of it, this is that. And we think we can find our answers all in the world and things. And I know there's things people can do to help. And I love that people help other people. I love that. But the answer for us as the bride is him and he is the word. If we can just realize this message has the answer to every question that we have. It was given to us that it's Christ revealed to us in our day. We just drink of it and commit ourselves to it and surrender ourselves to him. Things could be different. This is that Peter goes on to preach to them and said, "This same Jesus that you crucified has now become Lord and Savior." And when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart. Oh, that's what we need today. If you've got any movement, if there's any desire in your heart, when you hear the word of the Lord preached and there's any kind of any kind of a prick there at all, you say, "Oh, I need to be saved. I need to be right." Why don't you give into that, surrender to that? It may not be there forever. He don't have to deal with men forever, but if you feel free, listen to me, young people. If you feel him pricking at your heart, that's the time to reach out to him and say, "Lord, I want everything you have for me. I need the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I need your presence in my life." They were pricricked in their heart and said to Peter and the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" And Peter, Brother Brandham calls him Dr. Peter gave the prescription said unto them, "Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." We make it too complicated, church. I remember Sister Stephanie, it was it been three years ago now that you come on an Easter and heard the word and the next week they were baptized. Her and Trip were baptized and and I believe they received the baptism of the Holy Ghost and God changed their life. It's that simple, church. Brother Ryan, you were baptized. I believe the Holy Ghost can fill your life and make you new. I believe he's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. I believe he keeps his word today. Hallelujah. Do you believe he keeps his word? You believe he's the same today as he ever was. Oh, I think we ought to testify to our neighbors and tell them what God's done in this day. I think we ought to testify to our children and tell them what God's done in this day. This is not something to hide in a corner. This is that was spoken of. This is prophecy becoming history. He said there would be a bride and there is a bride. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Brandon calls this the eternal prescription. He said, "I know they got a substitute today being born again. Just shake hands with the preacher and put your name on the book." But friends, that is a dogma. It's not a Bible truth. If it would, the Acts of the Apostles in the second chapter would have read like this. When the day of Pentecost was fully come, the pastor walked out and shook hands with the people. I heard that preached in a message church. The day of Pentecost was like going out and just shaking hands on the parking lot. Everybody's smiling at each other. I smile a lot. I've never No one's ever called me drunk. But brother Ram said it wasn't that. The pastor didn't walk out and shook shook hands with the people. That's not what it was. wasn't just a good day at church, but it was the fulfillment of prophecy. Prophecy became history, and they were they were inspired by it. Something in them had to cry out to him. They couldn't even speak in their own language. Oh my. Hallelujah. Pastor walk out, shake hands with the people, but said, "When the day of Pentecost fully come, the inauguration of the church, there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind that filled all the house where they were sitting." That's how the Holy Spirit come the first time. He said that's how it comes every time. Someone say it with me. Every time. That's how it comes every time since that time. Hallelujah. He is God and changes not. He said now it stumbles people. They say that was for another day. Well, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Every time the church ever received the Holy Ghost, it's always come like he did the first time under the same prescription. Acts 2:38, "It never has changed, never will change." He said, "And the doctor's prescription on how to receive the Holy Ghost is given to us by Dr. Simon Peter on the day of Pentecost. I'll give you a prescription. Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." For the prescription is to them that's far off. And even as many as the Lord our God shall call. I'm glad, brother. As long as he's still calling, it's still effective today. Yes, sir. Glad he's still calling. He said the eternal prescription. Hallelujah. So, what was it the day that you received the baptism of the Holy Ghost? What was that that did that, brother David? What is that, brother JT that did that? It's Oh, hallelujah. When you received the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, what it was was prophecy becoming history. He said, "I'll pour out my spirit on all flesh. You were one of the sons and daughters that could receive that and and bear fruit of that in your womb, a womb of your soul. And and because of that, it was prophecy becoming history. And it brings rejoicing in your life. Hallelujah. Now, I want to kind of turn a corner here as I want us to think personally and then think a little bit wider as we think about it. See the promise, any promise of the word is either prophecy or history at any given point in your life. Right? So I am the God that heals all thy diseases. It's either prophecy or history in your life. He said, "But I still have symptoms in my life." But it can become history when you believe it. Right? when you believe it. Because when you believe it, the promise is yours. Brother said, "It's like having a needing a loaf of bread because you're hungry and somebody gives you the money to buy a loaf of bread and you go out." He said, "You can be just as happy with the purchase price of it because you know you have what it takes to get a loaf of bread." And when you receive your healing, you have what it takes for them symptoms to leave. You've got what it takes. You don't need anything else. You can be happy with that, right? And you can go purchase it now. So, so it's either prophecy or history. Now, it can't be both. So, there's things that have not yet come to pass. There's things that are still prophecy. There are things that are history, but they can't be both. You either have the Holy Ghost or you don't. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is either a prophecy to you or history to you. That ought to make a Baptist shout. I'm so glad it's history. But if you don't have it yet, don't give up. It's yet it's a prophecy to you, right? It's prophecy becoming history. So the promise is either prophecy or history to you. You either have it or you don't. Brother Brandon tells us you must be identified somewhere. You must show your life shows tonight where you are identified. You are identified either in Christ or out of Christ. You are not halfway. There's no such thing as a drunk sober man. There's no black white bird. You're either saved or you're not saved. Somebody needs to get that revelation today. You need to make up in your mind whether it's prophecy or history. And if it's prophecy, you need to seek it. And if it's history, you need to believe it. Are you with me now? You need to stand and say, "I am saved." Because the devil's going to tell you you're not saved. The devil's going to tell you you didn't get it. The devil's going to tell you you're not good enough. That's his job is to tell you that. But you can stand up for the game and put put your state down and say, "I know it's history in my life. I know my life was changed. I know what I was and I know what I am today." Hallelujah. So he said, "You're either you're a saint or a sinner. One or the other. Your spiritual attitude I love this. What what what makes you what what what shows you what you are? Your spiritual attitude towards God's word identifies you exactly where you're standing. Oh, the way you're pulling this morning, I believe you're standing in a good place. Your spiritual attitude towards God's word identifies exactly where you're standing. God's word vindicated proved that the baptism of the Holy Ghost is just the same as it ever was on the day of Pentecost or any other time. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that it is. He said uh he said and Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. Your attitude towards that identifies whether you have spiritual amnesia or not. Right? He says whether or not you've forgotten who you are. Spiritual amnesia. Amnesia is when you forget who you are. He said, "That's right. No matter whether if you're a deacon or if you're a preacher, it doesn't make you Yeah, they get it, too." He said, "So, we find out it's contagious and it's the whole thing." Spiritual amnesia does. I'm so glad that you know. See, a spiritual amnesiac doesn't know that it's become history in his life. But you and I, our minds have been cleared today to know I'm not the son of John and Sharon Puit, but I'm the son of God. I'm a son of God. You're a daughter of God. I wonder if we've forgotten. Wonder if we forget sometimes who we are. Forget we're identified with this message. See, something happened to you. There's a reason why you hunger for the things of God. You can't be like other people. You might even try to be like other people, but God's going to get you. God's going to get you. He's got a way of doing it. Have we forgotten we're identified by with this message? And let me say something. We are not identified by a picture or belt buckle. Thank God. Can't get one of those that don't hurt me. That was my identification. But Josh, I'd be in trouble. Or a wheat pin or a cloud pin. Come on, church. I love those things. But that's not that's not our identification, but our identification. He told us what it was. It's our attitude towards the word. [Applause] It's not where we go to church or who our pastor is. tape we listen to or what it is that we do, but it's our attitude towards the word that makes us what we are. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Zechariah 9, there was the prophecy of the first coming of Christ. In Zechariah 14, the same prophet spoke of his second coming. Do you realize that? Zechariah 14:4 says, "His feet shall stand in that day upon the Mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east. And the Mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west. And there shall be a very great valley." Brother Brandon said, "There'll be a great earthquake." He said that's the same earthquake in Revelation. He said, "There shall be a very great valley, and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south, and you shall flee to the valley of the mountains. For the valley of the mountain shall reach unto us all. You shall flee like you fled from from the earthquake in the days of Uzziah, king of Judah, and the Lord thy God shall come and all the saints with thee." That blesses me every time I read it. It says his feet. Let me let me just say this. He said his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives. I don't I don't spiritualize that a bit. I believe his feet, Christ's feet will stand on the Mount of Olives. Amen. I I believe I'll see him, church. Brother Brandon said he'll he'll come, he said, in a literal corporal body. He said, and that's what believers believe. So, we believe that's coming. That's ahead for us. That's a prophecy. all the saints with thee. It's a prophecy. But here now, let's look at this in Zechariah 14:6. Something that was a prophecy. It shall come to pass in that day. That's the day of the of his the rapture age, if we could say it that way. The light shall be not not be clear nor dark, but it shall be one day which will be known to the Lord, not day nor night, but it shall come to pass at evening time it shall be light. Hallelujah. prophecy. And it shall be in that day that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem and have them toward the hindrance sea and summer and winter shall it be. Now, we know that scripture has compound meanings. I believe there's a there's a meaning of this for the uh millennium perhaps or the new heavens and the new earth. But here he's talking, brother Brandham said that that the gospel going forth to both Jew and Gentile. And in Zechariah 14:9 again he said the Lord should be king over all the earth. that day there shall be one Lord and his name one. Now, Brother Brham picks out that scripture of light at the evening time and identifies that as a prophecy which has now become history. Right? It shall be light when she grows beyond organization. I love that. Just ponder that for a moment. The bride has to reach a place of maturity, brother Paul. Beyond organization, beyond denomination. And anytime you see people take an organization or a denomination out of this message. We got to grow beyond that to fulfill this scripture. Right? When she grows beyond organization, when she gets out past organization, it blooms out again, she'll put forth oranges like she was when she went into the ground, and then it shall be light. So, it's like a tree that was planted, a citrus tree, and other types of fruit were grafted in, but it was an orange tree to begin with. Thank God for that because I don't like lemons. I like oranges. But it wasn't Hallelujah. He said it was an orange tree. It was an orange tree to begin with. Wasn't some old sour. Thank God. But it was an orange tree. I think some of y'all been on that lemon tree that grafted. Praise God. You been Somebody's been eating off the lemon tree. You know, get really sour. But it was an orange tree to begin with. and denomination come and graft it in other other branches living off the same life. Right? But the tree had to grow beyond that. And when the tree put forth another branch Oh, I hope you're hearing me, church. This was a prophecy. But you're looking at it. Where is the branch of the Lord today, minister? It's right here. I'm in. You're in. We are church. We are the fulfillment of the prophecy of Malachi 4. Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet. We are the ones he was sent for to turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers. That's us. We've been turned back our heart. No wonder we can rejoice like no other. No wonder this is a king lamb worship time like no other because we know our hearts have been turned back by the message of the hour. Hallelujah. What was prophecy now becomes history. Now look, he said, "When it blooms out again, she'll put forth oranges like Hallelujah, like she was when she went into the ground, and then it shall be light." What's this attraction? What's this happening? Fulfilling God's word. Hallelujah. Now, I want to go somewhere in the rest of the sermon. I want you to stay with me because it's important. Something that happened in our day. Brother Brandham had a vision. He was picking a cocoa off of his pants and a blast came. He thought it might be his death. And he's telling this in a sermon called, "Is this a sign of the end? Sir, in December, the last day of December, the uh it's actually New Year's Eve and or the day before that in uh 1962. Is this the sign of the in sir?" He said, "I was at Tucson, Arizona in the vision, for it made it so purpose that he didn't want me to fail to see where it was at. I was picking a sandbur of me from the desert." He tells, he goes on to tell about the little birds that flew by. And those of you who have read this, you'll understand what I'm talking about. Little birds that flew by, a group of them. He said, "Then doves flying and they're flying from the west." I don't know where west is here, but they're flying from the west. I believe it's that way. west coming east, he said. And he he said, "No sooner had they gotten out of my sight, I turned again to look westward." So there's been little birds and then doves fly by. He said, "I turned again to look westward. There it happened. There was a blast that actually shook the whole earth. It shook the earth." He said, "It was like a sound barrier broken." There's a sermon in that. It's like the sound barrier broken or a thunderclap. He said like lightning and thunder. He said, "But it shook the earth." And when it did, I was still looking westward. And way off into eternity, I saw a constellation of something coming. It looked like it might have been little dots. There could have been no less than five, not more than seven. But they were in the shape of a pyramid, like these messengers coming. He said, "When it did, the power of all mighty God lifted me up to meet them." So when he had the vision, he didn't know what it meant. That's an important thing to understand about a prophet. A prophet when he has a vision doesn't always know what the vision means. But he's watching for the fulfillment of the vision. Give you an example. When David uh said, "My bones, they stare at me." He was under inspiration. He didn't People look at him and say, "You're crazy, David. You've not been beaten like that." Right? But but he was talking about a future happening. And yet he might have looked for it to happen in his day. We know that Isaiah when he spoke of virgin shall conceive, every virgin thought, "Well, that might be me." And so they were waiting for that to happen, right? did he was looking for that even in his day. He did not know what the fulfillment was. Brother Brandham initially doesn't know what the fulfillment was. But this message doesn't just didn't just bring us out, but it also takes us in. Right? So, we got to see the prophecy and the fulfillment of the prophecy in brother Brandham's ministry. I look, he said when he had the vision, he didn't know what it meant. I turned again. I thought, Lord God, what does this vision mean? And I wondered, he said, and then it come to me, not a voice just come to me. Oh, he said that is the angels of the Lord coming to give me my new commission. When I thought that, I raised up my hands. I said, "Oh Lord Jesus, what will you have me to do?" So the interpretation didn't come immediately. And he picks up on that. He said, "The reason I think the interpretation never come immediately," he said, "It was by the sovereignty of God because I believe it's wrote out here in the Bible for me." And then if it's scriptural, it's only the scripture can interpret it. So remember there's a blast or a thunder and so he goes to the scripture in Revelation 10 and this is where brother Brand ties it to and is this the sign of the sir. He said I s I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud rainbow was upon his head and his face was were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. He had in his hand a little book open. He set his right foot upon the sea, his left foot on the earth and cried with a loud voice as when a lion roarth. When he cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write. And I heard a voice from heaven, saying unto me, Seal up those things which are in which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not. And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea, and upon the earth, lifted up his hand to heaven, and swear by him that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are there, that there should be time no longer, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God, should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. So brother Brand picks up on that said it's the seventh angel messenger's job to reveal the mystery of the seven thunders. All right. Now, brother Brown said, "There's only one thing left. That seven thunders we don't know." This was in 1962. He said, "And it would not have thundered in vain." Because he talks about, he said, "Every sound has a significance. God don't do anything just half-hazardly." And seven thunders right in the revelation here Jesus Christ. It's some mystery. He said, "Does not the Bible say that this is the revelation of Jesus Christ?" This is the revelation of Jesus Christ. Why? There is some hidden mystery then of it. What is it? The seven thunders have it. for John was just about to write and the voice come down from heaven said don't write it but seal it seal it up put it on the back side of the book it's got to be revealed it's the mysteries later on brother Brandham takes it and he says well it's not something just on the back side of the book he said but it's something actually in the book right but it was sealed amen so brother Brandham points out that this angel of Revelation 10:1 come down from heaven I'm going somewhere so just hang with me for a minute and he said this angel comes not to the earth. He isn't a man from the earth as the Oh, so many people have missed this. See, brother Brandon wasn't the son of man. This angel was right. The son of man who would reveal himself in a son of man and in a bride and a son of man moves in bride form. That's what a prophet told us. But but but he was not a son of man. He he was a son of man revealing the son of man. This angel come not to the earth. He isn't a man from the earth as the messenger of the church ages. That's finished. But this angel brings the next announcement. Glory to God. People still looking for another messenger, an eighth day or something like that. This angel brought the next announcement. Who is this angel? He said, "An angel means the messenger. He comes down from heaven clothed in that pillar of light cloud with a rainbow over his head." This was, listen to me, church. We got the cloud picture. This was before the cloud picture. He told us what was going to happen. He'd come down from heaven clothed in that pillar of light, cloud with a rainbow over his head. A rainbow was a covenant. It was Christ with one foot on land, one on the sea, and swore time will be no more. Where are we at, sir? What's all this about? He said, I'm asking you. Hallelujah. He said, all the others came from the earth, but this one didn't come from the earth. He Oh, God, I'm so glad. In order to get out of here, church, we had to have a messenger that didn't come from the earth. He come from heaven. And that messenger was not a man, but he lived in a man. and he lives in you and me. That messenger is going to get us out of Leona. That messenger is going to teach us all things. Hallelujah. This one didn't come from the earth. He come down from heaven because the mystery is all finished. And when the mystery is finished, angel said, "Time shall be no more." Seven thunders stood their voices out. He said, "What if?" Oh, he didn't know how close he was. He didn't know how listen to a prophet speaking prophetically because that's what prophets do. What if it's something to let us know how to enter into rapturing faith? Is it will we run leap over walls? Is there something fixing to happen? These old barred, vile bodies are going to be changed. He said, "Can I live to see it, oh Lord? Is it so close that I'll see it? Is this the generation, sir, my brethren? What time is it? Where are we at?" So, you never know when prophecy might become history. So, a few months later, Brother Brandham is hunting hogs. Somebody needs to hunt some hogs around here. Yard was all tore up the other day. He was hunting hogs. And when he was hunting hogs, you know, he said, "I wasn't even thinking about the prophecy." Well, I believe the rapture is going to come like that. one day we're just we're just gonna be going about our everyday business not even thinking about it. He said I wasn't even thinking about the prophecies. He said and I leaned down and pick a copper off of my trousers. Oh my. And he said when he did he heard that blast that he'd heard in the vision. He describes it like this. He said I started up the mountain running as hard as I could on the other side. All of a sudden I thought somebody shot me. I never heard such a blast. shook the whole country. And when it did, standing before me was seven angels in a cluster. And so when it's over, he meets Fred Sman. And Fred Sman tells him, said, "What was it?" He replied, "That was it." What was it? Prophecy becoming history. Are you with me, church? That was it. What did Peter say on the day of Pentecost? This is that. Brother Brandon said that was it. That was what the prophecy from. Is this the sign of the inner sir? Right? And he said that was it. He said, "What will you do?" He said, "Return home for thus sayith the Lord, the seven mysteries that's been hidden the Bible all these years, these denominations and everything. God is going to open those seven mysteries to us in the seven seals." He said there was that circle coming up from the earth like a mist forming when it did and went plump into the mountain begin to circle on westward. He said from the way it comes, science found it after a while 30 miles high, 25 miles across just exactly in the form of a pyramid. I think I put a picture of the cloud in there and he said the other day standing there turn the picture to the right. The picture you remember from the earth was turned the other way but he said turn it to the right. He said and there is Jesus as he was in the seven church ages the white gone showing supreme deity. Hello church and you say well what what did it mean? Brother Bham told us what it meant. He's alpha and omega. He's the first and the last. He's the supreme judge of all eternity standing there to confirm the message of this hour. Listen, we have not followed cunningly devised fables. But prophecy has become history. I'm going somewhere. Hang with me this morning. He he said the white wig on showing supreme deities outfit and omega. He's the supreme judge of all eternity standing there to confirm the message of this hour and there shall be light about the evening time. What was it? That prophecy that Zachchariah prophesied was coming to pass. What's happened upon mount sunset? He said God confirming his word. This is from what is the attraction on the mountain which was preached three years after. Is this the sign of the end sir? What happened in the meantime? The seals were preached. He said that's what all this noise is about. He said notice it's God fulfilling his promised word again of Revelation 10 1-7. In the days of the sounding of the seventh angel's message, the mystery of God should be finished. The hidden mystery of Revelation 10 1-7. The last message to the last church age fulfills exactly in this age. In this age, St. Luke 17:30, the day when the son of man shall be revealed again. He said, I don't have time to read it all to you, but you can go read read the the book or listen to the tape. What is the attraction on the mountain? He says, the God of heaven promised the evening time would have evening lights. Three years ago, this mystery was a prophecy. What time is it, sir? But now, I'm telling you something this morning. I think I think we're kind of missing it. Look, look. What was prophecy? He said, "Now it's history." Can you identify prophecy becoming history? Not just in the message, not just in the life of a prophet, but can you identify it in your own life? Because if you can if you can identify prophecy by the church becoming history in your family, if you can identify prophecy becoming history by the new birth in your own heart, if you can identify prophecy becoming history by God keeping his word on healing and all these other things, then why would it be hard to identify prophecy when it becomes history and our bodies are changed? Hey man, I got to slow down. Now look, not timewise, just I'll get you out of here in time to eat. The ham takes a little time to warm up anyway. Said three years ago, look how a prophet identified this mystery was a prophecy. What time is it? Now it's history. It's passed. The promise is fulfilled. That's powerful. What time is it, sir? And what's this attraction? Look at him. Tie it together. God fulfilling his word. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I know there's people still looking for that to happen, but thank God, prophecy has become history. That prophecy has become history. The evening light has brought the seed to its maturity. We're living in the very top, the very end of the end. How could we put that off into the future? We can't. It's already happened. Right. You know, you you could tell me I don't usually do illustrations on the fly, but you know, you could tell me say, "Brother Ben, when you get to Jonesboro, you'll see Sam's Club because that's the only place we go in Jonesboro." Or seems like when you get to Jonesboro, you'll see Sam's Club. There'll be a sign and you'll see an IHOP sitting in front of it because I always want to go there and never have time when we go to Sam's Club. Have you ever seen an IHOP you didn't want to go into? Just saying. But I but you you tell me that say, "Brother Ben, when you get there, this is coming. It's going to be there." Why? Because you have an insight maybe that I didn't have. But once I've been there, I can't deny. You don't have to tell me. It's already happened. When I got there, IHOP was there and I ate the pancakes and I went to Sam's Club and spent $600. And it happened. I can't deny that. And you can keep telling me, "Brother Ben, when you get there, this is what's going to happen." No, that that's that's something that already happened. Amen. What I need to know is what's going to happen. Are you with me now? Something has already happened. A prophet has already come. Hallelujah. He already revealed the mysteries. The seven thunders were already already sounded. The the the the mystery. They were the mysteries contained in the seals. That's what brother Brandham said they were. I don't have to look for nothing else. It already happened. I can't deny. I don't have to be equivocical about it. I've already been there. I've seen it. Once I've seen it, I can't unsee it. But what's in the future? Look at 1 Thessalonians 4:16. For the Lord himself should ascend from heaven with a shout. Now wait just a minute. That was prophecy. That's history. Because brother Brandon told us a shout. What is the shout? It's the message going first. The living bread of life bringing forth the bride. Hallelujah. I know there will be a literal change of the body, but he's already on his way. See, you can't. It's already set in motion. That ought to give us an assurance, church. I know people the big reluctance to say, "Well, if I believe the message, if I go to a message church, I got to live like this." It's not that hard when you realize what he's already done, right? He's already promised to live in you. He's already promised to help you. He's already promised the the same one who was showed himself in the clouds. The same one who come down on Mount Sunset. The same one who spoke the word. The same one who revealed the secret of the heart said, "I'll be with you. I'll be in you even to the end of the age." That same church, that same son of man is still here today to live in your body. He wants to reveal himself through you and through me. He wants you to be like him. To have many sons and daughters. The sheath that was waved over us now has come back. It's a wave loaf. We've been we've been baked in the heat of the hour under the under the word of the hour and now we come forth what God wants us to be. Brother Brown said to be bread on his table. Hallelujah. He has descended with a shout. Said with the voice of the archangel, with the trump of God, the dead in Christ shall rise first. Now that's prophecy. Now look what what are we waiting on? What's left? The dead in Christ shall rise first. That's why you have to rightly divide the word. Right? Just like Malachi 4, Malachi 3, Malachi 4, you have to rightly divide between John and brother Brandon, right? You got to rightly divide it. You got to rightly divide 1 Thessalonians 4. What's already happened? What's looking we're looking for? What are we looking for? Dead in Christ. Prophecy has become history. We're waiting on the dead in Christ to rise. 1 Thessalonians 4:17. Then Hallelujah. We which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds. Hallelujah. Oh, we come in a cloud. But he said we'll be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so shall we ever be with the Lord. I've read that over and over again standing at gravesides. I don't know how many times I stood at a graveside as we as we bury the body of a saint and I've read this scripture. I almost always read it as we commit the body to the dust because I want people to know we believe that some morning prophecy is going to become history. Oh, that ought to give us hope today, church. It ought to it ought to put courage in our heart to live the word to do what God's called us to do. Someday it's going to become history. I know you're looking forward to life and things and some of y'all brother Riley's getting married just about to go on a honeymoon and and he's looking forward to that trip and the things and being married and but I'll tell you what, some morning. It may be while you're on your honeymoon. It might be this morning. It might be the next week or the next year. I don't know when, but some morning we're going to start seeing our loved ones come. And when we see them start to come, what's going to happen? Suddenly, he said a great sweep will go over us. will be changed from these bodies into bodies like his glorious body all of a sudden will be gone. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Prophecy becoming history. Behold, I show you a mystery. This was prophecy. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump. For the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. Prophecy. Some of you elders may go by way of the grave. Some of our younger people might. God forbid. But yet, that happens. But we stand on this truth that the God who made himself present in our day and stood there on Mount Sunset. That same God who stood in a prophet, that same God who changed my life, that same God who brought who is the reason why this church exists, that same God that you feel his presence this morning, that same God one morning is going to change your body. said someday a sweep will come over us. The moment in the twinkle of an eye, the last trump the trumpet shall sound. The dead shall be raised incorruptible and we shall be changed. What is that sweep that comes over us? Prophecy becoming history. Brother said the same presence that you feel. That's why we love him so much. That's why we spend time in his presence. That's why we don't hurry but we worship him. Even at the end of the service, we want to lift our hands and worship him. Why? That same presence that we feel. It's the same presence that's going to take us home. Hallelujah. Might be washing the dishes as a man wipeth the dish. Found out the other day that was for men. I didn't know that. Thank you, Sister Allison. I appreciate that revelation. You men might be standing there wiping the dish and one day that moment you don't you may not be doing something spiritual but in a moment in the twinkling of an eye at the last trump the dead shall be raised incorruptible and we shall be changed when the presence of God comes among us comes into the service. Many will say, "Who is this?" And those who really believe said, "But you don't know what's about to happen. This is prophecy becoming history." And the if this part became history, if he's coming riding down the mountain, then the part about him dying for our sins and being raised again on the third day, that must be true as well. It happened, church. What was it? There was a few that believed. Many said, "Who is this?" But there was a few who said, "Hosana. Hosana to the king." Hallelujah. They recognized that he was about, oh church, he was about to fulfill all the prophecies that had been spoken of a Messiah because he fulfilled one. What did he do in our day? Oh church, he come and fulfilled Malachi 4. He come and fulfilled Revelation 10 1-7. He come and fulfill Revelation or Luke 17:30. What was he doing? He was showing us if this happened, then this other's got to happen. If he could come and and restore the hearts of the people back, then he must come and change our bodies. Hallelujah. And they the Pharisees said, "Oh, we got some Pharisees today." But the Pharisees said, "Make them hold their peace. They're too loud." And Jesus said, "If they hold their peace, the rocks will cry out." You don't understand. It's a simulation of revelation. Prophecy is becoming history. Oh, thank the Lord. I'm seeing it today. I'm seeing it with eyes of faith. I don't look at the I don't I'm not going to look at the doom and gloom. I'm not going to look at the world. I'm not going to look at the condition of the people, but I'm going to look at the promise that's said in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. I'm looking at the promise of a restored people. And I believe I'm looking at that restored people. I'm looking at a bride without spot or wrinkle washed in the blood of the lamb. What prophecy could become history this morning? Think about it. In his presence, prophecy becomes history. Hallelujah. And when you recognize that prophecy becoming history, how can we hold our peace? Hallelujah. John 14:12, this is prophecy. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me. works that I do shall he do also and greater works than these shall he do because I go to my father. Mark 16:17, this is prophecy. These signs shall follow them that believe my name. They shall they cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. If they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Hallelujah. Prophecy. Now look, them disciples received quickening power on the day of Pentecost. The brother said, "What did they do?" They went out and laid hands on the sick and they recovered. What happened, church? Prophecy became history. Jesus said in Mark 16, "It'll continue on to the end of the world." I know people don't believe in laying on of hands today, but Jesus said it'll continue to the end of the world. How long? To the apostles age. Go you into all the world, preach the gospel to every creature. These signs will follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover. He said that's the quickening power like was on Elijah's bone. Elisha's bones. Now file that in your memory for next week. That's the quickening power like was on Elisha's bones. And the same quickening power. Someone say the same. The same quickening power. Listen to me, church. Hallelujah. Is upon the saints that raised them up. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And if listen, the ones that raised in Jesus time were raised up by the quickening power. And if that same, someone say with me, same quickening power is in us. Lay your hands on the sick. He didn't say just preachers. He said believers. I'm closing now. He didn't say just preachers, believers, lay your hands on the sick. Hallelujah. When that baby gets is sick and and need somebody lay hands on them. Lay your hands on the sick. Oh, I I love you. If you if you call for your pastor, I'd love to pray for your children, pray for you. But don't you realize that you have that same quickening power that I believe I have inside of me? That same quickening power is inside of you. And you can lay hands on the sick and they shall not they might but they shall recover. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said, "I've noticed here I've almost quit having discernment anymore." Everybody says, "Oh, if we only had discernment back." Brother Brandham said, "I I've noticed I'm not using." And you'll notice the end of his ministry, he doesn't use it as much. He said, "I've almost quit having discernment anymore. Just lay my hands on the sick." First of all, he said, "I could get to more people." He said, "I found out better results. I love this. By just getting myself into God's arms and saying, "Lord God, you promised it. It's your promises. It's your promise. It's not mine. It's yours. And you promised you would do it. And I've seen you do it." Oh, that's how you'd crawl up in his arms. Just remind him of his promises. I've seen you do it. I'm going to believe you're going to do it because I've been baptized into your body and your spirit here to identify. That's the truth. Now, I want to challenge you this morning before the musicians come. Before they come, while you're sitting in your seats, I want to challenge you this morning. Do you believe that prophecy can become history right here? Many of you at the beginning of the service raised your hand. You had a need in your life. Do you believe that the person sitting next to you has got quickening power? That you've got quickening power in your hands. Hallelujah. Where was the quickening power? Was in the body. Was in the body of believers. Hallelujah. Elisha was a type of the bride. I'm getting I'm getting into next week. Elisha was a type of the bride and the quickening power is in the body. Then if we can believe that today, all things are possible. I want you to lay hands on one another. Brother, sis, brother and sister in in the order of the of the Lord. Just lay hands on somebody. If you don't have somebody sitting right by you, find somebody to lay hands on. That touch matters. Oh my. Oh my. Do you believe that prophecy can become history right now? Do you believe as I lay my hands I'm gonna lay my hands on these young men and you young men lay hands on one another. Prophecy can become history right now. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. That's a prophecy and it's about to become history by the laying on of hands. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we lift our voices to you. We lift our hearts to you today, oh God. Lord, as we pray one for another, I pray, God, that you'd heal this young man and these young men on the front row, oh God, I pray you'd strengthen them, Lord. I pray you'd move through them, oh God. I pray for the church this morning and each one Lord as through the laying on of hands of believers God that they would be healed that they would be delivered that they would be strengthened oh God I know Lord it's not the strength of my prayer but you said the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availth much and I don't stand in my own righteousness today but I stand upon the blood of Jesus Christ and we condemn every devil and every every sickness and every every bit of thing that would exalt itself against you every backsliding condition. Lord, we cast it out this morning and we believe that healing will come to the body. I pray you grant it right now, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Do you believe? Come on, church. Prophecy just became history. If you can believe it, you have what you asked for today because you could believe it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why don't you worship him this morning? Why don't we just raise our hands to him and worship him? Musicians, go ahead and come. Let's just worship him this morning. Lord, you we love you today. We thank you for your mercy. Thank you that prophecies become history. Thank you, Lord, that it can still happen in our day. That that remains a prophecy to every person that can believe it and make it history down to the end of time. I thank you for it, Lord. I worship you today, Lord Jesus. I thank you for your love. I thank you for your goodness. Thank you for healing. Thank you for power, Lord. Thank you for the renewal of the church. Thank you for revival, oh God. Thank you for oranges again in the top of the tree that can be that original fruit. I thank you for it, Lord. Hallelujah. We love you, Jesus. We thank you for the place you brought us. Hallelujah. We worship you. We worship you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you need special prayer, you're welcome to come. But I believe the prophecies become history right among us this morning. Hallelujah. Let's stand together. Let's worship him. I believe his presence is here. I've done all I can do to try to turn your minds and your hearts to stir up your pure minds. You know these things, but to let you know he's here. If he's here, anything is possible. Let prophecy become history in your life. Lord, I've been holding on for my healing, but today I believe, Lord, I believe. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. In the name of Jesus. Oh yes. Break every chain every chain. Thank you Lord. Oh if you believe it today, sing with all your heart. Break every chain. Oh thank you Lord. Oh break every chain. Oh we ought to worship him just like they did when they saw him come down the mountain. When they cried out Hosana to the king. Hallelujah. There is power. in the name of Jesus. [Music] Oh, sing it now. There is power. Hallelujah. Oh, I thank you for quickening power, Lord. Oh, there is power. Oh, thank you, Lord. I believe he's here this morning. If you have a need, just receive it. Lead for it this morning in the name of Jesus. Oh, break every chain. Thank you, Lord. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the blood of Jesus. There is power in the blood of Jesus. There is power. in the blood of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every [Music] chain. Break every chain. There's a bride. Oh, there's a bride. She's right up. There's a bride. She's up. Yes, there's a bride. [Music] She's break. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's power in the name. There is power in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Let's sing that rise above it all again. Above it all. Rise above it all. I'm going fly it all. Is that what you're going to do? I'm going to rise above it all. I'm going to rise above it all. I'm going take my wings and fly above it all. That's your testimony. Why don't you lift your hands to it? [Music] above it [Music] all. Rise above it all. I'm going to take my wings and fly [Music] away. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Just before we go, let's sing that song. Come on over here. I think it's the key of F as well. Come on over here where the table is [Music] going. There's victory. There's victory over here. There's victory over here where the table is. Put your hands together. There's joy over the feast of the Lord. There's joy over here where the table is going on. Amen. Give the Lord another hand. Clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Just before we go, remember next week there'll only be one service for Easter, Sunday morning service there. Also today, please have the younger two Sunday school classes stay in the sanctuary after service for choir practice so young people don't run off. Stay for choir practice immediately following the service. Amen. Let's sing that song. I'm a soldier in the army of the Lord. I think did we Yeah, we lowered this to death. Amen. Let's sing this just before we go. [Music] army in this army. I'm a soldier in the army of [Music] the army. I'm a lord. I'm a soldier in this army. I'm a soldier in the army of the Lord. I'm a soldier. You're free to go in the name of the [Music] Lord. Lord, let me sing in this army. If I sing in the army of the Lord in the army of the Lord, let me fight in the army of the Lord. I [Music] fight in the army of the Lord in the army of Yes, I'm a [Music] [Music] [Music]
