################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - "The New Pope" Pastor Ben Pruitt 5/7/25 - Ben Pruitt - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   "The New Pope" Pastor Ben Pruitt 5/7/25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKLkj3HnWfk
========================================

[Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] I know that you [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Spirits moveing me to give my Oh, he speaks to me. Oh, and [Music] I Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. Sing that first verse. I went to hear the word and with each line and phrase he was calling me to give a higher praise. And there's a deep call to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. Now I know for sure I'll reach the goal cuz I feel the pull. Sing that chorus again. I feel the P. Oh, I hear the call. [Music] And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me. Oh, and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the [Music] poor. Amen. Just welcome back to the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. Just enter in and worship with us. And let's sing that song if we could. Key of C at Calvary. And maybe you could turn down these monitors just a little bit up here. these floor [Music] corners. Well, years I've spent in vanity and pride, caring not. My Lord was crucified, knowing not it was for me he died. Oh Calary, oh for mercy there was great and grace was free. Hearten there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at calary. And by God's word, at last my sin I learned. Then I trembled at the law. I turned till my guilty soul and glory returned to [Music] Calary. Oh for mercy there was great and grace was free. heart there was multiplied to me. There my burdened soul found liberty at Calary. And now I've given to Jesus everything. Now I gladly own him as my king. Now my raptured soul can only sing of Calary. Oh for mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. Bear my burden soul thou liberty at Calary. Last verse. And oh the love that true salvation's plan. Oh the grace that brought it down to men. Oh, the mighty gold that God did spend at Calary. Oh, for mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found [Music] libertary. Maybe give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Let's sing a song. I'm trusting and resting. Good key of F. Amen. Let's start with a let's start with a chorus there. I'm trusting and [Music] resting in the promise of God. I'm trusting and resting while this earth I try with the word of God down in my soul. It gives my Jesus complete control. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. Each day I am walking, trusting in his [Music] plan. I'll keep pressing onward until I reach that [Music] land. My father knows just what I need. I'll look to him and let him lead. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God with all our hearts. trusting and resting in the promise of God. I'm trusting and resting while on this earth I try with the word of God down in my soul. It gives my Jesus complete control. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. Last verse. I'm looking to Jesus to meet every need. I've taken him always that he hears my please. My faith believes what it cannot see. I'm seeking him daily down on my knees. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. Why don't you turn around and greet your neighbor in the name of the Lord? [Music] to meet every need. I'm thanking him always that he hears my [Music] fleece. My faith believes what it cannot see. I'm seeking him daily down on my knees. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. Y'all sounding good. Let's sing it again. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. I'm trusting and resting. on this earth. I try with the word of God down in my soul. It gives my Jesus complete control. I'm trusting and resting in the promise of God. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of [Music] [Applause] praise. Some days drag, some days fly. Some days I think of the day I'll die. Some days feel me. Some days. Oh, but one day Jesus will call my name. Oh, one day Jesus will call my name. As days go by, I hope I don't stay the same. I want to get so close to him. It's no big change on the day that Jesus calls my name. Most days I pray. Some days I hurt. A sad number of days I have put myself first. It's not what I do. The cross made that plain. Oh, and one day Jesus will call my name. Oh, one day Jesus will call my name. As days go by, I hope I don't stay the same. I want to get so close to him. It's no big change on the day. Amen. Let's sing it once again to him. My name one day Jesus will call my name. As days go by, I hope I don't stay the same. I want to get so close to him. It's no big change on the day. Oh, calls my name. Can we give the Lord another hand, clap, and praise? And you looking forward to that day. Amen. Maybe if you just want to play something softly as the ushers would come tonight. We have several several written requests this evening. Amen. So, we just want to be praying for these. Um, this is from Sister Janie. Um, this is for for Sister Luella. It's asking prayer for her and her family. Uh, Sister Luella's younger brother uh passed away and uh two days later her mom's brother passed away as well. So, just be praying for Sister Luella there and their family. that God would just send a comforting peace to them. Amen. Then we've also um got a request. It says I think brother West and Sister Gloria um tonight. Um I think sister Gloria is having a a biopsy in the morning so at St. Louis. Um so just be praying for them. Um, Glorella, I'm sorry. Uh, just be praying for them. I think she's going to have a biopsy tomorrow in St. Louis. Um, and then Sister Hela Naomi, she's having an ultrasound tomorrow, so just be praying for our sister there. And then also, uh, please pray for Brother Ron Spencer. Um, he's in in pain from the kidney biopsy. So, just be praying for them for Brother Ron there that God would just send a special touch his way. Um, and this says, "Please pray for uh Luther King. He's been readmitted in the hospital and for his wife Betty." So, just be praying for that fame there. And then I believe Allison, the boys are home, not feeling well. So, just be praying for them. Amen. So, a lot of requests this evening. Amen. We serve a mighty God. If you have an unspoken request, if you just want to make it known by the uplifting of your hand, ask our brother David take these needs for us. Hearly, Father, Lord, we just come before you tonight. And Lord, just looking forward to the service, Lord. We just want to give you praise and thanks, Lord, for your greatness, Lord, your goodness to us. Just looking forward to your word and what you have to speak to us tonight, Lord. Just bring these requests before you now. You see, heard each one that was read. Lord, you knew the need, but you told us to ask, Lord. So, we just bring each request before you, Lord. You just move, Lord, mightily on our behalf, Lord. May there just be great testimonies. Go forth, Lord. Sister Glorella, Lord, just touch her body, Lord. may all be well with her kidneys and things that's going on there. Lord, just looking for a miracle, Lord. Brother Ron, the different needs among us, Lord. Just touch them, Lord, and by your mighty hand. Just bring this service to you now, Lord. Bless our offering tonight, Lord. And bless our brother Ben as he speaks, Lord. Just move move on him, Lord, and just speak through him, Lord, to hear through us, Lord. May we worship you with all of our heart this evening in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Man, you can be seated as the ushers come by. Holy is the Lord. For he is [Music] holy, [Music] holy, holy is the Lord. [Music] He is [Music] holy. He's holy. Holy [Music] is the Lord. Can we lift our hands and sing it to him again? He is holy. He's holy. [Music] Holy is the Lord. For he is [Music] holy. He is holy. Holy. [Music] Holy is the [Music] Lord. Amen. He certainly is a holy God. We have a request for Sister Tanya and mom to sing tonight. So, Amen. Sister Tanya, if you'd like to come. Amen. Testing. Testing. [Music] Out on the waterers, storms raging high. The waters around them trouble their mind. and fear filled their hearts. And they thought they would die, but they failed to remember. And the master was not he spoke the words and the winds all stood still. Even the waters obey his will. And he calmed their storms just like he will mind if I just remember. But he lives inside. Oh, why should I worry? Why should I fear when this very same Jesus? He is always so near. He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I call on his name. Till the storm passes by. We read in the Bible how he walked with him. He brought light to the darkness when the way he grew. Oh, how great it would be to have his footsteps in mind to walk with the master all of the time. And when trials come and death seems so night, I'll call on the master. I know he'll be there on time. And when sickness comes and my body's in pain, all I have to do is simply call on his name. Oh, why should I worry? Why should I fear? When the very same Jesus, he's always so near. He lives in my heart. And he hears when I cry. I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. Oh, why should I worry? Why should I fear when this very same Jesus? He is always so near. He lives in my heart. And he hears when I cry. I call on his name till the storm passes by. I'll call on his name till the storm passes [Music] [Applause] by. Amen. Did you enjoy that special this evening? Let's give her another hand. And I think Sister Char is going back home. Amen. She's been a blessing to have with us. You know, I like her, but I question her judge of character cuz she's friends with mom. But other than that, she seems like a pretty good pretty good lady. So, amen. You love the Lord this evening. It's okay to laugh in church, especially if it's your parents. So, amen. Let's sing that song if we could. We've been made more than conquerors. Key of G. Oh, we've been made more than [Music] coner, overcomers in this life. We've been made [Music] victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, we've been made more than coners, overcomeers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood. If you believe that tonight, why don't you slip your hand up and sing it to him again? Oh, we've been made more than coner, overcomeers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Once again, oh, we've been made more than coner, overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. And just before we have brother Ben come, we'll sing the song. Jesus draw me close. Jesus, draw me close, close, Lord, to [Music] you. Let this world around me fade away. [Music] And Jesus, draw me close, closeer, Lord, to you. For I desire to worship and oy. Can we make that our prayer tonight? Jesus, draw me close, close, Lord, to you. Let the world around me fade away. And Jesus draw me closeer Lord to you for I desire to worship and oy. Can we stand and sing that together again? Oh Jesus, draw me close, closeer, Lord, to you. Let this world around me fade away. [Music] Jesus, draw me close, closeer, Lord, to you. For I desire to worship and [Music] obey. Amen. Let's sing that song. Invite our pastor to come this evening. Amen. I just want to please the Lord. Amen. I believe that's the key of C. I forgot to mention we're just going to have one service this coming Sunday. So, just be remembering that. Be Mother's Day. So just be remembering that coming up this Sunday one service. Amen. As we invite brother Ben to come. I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday." Oh, I just want to please the [Music] Lord in his will in every way. Won't you be lost into his presence? Found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday." Can we sing it one more time? Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Oh granted, Lord, we want our lives to be pleasing in his will in every way. Oh to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday." We bow our heads together for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, I'm so grateful to be in your house tonight and to think of all that you've done for us, the many blessings that you've given. Lord, what would we do to return to you? What you've given to us. We couldn't do it, Lord. But as David said, Lord, may we pay our vows in the house of the Lord, lift our hands and worship, Lord. May we take the cup of salvation and drink from it, Lord, and and become everything that you want us to be to be pleasing to you, Lord. It's our desire tonight. Pray that you'd move me out of the way and speak, Lord, in this service. I pray that the word would be clear to us, Lord. We'd recognize the day and the hour in which we live. Pray for you'd bless each one. We don't know what need they brought in, but we know that you can meet that need. And I pray that you'd do it tonight. We thank you and we commit this service into your hands. in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Uh 2 Thessalonians chapter 2 and verse one. And we'll read down uh through verse 10 or 12 there. 2 Thessalonians 2 and 1. Uh I don't think brother Allan mentioned it, but it's him and Jany's anniversary today. God bless you. Thank you. 14 years. I think he didn't do it. I did. So, but uh we sure appreciate them and and uh brother Allen uh has he prioritizes his family and I really appreciate that about brother Allen. And I believe the Lord will raise up some uh mighty warriors from that family. And I see Mattney. Matney's got a little leadership quality about him already. I've watched him with the young people. So, we sure appreciate that family and trust the Lord will just have his way with them. And we appreciate all of you. Good to be back with you tonight and and uh bring greetings from Brother Wilson and the folks there in Chicago and we had a wonderful time, wonderful service, but then Brother Joel was up in Wisconsin and he's still up there helping his father-in-law with some things and so uh we'd just be praying for him on the way home. 2 Thessalonians chapter 2 and verse one says, "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that you be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter, as from us, that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of predition, who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped, so that he that he as God, siteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God, but he ain't God, right? Uh he he shows himself that he is God, but he's not God. Remember you not that when I was yet with you, I told you these things, and now you know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time. For the mystery of iniquity doth already work, only he who now letth will let or he who now hinderth will hinder until he be taken out of the way. He's preventing the that man of sin from being revealed. And then shall that wicked be revealed whom the Lord shall consume with the power shall consume with the spirit of his mouth and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming even him whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders with all deceivleness of unrighteousness in them that perish because they receive not the love of the truth. Aren't you glad you have a love for the truth tonight that they might be saved? We'll just stop there for now. Keep your Bibles open if you will. God bless you. You can be seated. I want to speak to you tonight on the next pope. The next pope. Kind of an odd subject title, but just to kind of get your attention tonight uh as we're meeting together to worship God. The cardinals of the Catholic Church are locked in the Vatican. Uh they closed the doors today. I watched them close the doors and they uh uh they did all their ceremony and took their oath and they all gathered together to strategize and and choose politically who would be the next pope, who would be the next leader of the world's 1.4 billion Catholics. and and we see the world looking at that and everybody's watching it and and it's amazing me how much news coverage that that gets if if they change the leader of the Southern Baptist Convention, nobody cares and don't really make the news or they change the leader of the Lutheran Church or something like that. But when they change the leader of the Catholic Church, the whole world looks at it and wonders at it and and and it is wonderful in that sense to watch. Like it's amazing what they do. It's amazing they're able to put them in there. Nobody leaks anything out of there until the pope is is called and we're just we're just sitting there with baited breath looking for some white smoke to come up out of a chimney. We're not looking for literal smoke tonight, but we're looking for the glory of God to fill the temple of God and for the power of God to be with us. Don't we look for that every every service? We look for that because we're not we're not looking to a man. We're not looking for a superman or or some man to come and and be a a mediator between us and God, but we are looking for to Christ the the only mediator that he's here with us tonight as he promised he would be. So, we have a different attitude towards this maybe than most people would. And and I think those of us are in the message that we look at this and we're looking for something to happen and and we need to be informed and I want to make sure that we know what time we're living in. I don't often preach about current events, but I want us to know what's going on. And I also want us to uh be aware and that we don't overreact in in in a situation. But sometimes people can be disappointed. I remember when Hillary Clinton didn't win the presidency that there were people who were actually disappointed and and I wasn't one of them, but there were people actually disappointed that we didn't have a woman uh president. And yet, if you run that back and look at what Brother Brandham actually said over and over, he said that would be a church. It' be a church. And yet, there could be another fulfillment of that. There may be a woman president, but we know the main thing it was a church that that was Antichrist in its system. And and so we don't want to get to looking at the wrong thing, but but there's a quote where brother Brandham talks about the next pope. And he said, I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together. Now, notice what he's talking about. It's at that time when the United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy, then they'll form an image like unto the beast. So I think a lot of us as message people were I know I am I'm always watching for a pope to come out of the United States right because brother Brandham said that and I think that's okay to do that to watch for that as something that we would do but yet it's not all that there that brother Brandham said about that and but he said that they'll put over there according to prophecy notice that he said then they'll form an image liken to the beast he said and I tell you the true church of God will be drove together the real true believers out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, Holiness, whatever they'll be go together and cemented by the love of God that will make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ all the believers. And he said the agnostics and shallow-minded will be cast to one side. They'll go right on into the confederation of churches. Now, brother Brandham says that not in the seals or or in his later ministry, but in 1954, actually on December 19th, and the date is actually important when he said it because when brother Brandham said that, uh, he there was a 78-year-old pope at that time, Pope Pas I 12th, if I'm getting my Roman numerals right, and he was laying on what was thought to be his deathbed. All that year, Pope Pas laid on his deathbed. I know some of y'all looking at me like, "What in the world does this have to do with us?" But we're going to get there after a while, y'all. Just stay with me. But but he was laying on uh his deathbed. And in fact, at that time, they had called in the physicians. They had actually said that he his kidneys were failing right then. Uh at the time, Brother Brandham spoke that it was in the news that the pope was clearly dying. The signs of life were faint. His breathing, they said he couldn't even cloud a mirror with his breath. the whole world knew that he was dying. People were joining together and praying and looking up at the the windows looking for a sign. And and that pope was actually supposedly miraculously healed after seeing a vision, which was interesting because God was working uh in vision with brother Brandham at that time. And yet the Pope claimed to see a vision of Christ. And but it wasn't until he gave his Christmas Day address on December 25th that the world knew he was okay, which was several days after brother Brandham's sermon. So keep that context in your mind. Now when brother Brandham says this, there's a lot going on while brother Brandham was alive, especially during his later ministry. There's a whole lot going on that can that had to do with the pope and the Catholic Church. Of course, we all know about John Kennedy getting elected was the first Catholic president. You know, when Biden got elected as the second Catholic president, hardly anybody noticed. But when John Kennedy was elected, it was a big deal. Some of y'all remember that because he was Catholic. And if you do remember that, I you know, praise the Lord. Uh you've been you've been on this earth a long time. But but uh but many of you all do. And and uh so that pope was pope uh John the the pope that succeeded pope pas was Pope John the 23rd I believe and he was the one who called the second Vatican council. So during this time of brother Brandham's ministry this was in I think 1962 or something like that they called the second Vatican council which was unique in that it's what opened up the Catholic church. That's where they changed the the mass from Latin to English. So finally after thousands of years people could understand what they were saying in church and uh and and and so they changed the mass to English and they opened the church up and he and he called the pope called for all the leaders of all the denominations to come in to to Rome and meet with him and talk about unity. It's the very first time that the Catholics had done that. The World Council of Churches had been formed a few years before, but they but the the Catholics weren't actually a part of that, but they actually they actually called everybody in. Now, uh and then he died and the next one, Pope Paul the the uh 6th or the 11th, visited Jerusalem in December, actually the 6th, Pope Paul the 6th, visited Jerusalem in December 1964. I told you I don't know my Roman numerals. And and while he was there, you remember brother Brandham calls attention to it because there was a total eclipse of the moon. And when the moon went into the eclipse, Brother Brandham saw the pictures of that and he said it looks just like the church ages. So if you have a church age book, there's a picture of what brother Brandham drew of the church ages, the light in each age. There's also a picture of that eclipse at that time because it was a big deal. The first time a pope ever visited Jerusalem in 2,000 years was in December 1964. So the popes at that time were trying to uh bring an ecumenical move, trying to bring people together at that time. And we've seen a return of that in the last few years. It seemed like that got quiet for a long time. But then a few years ago, I believe it was Pope Francis that called for the Pentecostals. Do you remember many of us were saw that the Pentecostals came in and Kenneth Copeland and some of them brothers they they they said oh it's a wonderful thing and and how that they had a a priest that spoke in tongues and was charismatic and they all went and had an audience with the pope and he even spoke to them at that time and so this pope and many people thought well that's a return of that time. So, we've seen that now. It is in that context of all this going on that brother Brandham says the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy and then they'll form an image like to the beast. Now, in Revelation 13, let's go to Revelation 13. If you uh want to turn there with me tonight and we'll just have a little bit of a Bible study. I trust you you have your Bibles or you can follow along on the screen. Revelation 13 and1. And this is John. of course he's seeing a symbol and he said I and and listen the symbol was what John saw what was written and then this day we have the revelation of the symbol so if anybody ever asked you are the seven thunders revealed absolutely because we know what wasn't known right what the symbol means and the the fact that we know what the symbols means the thunders have been revealed and the seals have been opened and I'm thankful for that tonight. So, we're on the other side of that. We know what it means. So, Revelation 13:1, I stood upon the sand of the sea and saw a beast rise up out of the sea having seven heads and 10 horns. And upon his horns, 10 crowns. Now, if you go back, I think I have it written in my Bible. I was writing some tonight and trying to keep my place. And uh you'll find the seven heads are seven mountains because that's where the remember the the in Revelation 17. She sat on seven uh mountains and that's Rome, right? A city with seven hills and and the 10 horns, brother Brandham said, was 10 dictators. They had power as kings, but they had no kingdom. And so and and so this is who the beast was. So he it wasn't just a single person, but he represented the power. And so he rose up and uh out of the upon and rose up out of the sea among the people and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. And the beast which I saw was like to a leopard. His feet were as the feet of a bear. His mouth is the mouth of a lion. The dragon gave him his power and his seat and great authority. So he got his power from the devil. And and this was that Roman system that raised up and and I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death and his deadly wound was healed and all the world wandered after the beast. So you find that the pagan Rome fell and it looked like they they got they were sacked by the by the pagans looked like all uh by uh uh by by the people that come in the Germans come in and sacked Rome and they looked like it was over but yet they survived and pagan Rome became papal Rome and they ruled the world again during the middle ages. So it says his deadly wound was healed and all the world wondered after the beast and they worshiped the dragon which gave power unto the beast. They worshiped the beast, saying, "Who is like unto the beast? Who is able to make war with him?" And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies. And power was given to unto him to continue 42 months. And he opened his mouth and blasphemy against God to blaspheme his name. And his tabernacle and them that dwell in heaven. Remember remember he had names of blasphemies on him. uh that was actually uh brother Brandham preaches a sermon on that and he said that's an organizational name instead of being known as a Christian they're known as whatever organization they belong to and so he he spoke words of blasphemy and it was given to him to make war with the saints and and overcome them and power was given him over all kindred and tongues and nations and all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life I'm so glad there's the key right there all will worship him whose names are not written in the book of life. So the ones whose names are written will not worship him and slain from the foundation of the world. He said, "If any man have an ear, let him hear. He that leadth into captivity shall go into captivity. He that kleth with the sword must be killed with the sword." Here's the patience and the faith of the saints. I hope you don't get tired of reading tonight, but I just wanted to lay this in before I I wanted to talk to you what about what was on my heart. But in Revelation 13:1, it says, "I beheld another beast." Now, Brother Brandham identified what this beast was. We won't have a pop quiz tonight, but but the this beast is actually the US, the United States. So, when brother Brandham talks about a pope coming out of the US according to prophecy, I I believe this is what he's talking about. Now, he also speaks of prophecy about his own ministry when he saw the vision of the woman or church, right, that would rule. And so he always refers to that as a prophecy of the church as well. But here he's talking here is prophecy in the scripture that speaks of the United States. Brother Brham said the number the United States is 13. 13 stars, 13 stripes, 13 original colonies. He said it was 13 and and it was identified as a woman. And Revelation 13:11, it said, "I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth. He had two horns like a lamb and he spake as a dragon. So he come in with freedom of worship, freedom of speech, right? He come in as a lamb. But when he spake, he spake as a dragon. I'm afraid we're getting to that dragon phase right about now in politics. And he exercises all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth, and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. and he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell in the earth, it should make an image to the beast which had the wound by a sword and did live. Now remember, a beast is a power. It's a it's a political power or a national power or a satanic power. So, and he had power to give life to the image of the beast. So they made an image of the beast that the image of the beast or so it's something like the beast that looks like the beast but it's not the beast. Yeah. Right. So it's something it's an organization. Right. It's it's a it's a controlling organization just like the original one was. And so uh he he uh had power to give image to the to give life to the image of the beast that it should speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. I think a lot of people think that, well, brother Brandham taught that the Catholics would control the US one day. No, it's the image of the beast that that brings on the tri uh the the the persecution during the tribulation period. It's the image of the beast that does that. That's not Rome. That's actually the World Council of Churches or the ecumenical move in the US. So, it'll be American Christians, not the Pope, who bring about the persecution on the people in the United States. But we're going to show you something here in a little while. Now, now he causes all both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads. And that mark, the brand of taught us was already here. And it was to do the will uh with the right hand to do the will and to have the doctrine of that beast. And he said that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name. And he goes on to say the number of his name is 666 which is literally written on the crown of the pope. So the the second beast is the United States which forms the council of churches the image and forces all to worship it. Brother Brandham says the false church groups will come together in a world council of churches and this world council of churches is the image erected to the beast. You can find that the World Council of Churches is alive and well today and just this year they're planning for another big get together, right? You know, if we're watch these things and again, I don't want us just to get our eyes on these things because there's a lot going on right here as well. And the big thing we need to have our eyes on is how can I be pleasing to God? How can I serve him? How I I want my kids to have the Holy Ghost. My young people, that's what we need to have our eyes on. And yet this is going on all the time in the background, right? So we don't want to just get our eyes off on that, but we can see it and know what's going on. And you look at what's happening right now that it's been 1700 years. This year is the centennial of the Nyian council. And so they're bringing another council together, the world council of churches this year to bring people together for the purpose of unity because they they're honoring that Nikian council. But we know the Nian council as the place and the time where they changed the baptism, right? They changed baptism from the name of the Lord Jesus Christ to the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. And that right there is where they they put him out of the church. They they don't even they speak names. They use names of blasphemy instead of the name of God. Right? So now they're honoring that. And so the world council of churches is planning a year of activities this year to mark the council of Nika which was they call a key moment in the history of Christian faith and for the ecumenical journey. Now the word ecumenical that's a big word but it just means uh it just means among all the churches unity among all the churches. So at the center of the WCC's activities in 2025 will be the holding of the sixth world conference on faith and order bringing together church leaders and theologians of different traditions and and ecumen ecumenist if that's how you say it. The six world order conference will approach the theme where now for visible unity from the interconnected vantage points of faith mission and unity. So now they're going to mark the anniversary of Nika with another council. I I wonder church how close we are to the end time. Remember this is what was happening and why a prophet was raising the alarm. If you go back to in the 1960s and late 1960s you'll find brother Brandham over and over again telling Pentecostals don't join that ecumenical move. And he and he looked at David Duplesus who was Mr. Pentecost at that time and he went to Rome and said, "Well, I felt the presence of God." He said, "You don't know that that's the devil, right? You're going by feelings instead of by the word." He said, "Because the word says that that's wrong, right?" He's pointing to that going on at that time. And here we are. It's going on again, right? Where are we at? And a new pope about to come on now. Now, there there was seeds being sown then. Seeds being sown. You know, whatever you sow, you got to reap, right? And so, we want to sew good seeds. We want to sew whatever we put in is what we'll get out. That's true of service. It's true of our lives. It's true of our families. It's true of everything that we do. Whatever we put in, whatever effort we put in, that's what effort we take out. Whatever uh whatever whatever seed we sew, if we sew a seed of the word, we'll reap a a results of the word. But if we sew a bad seed, then we'll reap a bad seed. And there was a denominational seed sown, an ecumenical seed sown, a a seed of of forced unity sown back then that is about to come to its fruition I believe very soon. But there was also a word seed sown at that time. And if you look at it as churches, churches are women. And brother Brandham taught that there was the modern church. He said we find today the modern church and modern church world the modern world church and also that the spiritual church are both pregnant to give birth to sons right a seed has been sown in the womb of two churches a modern church and a spiritual church and what you're seeing today is the result what we see today and the nonsense going on in the churches look at even from 20 years ago if you go back and watch a a mega church from 20 years ago and then watch them today. Look how far it's gone downhill, right? How much it's gone into apostasy. How much it's gone into just anything goes. And and even now they they they can't they just entertain the people. That's all it is. Just entertainment. But we don't want to ever be like that. We we come here to worship God. We don't come here to be entertained. We don't come here for the purpose of uh of seeing who's there. I love to see all of you in fellowship with you. But that's not why I come to church. I come to church say, "Lord, I want to be right. and I want to come to the judgment seat. I want I want to be corrected by the word and I want to worship you, Lord. What what need do you have for me that I could give to you? So, we come with a different purpose and that's but you don't hear preaching in the modern church. They give a little talk and then they have a lot of music. But why do we still have preaching? Because a seed was sown by a prophet of God. So, I believe church order is important. I believe I believe the way we have church and things are important. And I know they want to do away with preachers and preaching, but I believe it's important because a seed was sown by a prophet of God, and we're the results of that seed. Both churches were pregnant. He said, "One of them, a denominational birth, is going to give one of these days that the World Council of Churches, which will produce to the world the Antichrist through a denomination." He said, "That's exactly the truth." He said, "I may not live to see it. I believe I will, but you young people, some of you were young people back then." He said, "You young people remember you heard a minister say that." He said, "That'll finally wind up and that is the mark of the beast when she forms that world council of churches and she'll give birth to her son, the Antichrist." So, you see the significance of the United States, right? And that's the image of the beast is actually what produces the persecution that happens here in the United States, right? But it but it's causing them to worship that world system. Brother Brandon said they won't even he said he told him he said who do you think heads all that up right it's Rome behind the scenes doing it and listen we live in a time when anything could happen I I know Trump did this in jest but he he put a picture of himself as pope well that'd be a sight wouldn't it uh things would change around the Vatican you know he had a picture of himself as pope and he shared it and everybody's all mad you know upset and I thought it was pretty funny. But then I got to thinking, brother JT, and thought about that, that American pope. That's what made me think of this, that American pope. And I thought, you know what? It may not be that far off because the kind of power that that's going to wield, what if there is a pope from America, right? That that actually causes that to come in because then you'd have all of it tied up together because he'd have that kind of influence that maybe a foreign person, born person wouldn't have. soul and there's never been an American pope and it's all in the news right now whether or not that'll be the case. We may find out tomorrow, we may not. So, uh just depends on which color smoke they see. But, Brother Brandham says the other So, they're pregnant with uh with the Antichrist, right? What produces but there been another seed sown. He said, "The other is pregnant by the word of God and will bring forth the body, the finished body of Jesus Christ, which is the bride." He said, "The body of Christ isn't finished yet." I mean, he knows that a man and woman is one. So, he's saying the body of Christ is incomplete. As long as there's one soul left, one seed left, then the body of Christ is incomplete. Right? So, the body of Christ has to come to completion. So, what's happening? As long as there's one soul left, the body of Christ is incomplete. The bride, he said, will have to be the rest of that body. And the two together makes the one body again. Now, we go all all over the world trying to find that last seat. I I I may go and you all pray for me. I'm praying about going to Nepal. It's a place we've never been. And there's a few message people there, a few churches. And I was talking to brother Wilson about it and maybe getting him to go and and then maybe take a a stop in India on the way because I got folks there want me to come. And I thought if we could just if we could just reach that last seed, maybe it'll be in those Hindu countries. But as we went to Egypt and I I see the work going on in Egypt and I appreciate that because there's some people there that need to hear the message of the hour. We've heard it. Brother Brandon said, "We don't have a right to hear it twice till somebody else heard it the first time, right? But we've heard it and and yet at the same time that last seat maybe a young person in this church might be one of your kids might be one of your yours that have gone out and we're seeing people come back to the Lord. We shouldn't take that lightly because one of these days the body of Christ is going to be complete and when it is we get to go home. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Bar said when that last one comes in we get to go home. And he even said that last one he said could be a person just hadn't reached the age of accountability yet. and we'll keep on preaching until they get old enough to be saved. And then we go home. Amen. Oh, I trust that. I trust it'll be soon. Amen. Look, I don't know. It could be a hundred years, could be tomorrow, but I believe we're living in that time. I believe that with all my heart. The bride will have to be the rest of that body. He said the two together makes one body again. Like Adam was at the beginning, man, his wife are one. Now she, the true bride, so sold out to him that she uses no mind of her own. His mind of course is his will and his will is his word. So they'll have thus sayeth the Lord or keep still. There's got to be a people that come to that kind of a maturity. What is it? We've grown up. Some of y'all remember the way it used to be. I I'm old enough to remember some things that we did that was kind of stupid. And you know, we still make mistakes and we fail. But I'll say this that as as message people, there's been a lot of maturity over the years. We've grown up a little bit. I I see brother Herald nodding at me. I know that that's been true in your lifetime. You've seen a lot of things and and we you we we're growing up. We're growing into a different place where we got more maturity and it's what is it? It's the seed that was sown back then. But if we're coming to maturity, then that antichrist system must be coming to maturity, too. Yeah. Right. So, what now? He said, "What will happen when this church, world council churches goes together? Can't you see who's going to do the leading? He said, ' Can't you Methodists and Presbyterians understand that? The rest of you, even you Pentecostals, he said, 'You say you're not going in. He said, 'You'll either go in or you'll bust up the denomination. So if you're part of a denomination, you'll end up in that, right? Because it'll just be some of them won't even feel right about it, but they'll still go just like they did at Na. He said, you'll do one or the other. It's right before you've got to do it. It's the forcing the mark of the beast. He said, that's where it is exactly denominationalism. He said, I can prove it by the Bible is the mark of the beast. She was a Revelation 17, she had prostitute daughters. He said, "And we know that that is the truth. Organized religion is contrary to the word and it's antichrist in its principles." Antichrist in its principles. And this is really important. So catch this. He said, "Not everything in there is antichrist." Brother Ben, do you believe every Baptist is Antichrist? No. Do you believe every person in the in the Methodist church is Antichrist? No. Do you believe every Catholic is Antichrist? No. Well, the Bren said there might be a saved person in there if they put their faith in Jesus and not the pope. Right now, to go in the rapture, they'll have to come to the message of the hour because otherwise, you wouldn't need the message of the hour. But there'll be many people saved, many people saved through tribulation and all kinds of other ways. But but we're the bride is called to something else. But look, but it's Antichrist in its principles. That's why we don't treat people wrong because they belong to denominations, right? We don't mistreat them. I even give pastors the respect of a pastor, another pastor. Just because he's not a message pastor don't mean he's not doing a work for the Lord. I I think of Sister Betty's grandson, I think, or great-grandson is a pastor. And I met him the other day. Just a fine young man. I said, "Well, you're in for it." He just taken a church. And I was kind of trying to prepare him, you know, cuz people are people. And and y'all have been wonderful to me. But I just let him know. You know, I get to pastor a church with at least many of you folks full of the Holy Ghost. And I can't imagine pastoring a church when almost no one has the Holy Ghost. I just don't even believe in it. That seems almost impossible. So, I feel for the man. But I'm not That's not the Antichrist. Are you with me now? The system is Antichrist. So, we don't mistreat those people. Never. Very good. Right. We don't think we're above those people cuz you could you you could go to a message church every day of your life and die and go to hell. That's right. Right. But it's matters what seeds on the inside, right? We don't mistreat nobody. The bride don't persecute nobody. I know brother said elect don't persecute elect. But if you really think about it, elect don't persecute anybody. We don't persecute at all. We are the persecuted, but we don't persecute others. Are you with me now? Not everything in there is antichrist. But in its principles, its system is antichrist. So if that system even called itself by a message name, it'd still be antichrist. Right? That's why we stand against organized religion even in the message. Yeah. Are you with me now? Because the system is antichrist because it's against the word of God. He said every organized system is that way. But we know there will be an incarnate antichrist after the bride is gone. You know the pope, they call themselves the successor of Peter, right? Actually, what they are is the successor of Judas. That's right. Do you ever think about that? They are the successor. Apostolic succession works in this way. Not that they're the successor of Peter, but they're the successor of Judas. Right? And one day that'll come incarnate like it did in Judas, but it's after the bride is gone. Right. So, I don't know who the next pope is, but if it's that one, right, before he comes incarnate, right? Before the devil comes incarnate into him, we'll be gone. Sounds like a good day for the rapture. Are you with me now? I think we we ought to make that real. It ought to be real to us. Could be right here tonight. I'm not saying it will be, but it could be. Right. Because if that if that would be him, right, that that would there would be one that's the incarnate devil. Whether it's one that's existing at the time or a new pope that's named the incarnate, he'll become the incarnate devil like Judas was. Yes. So in 2 Thessalonians 2:6, it says, "Now you know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time." In his time. So he was revealed. He was revealed by the opening of the word, the opening of the seals. In 2 Thessalonians 2:7, for the mystery of iniquity doth already work, only he who now letth will let until he be taken out of the way. He there is the Holy Spirit, and then shall that wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming. Oh my. So, Brother Brham said, "The church is taken up, Satan's cast out. When the church goes up, Satan comes down. Then, Satan incarnates himself in the Antichrist called the beast. And then Revelation 13, he sets the mark down. He said, "When he that ledth," he said, "Only now Christianity is left on the earth in its purity because him that ledth." Amen. It's the Holy Spirit that allows us to do what we do. I'm so thankful. It's not of our own merit. The Holy Spirit allows us to be here tonight. So he said, remember back here in Thessalonians, sit sitting upon the temple of God, calling himself God, forgiving sins on earth. He said, "And that'll go on. Iniquity shall abound and on." You think because it won't be known yet until it's time to be revealed is called. Then the church will be caught away. And when it's caught away, then he changes himself from an antichrist. When after the church is caught away, he changes himself from an antichrist. Oh my. He said the the church, the great church. And that he said now he becomes the beast. Oh my. It becomes incarnate in a man. Now you say, "Well, brother Ben, will there be some messenger here to identify him?" We won't need one because a messenger already identified who the antichrist could be and we won't be here to see the incarnate beast. Are you with me now? Amen. So he's already been identified by the opening of the seals. They asked brother Brandon the question, does the first horse rider, the first seal fulfill Thessalonians, the revelation of the man of sin? He said, yes, that's right. That does. That's easy. Some things that were easy to brother Brandon weren't so easy for the rest of us. He said that does that's the man of sin. The same man just keeps his stages riding on until he gets on a pale horse that's called death. He said Christ comes on down through justification sanctification to the white horse and that's the life. Amen. Thankful for that. Now so you say, "Well, could this one be that? Could Could the one coming whoever they name tomorrow? Could could he be from the United States?" Well, absolutely he could be. That don't mean he's the incarnate one, right? But but he could be from the United States. And if he and and he could be the incarnate one. He could be. But if he is, we'll be gone. Yes. Huh? We won't get to see that happen. We'll be gone. Listen. In 2 Thessalonians verse 9 again, he said, "Even him who's coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders with all deceivleness of unrighteousness in them that perish because they receive not the love of the truth." They might be saved. We could say it this way. Their hearts were not turned back. Huh? What was it? Our hearts were turned back to the faith of the fathers. But their hearts were not turned back. But we have received the love of the truth. And for this cause, God shall send them a strong delusion. They should believe a lie. They won't know they're going into it. They'll believe a lie. They'll believe that it's okay that they all might be damned who believe not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. Mother Brandon said he sold them the same lie. He sold Eve and they fell for it. The lie that God doesn't mean what he says. You don't have to live by every word. the loose ends that we're tied up don't matter. And again, he talked about that persecution. I'm going to skip on down because I'm running out of time, Robert. But that next quote talks about the persecution and Satan saying, "Well, it don't make any difference." But it does make a difference. It does make a difference. They say God's a good God, but he said there's no there's no goodness without justice. Right. He's got to keep his word. Yeah. He said, "So, we're in that hour that we're living when Satan's saying it don't make any difference, but the bride is here been called out by the message of the hour and saying we believe the full word of God." But I thank God for the rest of the story. Cuz while all this is going on, look at 2 Thessalonians 2:13. So, the first 12 verses talk about what's going to happen and the Antichrist system that was already working in that early church and would come to fruition in the person of the man of sin. But Paul says in 2 Thessalonians 2:13, "But we are bound to give thanks always to God for you." Oh, I believe he's writing not only to those in that Thessalonian church, but also to us. We are bound to give thanks always to God for you, brethren. Beloved of the Lord, you say, "Brother Ben, do I have to worry about what's going on?" You young people, you do I need to worry, Brother Ben, about what's going on? No, because you've already been called away from that. You've heard a message. You've heard the stream of an eagle. You belong in a different place than that. You don't have to worry about that. We are bound to give thanks for you, brethren, beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning. Someone say it with me. From the beginning chosen you to salvation. What could I do to take you out of that? Right? Hey, we don't ever want to let a man, any pastor, any person gain so much power over our lives that we feel like what he says can take us out of being a Christian. No, we were chosen from the beginning to salvation. If you have salvation, it's because you were chosen to salvation from the beginning through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth where to he called you by our gospel to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh my, what is it? You were called. you were you were elect to to overcome that deception in this day. Brother said, "Look, God in his body Christ and Christ in his body the bride." He said, "Oh my, God made manifest in Christ. Christ made manifest in the bride. And as God took from the body of Adam, the woman, and she fell, then God has took from the body of Christ his flesh, his body, which is his word, and is bringing a bride out that won't fall. She won't fall by denomination or creed." That gives me great comfort today. Every time I preach it, I think, well, this one might fall or that one might fall or God forbid that I might fall. But he said, we won't fall. There will be a bride that won't fall. If I'm part of that bride, I'm going to make it. I might make mistakes. I might even fall in the eyes of the people, but I can't fall away from grace because he chose me before the foundation of the world. I can't be nothing different than I am. How many can say amen with me tonight? I can't be nothing but a message believer. That's what God called me to be. I'm not there because of brother Brandham. I'm not there because of somebody else, some other preacher. I'm there because God spoke in our day and I heard it. Something inside me heard it. Hallelujah. Something more real than a pope. Something more real. While the world's got his focus on that, I got my focus on a predestinated seed that God that God called before the foundation of the earth. Amen. They're looking to see who's the next pope. I want to see who the next member of the bride will be. I want to watch their lives blossom. Amen. their testimony blossom and bloom. Amen. Hallelujah. He said she won't fall by denomination creed, no service. She's coming back with the pure unadulterated word of God being manifested. He said, "I hope every man that hears this tape, and every woman will understand that she is the second Eve, but she is not breaking and spoiling her skirts of purity and holiness to her husband, she'll stay with his word regardless of what anybody says. You can have all the ecumenical moves you want to, all the affiliations. So what does what does Paul go on to say in 2 Thessalonians 2:15? Look how it ties to the message of the hour. Paul goes on to say, "Therefore, brethren, therefore, brethren, because of these things, brethren, stand fast." Someone said, "If you see therefore in the scripture, look and see what it's there for." Therefore, brethren, stand fast and hold the traditions which you have been taught, whether by word or our epistle. Hallelujah. You want to know how to overcome? Hold fast to the word that you've been taught. Now, our Lord Jesus Christ himself, he said, "And God, even our father, which hath loved us, and has given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace, comfort your hearts and establish you in every good work, word, and work." What did he say when he started out the chapter? He said, "Don't be afraid. Don't be shaken in spirit. Don't be shaken cuz somebody told you we said something." He said, "Remember a great falling away's got to come first." He said, "But you can't be deceived cuz you were chosen from the beginning." Hallelujah. How will we stand in such an hour of deception when the whole world wonders after the beast predestination? Amen. Amen. Ephesians 1 vers 3-6, he said, "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in the heavenly places in Christ according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy without blame beforeing him him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he made us accepted in the beloved. We've already come through the stage of some stages of adoption, but there's a final stage of adoption, which is the change of the body, and we've been predestined to that change. So, if you're the bride, you can't miss the rapture. Are you with me now? And you say, "Well, if I can't miss, I'll just do whatever I want to." But if you're the bride, you'll love to do whatever he wants you to do to do what's pleasing to the Lord. Or you might fail. You might fall, but you get back right back up and say, "Lord, help me. I can't I can't give up. There's something in me won't let me give up. Won't let me do what other what everybody else does. I just can't do it. I got to come back to the fountain. I got to come back to the Lord." Amen. Hallelujah. Predestined. I'm closing his musicians come. He said predestined. There's the mystery. He before Christ or anything else was ever on earth. You see his great mystery that he chose the bride. The cardinals are choosing a pope, but he chose the bride. They're by by men's ideas and opinions are getting together and choosing a man to be the next pope. But God chose you before the foundation of the world. Amen. There was never any black smoke. It wasn't an election that failed, but it was an election. Amen. That was true from the beginning. He never chose you and then unch you. You were never a second choice. But you were his first choice. He chose the bride knowing Eve would fall from disbelieving the word, knowing she would fall. But he would choose a bride that would not fall, that would hold to that word regardless of what all the rest of the world had to say about it. Lord, let me be one of those. They would hold to that word. They are predestinated to stand there. The adoption of children. What did Paul say? Stand there. Stand in what you've heard. Stand in the word of God. He said, you are predestinated to stand there. The adoption of children by Jesus Christ predestinated to the church to that great glorious stand. Would you stand with me tonight? Not only stand to your feet, but stand, Lord. Let's stand for this message. Let's stand for the truth. Let's stand for the word of God. Let's stand for what's right. Let's stand for holiness in a world that's forgotten about. Let's stand for the truth. Stand for God. He stood for us. He predestinated us to that great glorious stand. the next pope may be maybe you never know or he may not but before the Holy Spirit is taken away from the earth I'm so grateful for that while he's while he's still here he's still calling still wooing he's still brooding I say come to him right now I know it's a Wednesday night but if you've not come to him now is the time to come to him accept his call his call maybe those that are watching tonight at home and unable people to come because of work or something else, but they're they're watching. Why don't you why don't you come to him right where you're at? Why don't you draw closer? I think every one of us it ought to it would it would behoove us to come closer to him and say, "Lord, I want to be a part of that bride. I want to stand in that evil day. Having done all, I want to stand." Amen. There will be a people who'll be taken from the earth. There will be a bride who will not fall. We are that bride. If the bride is anywhere, it's in the message because the message is what calls the bride. It may not be everybody calls themselves message or some nonsense that calls themselves message. But Jesus had to do this. But there's some people who despite all their failures like Peter, but there's something in him. He couldn't give up. He couldn't quit. I was predestined to that stand that he took on the day of Pentecost. We have been predestined to the stand that we're taking now. Amen. And I pray that comforts your hearts today. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, Lord, I pray you'd help us to draw close to your throne. I thank you for your word, Lord. Thank you for your mercy, your goodness on us. Thank you for being faithful, Lord, all of our lives, for being good to us, oh God, for calling us, for predestinating us to this stand that we've taken. I pray God, Lord, we can't do anything else. artist as Martin Luther stood there one day. He said, "I can't do anything else but take my stand." Oh God, may we do that today. Each and every one of us, men and women, boys and girls, may we take that stand for the word in our lives. Pray you'd grant it, Lord. It does matter. Pray you'd help us to know it. Pray you'd grant it now in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Faithful. Lord, you glad he's been faithful. Amen. Why don't we worship him now? If you need prayer, the altar's open. I think every service we ought to look at it. What if this is the last one? We might be going home. We might as well worship him while we're here. Hallelujah. Of the goodness of God. Has he been good to you? Why don't you just raise your hands to him and sing? All my life you been faithful. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, thank you, Lord. I love your voice. Oh, you love his voice tonight. Oh, we love the word with all of our hearts. Me through the fire. Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, you are close. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have live in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. [Music] Thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Though I can't repay from my heart, I would like to say that I thank you. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. And though I can't repay from my heart, I would like to say that I Thank you, oh Lord. Thank you, Jesus, for the grace that you have, even us. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I can't repay from my heart. I'd like to say that I Oh, I thank you. You could just lift both your hands to him and sing it with all your heart. I want to say thank Oh, I thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, for the grace that you have given us. Thank you, Lord. Although I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I Oh, I I thank you. As brother Allen, come sing it again. Oh, I want to say thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes, Lord. Oh, for the grace that you have given us. And though I can't repay from my heart, I would like to say that I thank once again with all our hearts. I want to say thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. And though I can't repay from my heart, I would like to say that I, you know, we've all got something to be thankful for. Let's thank him again. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. And though I can't repay from my heart, I would like to say that I thank you. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of [Music] praise? You love the Lord this evening. Amen. Let's sing that song just before we go. God will make a way. Key of G. Amen. We'll sing this and then you're free to go in the name of the Lord. And oh God will make a way when there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely to his side with love and strength. For each new day, he will make a way. He will make a name and you're free to go in the name of the Lord. I know that God will make a way when there seems to be no way. He works in ways we cannot see. He will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Hold me closely to his side. with love and strength for each new day. He will make the way [Music]
