################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-20 - None Taken Pastor Ben Pruitt Sunday Night - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-20
Title:   "None Taken" Pastor Ben Pruitt Sunday Night
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJIVTR0e8n8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Fire. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Let's all stand. Another name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it. Wherever I go, I came to glorify glorify your name. I just came to glorify glorify your name. I just came to glorify glorify your name. There's no other name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it. Wherever I go, I came to glorify. Glorify your name. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. With counselor, prince of peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and chain. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh my heart sings today. Sekings for joy and gladness. Jesus saved, satisfied, vanishes my sin and guilt is gone. Peace is mine. Peace like to a river. Jesus is wonderful, mighty to deliver. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and chain. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Once a slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation. Now the sins of the past have been all forgiven and my name is insight on the book of heaven. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me counselor, prince of peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Living here with my Lord in a holy union. Day by day all the way. Holding sweet communion. Oh what change grace have wrought in my lowly station since my soul has received full and free salvation. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Give the Lord a hand clap for [Applause] [Music] Without him, I could do nothing. Without him, I surely fail. Without him, I will be drifting like a shin without a sin. Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus. [Music] You know him today. Please don't turn him away. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Without him how lost I would be. [Music] Without him I would be dying. [Music] Without him, I'd be in his name. Without him, life would be hopeless. [Music] with Jesus. Thank God I am saved. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Do you know him today? Please don't hurt him. away. Oh Jesus, [Music] my Jesus. Without him, how lost I would be. So I'll ask him to be my pilot. his word, my compass and guide. Till I think saves me in glory. For without him I drift with the night. [Music] Jesus. Oh Jesus. Do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. My Jesus. [Music] My Jesus. Without him, how lost I would be. Sing that chorus again. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Jesus, my Jesus. Without him, how lost I will be. Why didn't we recognize the son of God was here today? Let our hearts burn as I'm talking along the way. Shouldn't we have known? Shouldn't we have known? [Music] Shouldn't we have known? [Music] and the day before yesterday. Take my home. Beat him un mercifully. Nailed into a tree. The sky grew dark and the earth began to fall. The people cried. Surely we crucified the son of God. Why didn't we recognize the son of God was here today in our hearts as he talked along the way? Shouldn't we have known? Shouldn't we have known? Wish we had known before the Lord had come and gone. Hey, a friend and I walk down the road leaning on our Lord arose and leave and so eyes. He broke the bread and blessed. He and our eyes. I'm so glad that I mighty God was here today. in our hearts as he talked along the way. Shouldn't we have known? I'm so glad I know him. I'm so glad I know him. For soon will come and will be gone. Sing that chorus again. I'm so glad that I recognize the mighty God who was here today. in our hearts burn as we talk along the way. [Music] I'm so glad I know him. I'm so glad I know him. I'm so glad I know him. For soon he'll come and we'll be gone. [Music] Can we sing? I've never been this homesick. There's a light in the window and a table spreading splender. Someone standing by the open door. I can see the crystal river. I must be near forever cuz I've never been this home sick before. So see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick. I can see the family gathering. Sweet faces all familiar. No one's old or fever anymore. Oh, this lonesome heart is crying. I'm going to spread my wings for flying cuz I've never been this home sing before. Just see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. As the ushers come, I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for the river. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Just remember all the requests this morning. Uh brother JT and Sister Clelet, keep them in your prayers. Definitely going through a hard time and all the requests from this morning. Lots of people are sick and we're a very needy people, but we have a big God, don't we? We'll have brother Danny take these. Heavenly Father, we thank you this afternoon, Lord, for this opportunity and privilege we had to be back in your house. Father, we just thank you for everything you've done for us. Father, we ask you now as we come to this part of the service, Lord, for the ones that are sick and afflicted. You know who the ones are that can't be here, Father. different ones that are not feeling well. Lord, we ask you to go touch them tonight. Lord, we pray that you'd be with each and every one that's traveling today. Brother Joel and his children will be his young men will be traveling back today. Lord, from the camp, different ones going to and fro, Lord, the next few days, Lord, we just ask you to keep your hand of mercy and grace on them. Lord, we pray for this service tonight. Lord, as we come to this part of the service, we ask your blessings on this offering. Lord, we ask you to bless brother Ben as he comes and bring your word to the your children tonight. Lord, may we just have hearts open, Lord. And may our understanding be aware of what's being said, Lord. May you just sink it to the bottom of our hearts, Lord. May we grow from it each day, Lord. We ask your blessings on the remainder of this service. In your name we ask. Amen. [Music] You can be seated. That will be when my Jesus I shall see when I look upon his face. The one who saves me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day. Glorious day that will be. [Music] There is coming a day when no heartache shall come, no more clouds in the sky, no more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saves me by his grace when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. As sister Anna comes, there'll be no sorrow there. No more burn burdens to bear. No more sickness, no pain, no more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. Sing that chorus. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saves me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, glorious day that will be. [Music] [Music] Have you been walking the same old road for miles and miles? If you've been here and the same old boys tell the same old lies. If you're trying to feel that same old inside, there's a better life. There's a better life. If you got pain, he's a pain. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison senior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. We've all searched for the light of day and the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. We've all run to things we know just ain't right. Oh, but there's a better life. A better life. Oh, if you got pain, he's a pain. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a present senior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. If you believe it, you'll receive it. If you can feel it, somebody testify. If you believe it, you'll receive it. If you can feel it, somebody testify. testify. If you believe it, you will receive it. If you can feel it, somebody testify. Oh, if you got pain, he's a great taker. Oh, if you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison sinking savior. You got chains. He's a train breaker. If you need freedom or saving, he's a prison senior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. [Applause] Let's all go ahead and stand. [Music] Where do I go? No one else to turn to. Who do I talk to? [Music] wants to listen. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] My go [Music] to the mountain [Music] with the earth and sinking sand rock. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go, where do I hide? Till the storms have all passed over, where do I run to when the winds of sorrow threaten? Is there reuge in the time of tribulation? When my soul is consolation, I go to the cross. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the build is rejected. Run to the mountain. mountain [Music] all around me sand. When I need shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Sing it again. I go to the rock of my salvation. Go stone that the builders rejected. Run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. Oh, the earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Amen. Aren't you glad you got a rock you can go to? Amen. Do you love him this afternoon? &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't he worthy of all our praise? &gt;&gt; Thank you for coming this afternoon. We sure appreciate you being here. And I won't hold you long. I'm going to try to go right into the word this afternoon. Couple of announcements to make. Thank you musicians. I appreciate Brother Peter helping us today. And he done a good job. We appreciate that, brother Peter. It's a a more difficult thing than you might think to stand up here and do that. And so we thank him for doing that. and brother Joel's usually here and we s we're so blessed in that way. And brother Allan was on call at the bank today and I'm able to do it. So we're just grateful Peter step in. Brother David was sick today. So we're praying he feels better soon. Kind of had I think what everybody had a couple weeks ago going around. So we'll just pray that devil away, won't we? So &gt;&gt; sure none of us want that. And some of us been through that already. So be praying for him and those that are sick or gone today. And uh we've got uh fall festival coming up this weekend. My wife gave me a note to give to Peter and I didn't even give it to Peter, but but I'll just tell you um we should uh uh she said, "Please bring soup or or chili if you can for the fall festival." And that's if you make good soup or chili. I mean, this I added that. &gt;&gt; She didn't say that at all. But Joe knew I didn't I said that. So, uh, but bring that if and and we need drinks and desserts and cheese and crackers and sour cream. And if you eat sour cream with your chest, if you like spicy chili, you add sour cream to it and it's not as bad. So, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So, uh, water and kids drinks. So, she got on there. So, if you have need any information, talk to Sister Vicki or Sister Britney. And, and we thank them for doing that. I'm sure they'll need some help. If you want to help them prepare and decorate and all those things, try to be here if you can be, even if it's just for a little while. We'll I think it starts at 1, but we'll be here all afternoon and try to be here for that because I know that'll be a blessing. It's one of the highlights of my year, honestly. And brother Shawn Martin will be here. Most of his family's coming. His wife's got to stay. They've got a grandbaby about to be born, but brother Shawn's coming and his kids. And so, we're looking forward to that. He's going to preach the word. He's just a prince of a preacher, Brother Shawn Martin. You'll enjoy him next Sunday. Of course, brother Andrew Glover is going to be here on Wednesday night. They're not having church at Grace Tabernacle. He's going to be in town. He was originally slated to preach our fall festival and he was going overseas, but it didn't work out. And so, he's going to be here. So, maybe the Lord set that up. I know some of the brothers are going to be hunting, and that's okay. I uh I just pray the Lord blesses them with uh good time. I'm going to go down to Hot Springs for a couple days, but I'll be back by Wednesday night. And if you need anything, we'll sure be here for you. Do you love the Lord this afternoon? &gt;&gt; Amen. Mark chapter 7 verse 24. Maybe a little bit of an odd title tonight and subject, but I just pray it'll be a blessing to you. I want to speak to you tonight on none taken. Mark 7:24. From then he arose and went into the borders of Ty and Sidon and entered into a house. and would have no man know it, but he could not be hid. I I've always loved that scripture. He could not be hid. For a certain woman whose young daughter had an unclean spirit, heard of him and came and fell at his feet. The woman was a Greek, a Syrophenician by nation, and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter. It' be like somebody coming up for prayer. But Jesus said unto her, "Let the children first be filled, for it is not meat to take the children's bread." In other words, he said, "It's not appropriate to take the children's bread to cast it to the dogs." And she answered and said unto him, "Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord." What a response. "Yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs." Yeah, &gt;&gt; what an attitude. He said unto her, for this saying, go thy way, the devil has gone out of thy daughter. When she was come to her house, she found the devil gone out, and her daughter laid upon the bed. I pray the Lord about his blessing to the word. You may be seated. Uh, I was reminded as well, Katherine and Isaac are in the hospital with baby Aurora was born a little bit early. So, let's be praying for them as well for that little family and that's a new member of the church. So, congratulations to them and let's be praying for them that they'll uh quickly recover, be able to be back in the house of the Lord. It used to be common, and I guess it still is, to say if someone said something hurtful to someone that you'd say, "No offense." &gt;&gt; Right? No offense, but, right? And then you'd finish whatever your thought was. No offense, but. And that used to be a common thing to say. And you know, the response to that, if you weren't going to be offended, is to say, "None, none taken. No offense, none taken. And and we live in a generation of people who who live in a constant state of being offended. It's just it's just my my generation. I could say maybe younger than me. We all like to think the younger people are worse, but but but it's the generation of people who just live in that. It's called today being woke, right? Being woke. You've heard that term. It's being awoke is you're you're woke to political uh leftism really, but it's a you know and and a lot of those people in that condition there are or have been afflicted by that condition. They uh they they they use words like microaggressions or subconscious discrimination and and which we didn't even know what that was when I was a kid. We had real aggression and real discrimination. But &gt;&gt; but but now it's it's become a thing and and it's treated as real things and and it really means something to people and words are seen as a form of violence. And so there's people who believe, we saw that with the assassination of Charlie Kirk, that they believe that you can respond to words with real violence, that they believe it's appropriate to kill somebody for what they say. And you know, it's not always been that way. Children in the late 1800s were taught a schoolyard rhyme, "Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me." And yet, we know that's not entirely true. It's probably a good thing to teach your children. And yet, it's not entirely true because words do hurt sometimes. &gt;&gt; That's just the reality of it. It does hurt. And the Bible says the words of a tail bearer are as wounds. So in other words, somebody who would go and gossip to people and and and even if it's true, right? Do you re people realize that that by saying things to people that something they don't have any business saying and and and they say it anyway and it's like a wound and it goes down in the innermost parts of the belly. Again, in Proverbs 18:14, in that same chapter, Solomon says, "The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity." In other words, if you're sick, brother Walt, if you if you don't feel well or maybe you've gone through something like what you've went through, your spirit sustains you. It'll keep you going. But he said, "A wounded spirit, who can bear?" So, if your spirit gets wounded, the thing that would sustain you through sickness, you have a difficult time making it through it, right? So it's harder to deal with a wounded spirit than a wounded body. In Proverbs 18 and 19, it says, "A brother offended is harder to be one than a strong city." And their contentions are like the bars of a castle. But that same chapter says this, and I love it. Proverbs 18:10, "The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous runth into it and is safe." I would say to you that if you do I if you are wounded by words that you can run to the Lord and he'll always be there for you. There will always be comfort in the word of God in the spirit of God for you. I've heard this all of my life but I didn't realize where it come from. There was a poem written or pros I believe that it was written by Carl Sandberg back maybe many years ago and it was about a little girl who saw our first troop parade and she asked what are those and and and and the one that was standing there with her said soldiers and she said what are soldiers they're for war they fight and each tries to kill as many the other side as he can and the girl held still and thought about it and said do you know I know something he said what is it that you know sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come. Wouldn't that be something if they had a war and just nobody would come? And I want us to think about that tonight. And and I want to stir your imagination tonight and stir your thinking or those of you that are here, those of you that are watching. I want to stir this up in you that what if we refuse to be offended? You realize how much freedom there would be in that &gt;&gt; if we refuse to be offended. Now, we know as Christians, we should not give offense, &gt;&gt; right? We we should not be we should not purposely offend people. Romans 12:18 says, "If it's possible, as much as lith in you, live peaceibly with all men." So, we should do everything we can not to offend. and and and so that should be our our manner of life, our lifestyle and in love for others and consideration of one another. Paul says to the weak became I as weak that I might gain the weak. So in other words, I don't I don't just go out saying whatever I want to say. I I season my words with salt so that people will know and and yet at times we inadvertently offend people, but we don't mean to. And and and so he said, "I made all things to all men that I might by all means save some." So we don't want to offend people when we think of offense. Many times we think of Jesus when he makes a statement about the children and he said it's better to have a millstone tied around your neck. You know the story and cast into the sea than to offend one of the little ones. But that word offend in the New Testament is doesn't mean to to to hurt your feelings. Did you know that? It doesn't mean to hurt your feelings. What that means is to cause to stumble or fall. And I pray that Lord help me never to cause a little one to stumble or to fall because he said it'd be better and it could be with your words. It could be with your actions. It could be some other way. It would be better to it'd be better to have a millstone put around your neck and thrown in the depths of the sea than to offend one of the little ones. Brandon made this prayer and it's very interesting where he's praying this. He's speaking and the message leadership which is the last real sermon that he preached while he was alive and he's preaching leadership and and and as he's preaching that he's preaching it in a uh in a trailer park and and some of you all that know message history, you know that that trailer park turned into a horrible thing. It actually turned into a I don't think we're bismerching anybody's character. It's been a long time ago now. But but there there was the leadership in that trailer park went haywire after brother Brandham died and it did some horrible things to those children &gt;&gt; that were there. There are survivors of that today that made it through that time and some that didn't make it and and left the message over it. But brother Brandon prayed during that time. He said, "Oh dear God," he he's sitting there and one of the questions I always had is, "Brother Brandon, why didn't you stop it? You're a prophet." But see, God don't show his prophets everything. But I do believe the Holy Spirit spoke to those men that were there that caused the offense. He said, "Oh dear God, creator of heavens and earth, guide our feet, Lord, that we'll not do nothing before these little ones that would put a stumbling block in their way. For it said, it would be better we have a millstone tied at our neck and be cast into the sea than to offend one of these little ones. You said their angels always behold my father's face which is in heaven. The great angel, guardian angel over each of these little souls. I believe God was speaking to those men, warning them. And yet the men sitting there in leadership caused great offense to the little ones in their care. I don't want to ever do that. I want to help somebody down the road. Don't you don't you want to help somebody instead of hurting somebody in our in our thoughts, in our speech, in in our actions, everything that we do, we want to be aware of what we're doing and help somebody on down the road. And so the Bible says, "As we have opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially to them of the household of faith. But what if we chose not to be offended?" &gt;&gt; Now, think about this for a minute. But what if we chose not to be offended in marriage? What if we just chose not to be offended? In 1 Peter chapter 4 and verse 8, it says, "Above all things, have fervent charity among yourselves." That's love. For charity, love shall cover the multitude of sins. Love covers a multitude of sins. What if we just decided that we weren't going to be offended by our spouse? I told you this morning, somebody told me and said, "Well, you don't understand cuz you've always had a good marriage." And that's, you know, I have always had a good marriage, but it's because of the work we put into it, &gt;&gt; right? Those opportunities are there because I have bad breath, too, &gt;&gt; right? And I don't always pick up after myself. Come on, guys. You You know what I'm talking about, right? I don't always do what I should do. I'm grouchy on Mondays. Sometimes on Thursdays, a little bit the rest of the week. I sometimes don't give my family the thought or the time that I should. I'm not saying I'm a bad person. I'm just like you. I'm human being. &gt;&gt; I try to live the word, but I I I mess up sometimes. And and yet, you know, we've reached a place after 20 years, it'll be 20 years in May of marriage that, you know, it's just it's like we're just not going to be offended at each other cuz we don't have the energy anymore &gt;&gt; to fight. Does that make sense? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like I just choose not to be offended and she chooses not to be offended and and we get along pretty good that way &gt;&gt; even though sometimes but what that does is it frees us to allow us to say true things to each other &gt;&gt; knowing the other person's not going to take it wrong &gt;&gt; because some things need to be said. &gt;&gt; Right? And yet I know she trusts me. In the scripture it talks in Proverbs 31 about a virtuous woman. You've all read it. We preach from it and it talks about the virtuous woman. It says the heart of her husband does safely trust her. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The heart of her husband does safely trust her. What's he saying? He's saying that they built this unspoken uh bond between them that they know that if they didn't always have tabs on each other or life 360 went down or they weren't able, they still wouldn't worry because they would know that that that person's going to be okay. They're not going to do anything to hurt them. And if they did anything that would be wrong, it would be a mistake. It would be they wouldn't mean to do it because they trust the person the heart of her husband safely. Trust her with finances. trust her with all the other parts of a marriage. And that's the place that we've got to get to. If you want to get to a marriage that you don't fight, you if you're never going to get to a place where you don't offend people, but you got to get to a place where you don't you're you cannot be offended. &gt;&gt; And we or rather I should say it this way where you don't where you refuse to be offended. &gt;&gt; That's hard, isn't it? It's a tough place to get to. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon says, "Right now, before you're married, now I'm going to talk to those of you, there's only like four of them in here, but the people that are old enough to be married or just about and yet you're not married yet." He said, "Now, right now, before you're married, everything's just fine and dandy. Ryan, if you ever if you get married, when you get married, you know, when you meet somebody, everything's fine and dandy for a while, right? And boy, it's just wonderful and you just love one another and everything's going good. But after you get married, I sent this to my kids on Thursday when I was studying this. He said, "After you get married, then the toils and trials of life come in, right? The the day you get married, things change and then you got a little honeymoon period lasts for a little while and then you wake up and realize that love's not a feeling anymore. It's a commitment." Brother Brandham said that's when you've got to be so in love that you understand one another. When you're disappointed in her and she's disappointed in you, you still understand one another. &gt;&gt; I have some things in my house that are breakable and valuable. And they're not like worth a lot of money, but my wife's having a heart attack right now because I'm holding this. I thought I'd give it to Jonah, but I don't know if he's awake. But he's asleep. They didn't carry it around. Then you all would have a heart attack. This is a hundred-year-old bowl. It's a hundred years old. It's lasted a hundred years. Not because it's not breakable, because if I dropped it right now, it would it would break, &gt;&gt; right? It would break. This floor's concrete under that little thin carpet and it would break. &gt;&gt; It's valuable. How's it lasted a hundred years? &gt;&gt; Because people took care of it. &gt;&gt; It's It's in a place in our house where the kids can't get to it. And it's up in the, you know, and yet we've had pieces get broken, but it's up there in a place where, you know, I'm not doing this on a regular basis or I would break a piece, right? See the difference in adults and children is that adults treat valuable things as valuable &gt;&gt; and children teach valuable breakable things as if they're not and just kind of is this stupid? I I don't know how somebody said yes it is. But think about it. It's a hundred years old. Like it is valuable. And I can, you know, but I'm doing that on purpose. That's the way we treat our marriages. &gt;&gt; We just get offended and and pull apart, get mad, you know, walk away and just and it's a valuable thing. You realize how precious my wife's dying back there. You realize how precious that is, huh? Your marriage is much more precious than that is. I wouldn't take that chance with my marriage. I &gt;&gt; wouldn't take that chance with something I really cared about. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; And yet, we just say things and do things and just throw it up in the air and use it like it like we're ski shooting. &gt;&gt; Just throw it up there and shoot at it. see if there's any holes in it. And then when it breaks, we come to the pastor and say, "Put it together." &gt;&gt; But how you going to put it together? I'll say this. If it is broken, I know somebody who can fix it. &gt;&gt; See, Brother Brandham taught us that I don't know why I'm spending so much time on this tonight, but Brother Brandham taught us that there was a a bowl of oil. He said, "Love is like a bowl of golden a golden bowl full of oil in your heart." and and he said that if it ever gets broken, it's very difficult to repair, right? It's very difficult to put that trust put that oil back in the bowl. But I heard of and you've heard of it. I I think we've had ministers that have used it as an illustration, but I heard of a of a Japanese process that they use where they actually pour gold in the cracks and they make the bowl more valuable than what it was before. I believe God can do that tonight. I believe we serve that kind of a God that if you've treated things that way when you grow up and learn how to treat things like they ought to be treated, then you God can put you back together. &gt;&gt; He can do that for you. I believe he can make it more valuable than it ever was, more precious than it ever was. But if we're going to grow up, and I mean this in a spiritual sense as well, if we're going to be what God has called us to be, let's treat the word of God valuable. Let's handle it in the way that it ought to be handled. Let's treat our marriages valuable. Let's treat our families valuable. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; Children don't understand the value of breakable things, but adults ought to. &gt;&gt; What did the angel tell brother Brandham? See, he told they told him, he said, "Get the people to believe you and they'll be healed." You realize what you have to do? How do you heal your home? You got to get your wife to believe you. You got to get your husband to believe you. It's how you heal that. And faith in that person will cause you to interpret things differently, cause you to say, "No offense." None take it. Are you with me? Are you following me now? &gt;&gt; Right? If you treat that as precious, see the Senician woman, she treated her the healing of her daughter as more important than whatever Jesus might say to her, how he might offend her, how it might be hard and might be difficult, but the healing of her daughter mattered. &gt;&gt; So what did she do? She overlooked the offense because her daughter's healing was important to her and she got what she asked for. I I think what what if we parents let's let's get off of marriage for a while. What if we parents chose not to be offended or what if we what if we as children of parents let's put it like this. What if we chose not to be offended in our parents? Boy, it got quiet. There are evil parents, evil spouses, but most aren't. Most are just humans. Most are just humans. The Bible says we had fathers of our flesh which corrected us. So, we gave them reverence. We gave them reverence. That word reverence is we honored them. I have a newspaper clipping where can can you hang with me for just a little while tonight? I promise I'm not going to bore you to death and keep you all day. I'll let you go. But thank you for being here this afternoon. I I have a newspaper clipping where brother Brandham's mother applies to the county for food because her husband Charles had been arrested for operating a steel. Like that's old timey stuff right there. But he had been arrested for operating a steel. He's in jail. Brother Brandham's laying in the hospital with a gunshot wound. And he was the oldest boy and he was unable to work. So, the kids were starving. And it's the man's fault. It's Charles's fault. It's Brother Brandham's dad's fault for doing that. He He's done everything wrong. He's sitting in jail. His his mother has nothing to eat. And And this is the same man, you remember brother Brandham's life story where we talked about this man, how he called him a He said, "I only raised one sissy." Only knew one Brandham that was a that was his own son. He was trying to get him to drink. That that still happens today. Some of y'all I I know I I've had people tell me it's heartbreaking. My mama taught me to do drugs. My daddy taught me to drink. It's a heartbreaking thing. Aren't you glad you can raised your kids in the house of the Lord and bring them to God and and and and have the availability of that? Listen, if you got a parent that took you to church, they might have been an awful parent in every other way, but if they took you to church, you ought to be thankful for that because it may be why you're in the house of God today. &gt;&gt; Well, the parents, Brother Brandham's parents never took him to church. &gt;&gt; So, they had him dedicated when he was a baby, and as far as I know, he never went back to church until he got old enough himself to go. Brother Brandham said, "Dad, he drank." He said, ' Not only drank, but he made the whiskey. When he would come in at home and drink right after he'd get his groceries all paid, he'd drink up what he had left. But I love this. Brother Brandon was standing there. You know what he said? He was an adult. He was old enough to understand. It's hard when you're younger. I've been through similar things. My dad didn't drink. He was a moral man, but we had a great difficulty with him. And and I've been through that. I know what that heartbreak's like. I I I I have experienced it. So, I'm not talking about something I don't know about. But he said, 'I don't care what he ever done. I love him today in his grave. He was my daddy. He said, 'Look, young children, young folks, I don't care what it is. You always have a respect to your father and mother. He said, I think one of the awful things I can hear little children say is the old man or old woman. Listen, that's not the old man and old woman. That's your daddy and mother. Someday when you see them going out of the room head first and the wheels beneath the casket squeaking, you'll know it is an old man or old woman then. That's right. He said, "You hear the preacher say ashes to ashes and dust to dust, you realize the best friend you ever had on earth is going down." &gt;&gt; Talking about, he's talking about his drunk daddy. When I was a boy, he said, "My daddy was a different from what some of the modern fathers are today. My daddy believed in giving whoopins, and he really give them." He said, "We remembered them." And I yet today of 47 years, I remember them. But it done me good. Some of us could say amen to that. &gt;&gt; It trained me. If I could go to the grave today and raise him up, the first thing I'd do would shake his hand and hug him for what he done. If I feel that way about my earthly father, what will it be that day when we stand in his presence? &gt;&gt; When we see the things happen to us for our good, he had to cut us a little bit here and child train us and take off the things of the world. Let us walk as humble children before him. May seem hard for the Gabe at the beginning, but God knows what he's doing. He knows what he's doing. How many can say amen to that tonight? He knows what he's doing. Brother Bram said, "My dear old mother, half Indian, sitting there, her hair slick back, not a gray hair in it, her little teeny deep set eyes looking at me. Looked at daddy's picture hanging on the wall." I said, "Mama," she'd come over and put her hands in mine, her poor old shaky wrinkled hand. I said, "Mama, I want to ask you a question." I said, 'What is value? What should we place value on?' She said, 'What do you mean, son?' I said, 'If I had a hund00 million laying here on this table and there was a little button here and I'd press that button and I'd lose that $100 million, but I get to talk to dad again for an hour. I said, I'd press that button right quick. What could I do with a $100 million? How could I could evangelize the world nearly myself? But I never was too sure about my daddy. He died in my arms praying, but I want a little more insurance. And how a hund00 million I'd give tonight. Easy. Never think a thing about it. Be glad to do it. Oh, he didn't say, "Oh, if I could just give him a piece of my mind." If I could just say, "Why weren't you there?" If I could just say, "Why did you have to get arrested when I was laying in the hospital? Why did you have to do that?" He He refused to take offense. What did he say? If I could just talk to him, I believe I could persuade him. Oh, God. Believe I could persuade him to follow Christ. I've often thought the same thing. If I could just have a moment, maybe I could be a help. Because I wasn't much help as a teenager. Maybe I could be a help now. Yet, those times are gone. And yet, we cut people off and lose time that we can never regain. We do not preach a gospel of cutting off your family. &gt;&gt; That's cult stuff. &gt;&gt; If you have to separate from something, separate from a spirit. &gt;&gt; Huh? But love your family. &gt;&gt; If that person, if there's a family member that's causing trouble in your home or doing something, there's steps that you have to take. But you always remember to watch for a window of reconciliation and be ready if they're ready to come back together because we don't want to cut people off because you can't get that time back. Let me move on. What if we refuse to be offended at church? Well, praise the Lord. Colossians 3:12 says, "Put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering, forbearing one another, forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye." &gt;&gt; And above all these things, put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness. What is that? The bond of maturity is love. This is what holds us together is love for one another as mature Christian sons and daughters, manifested sons and daughters of God. And let the peace of God rule in your hearts to the which also you are called in one body and be ye thankful. What if we suffered long and were kind like David leaving Jerusalem when he had rocks picked up and thrown at him and he said maybe the Lord told him to do it. What if that was our our kind of attitude that we would have when people would say something about us or do something to us that we thought was wrong? I I know we don't want to hear that. I know it's not in our human nature to do it. But what if we did? What kind of freedom might come? What kind of release might come? What kind of spirit of God might move in our services if we just say, "I will not be offended at my brother because he's my brother." Brother Brandham said, "How will the world know that you love Jesus when we love one another?" See, God sees your faith. The world sees your action. Love one another now. Be kind to one another. Talk with one another. &gt;&gt; Does that say that? &gt;&gt; Talk with one another. Be patient with one another. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord. And you find yourself again, he said, you find yourself in love with your enemies. Somebody say, "Well, he's nothing but a holy roller." and you start to get, oh, he said, be careful. Huh? I'm not preaching something that's outside the message, church. He said, but when you really find yourself that you love him, regardless of what they do, you still love them. What are you doing? None taken. &gt;&gt; I'm not taking any offense. Then you beginning to find and your patience gets from about that long till it just don't have no end. Anybody just keeps saying things about you, I don't care what you say. He said, ' Don't get stirred up. If you get stirred up, you better go pray first before you talk to them again. Don't get in fusses. This is good right here. Don't like to get in fuss because brother Brandham recognizes some people just enjoy it. And brother Brand said, don't like to get in fuss. the, you know, it's a qualification for a preacher not to get in fusses. Man of God shall not strive, &gt;&gt; right? Don't like to get in fuss. If you like to see somebody raise up in a church, say, "You know what? I'll tell you so and so did so and so." You say, "Now, brother, shame on you." &gt;&gt; He didn't say, "Well, if it's true, you can tell it." &gt;&gt; Shame on you. If you say, "Oh, is that so?" Listen to that scandal. Watch out. The Holy Spirit is not a cesspool. No, no, no, no. The heart is occupied by the Holy Spirit. Is full of holiness, purity, thinkketh no evil, doth no evil, believeth all things, endureth longsuffering. Don't fuss. When the family gets in a fuss, don't fuss with them. Your mother said, "I ain't having you go up there to that old church anymore." Well, all you think about now letting your hair grow out. You look like some old grandma. Don't fuss with her. &gt;&gt; Say, "Okay, mother. It's all right. I love you just the same. And I'll be praying for you as long as I live. Don't fuss. See, temper breeds temper. &gt;&gt; First thing you know, you grieve the Holy Spirit away from you. You'll be fussing back. Then the Holy Spirit takes his flight. Temper breeds temper. And love breeds love. Be full of love. Amen. Jesus said, "This will all men know you're my disciples when you have love one for another." That's the fruit of the Holy Spirit is love. What if we refused to be offended by one another? Can we take it a step further? What if we refused to be offended by the word? &gt;&gt; I'm challenging us today. I'm challenging myself because I'm human just like you are. But what if we refused to be offended by the word? See, Jesus said, "Blessed is he whosoever shall not be offended in me. Whoever will not stumble at me, God in flesh." See, John stumbled the prophet when he was in prison and and he sent the disciples to Jesus and the same one who he said, "Behold the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world." He sends messages to him and says, "Is it really you? Is the message really true?" Right? And Jesus never answered his question. Brother say he didn't rebuke John. He didn't say, "Oh, you're nothing. You don't you you know." And and it was a great insult to Jesus for John to say this, but Jesus didn't rebuke him. But Jesus, he didn't even answer his question. He said, "Tell John." Hallelujah. He said, "Come to the meeting and then tell John what you see." Telling the sick are being healed and the blind eyes are being opened and the lame are be are walking again. The gospel is being preached to the poor. He said, "Tell John what you see me do." See, when we are offended by the word, we are offended in Christ. We should not be offended by the word or by the word made flesh. See, because the Holy Spirit won't be offended by the word. When we get offended by the word, we're offended. We're offended by uh it's our flesh that's offended, not the Holy Spirit. Because the Holy Spirit won't be offended by the word. Brother Brand say when you ministers are correcting someone about a gift when you're correcting them, scripturally correcting them, and they get offended, remember it wasn't the spirit of God because the spirit of God cannot be, someone say it with me, cannot be offended by his word. He comes to his word. See, he's always willing. A real saint of God wants to tow the mark. How many want to know? I know that's why you're here on a Sunday night cuz you want to tow the mark. We will not be offended by the preaching of the word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What would it do? What if we didn't get offended anymore? No matter what a prophet said, we just say, "Well, I believe he was a prophet to the age. I may not understand it, but I believe it. Whatever the Bible says, I believe that it's true." Amen. &gt;&gt; What if we refuse to be offended or stumble over the word? The sour phoenician woman came to Jesus with a real need. Brother Brandham talks about her. He said, "A real Christian fights for his position." We talked about that just earlier, Brother Caleb. I had forgotten I had this quote. But a real Christian fights for his position. He has to stand alone, him and God. And he fights every inch of ground. So you don't have to baby them around. He said, "That's what's the matter with the Pentecostal church today. We got Pentecostal babies just been sprinkled and sprayed with this and that and the other till it's run out to a bunch of hybrids. What we need today is a house cleaning from the pulpit all the way to the janitor and starting over again." He said, "Get some genuine faith born into people." He said, "No." He said, talking about this sourcian woman, she wasn't a hybrid as a so-called crop of believers is today. What did she do? She admitted he was right. How many can admit he's right this afternoon? He's right. the word and faith always admits the word is right. If your faith don't punctuate every word of God's word with an amen, there is something wrong with your experience. The Bible said he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If it don't say amen to that, then there's something wrong. Jesus said, "The works that I do, shall you do also. If it don't say amen to that, there's something wrong. If it don't punctuate every word of God's promise with an amen, there is something wrong." But she admitted that he was right. Oh, can we admit the word is right today? He said, "I'm the God that heals all your diseases." I admit that the word is right. He said, "I'll save you and your house. I admit that the word is right." &gt;&gt; And if he said, "Clean up your life." If he said whatever it is he said, I admit the word is right. Lord, help me to live your word. &gt;&gt; Amen. She admitted he was right. She admitted she wasn't nothing but a dog. That's a hard thing to admit. Jesus comes to her, the word made flesh, and puts the response that he gave her was the worst possible way of saying it. It was absolutely the worst possible way you could say it. And Jesus never made a mistake. God was testing her. He was showing something. I'm glad for this story because it shows us something. She was persevering. Brother Brandham said she admitted she wasn't nothing but a dog, but she was after crumbs. He said, "It wouldn't be us. Oh no, we have to be set up on a seat and if they don't minister to me the first night, I'll not I'll go back the next night." Oh, what a difference she was. Put back, shoved back, shoved out, put outside, whatever it was, she was determined. She was persistent, perseverant. You know, sometimes we get that way with God. you know, we come and we approach him with something and it seemed like nothing moves for days and then weeks and then months and we we get discouraged and we say, "Well, you know, I just won't bring it to him anymore." No, that's not the way she was. &gt;&gt; She didn't become offended by the response that she got or the lack thereof. She she was not going to do that. She was going to get to Jesus and she was going to explain her need and she was going to believe he was going to meet her need. She held that the healing of her daughter is so valuable. She said, "I don't care what he says." &gt;&gt; See, my wife hurting my feelings is not going to break up our marriage because our marriage is bigger than that. It's more valuable. Are you with me, church? &gt;&gt; Somebody hurting my feelings in the church is not going to quit me, make me quit going to church because it's bigger than that. It's not about them. &gt;&gt; It's about God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now listen, he said, "Put back, shove back, shoved out, put aside, put outside whatever it was, she was determined. She was persistent, perseverant. Something on the inside of her told her that she was going to get it regardless of how long she had to wait. What she had to go through, she'd get it anyhow. She was after the crumbs. She didn't want a full course dinner. She said, "The dogs eat the crumbs under the master's table." Hallelujah. The dogs eat the crumb. Matthew 15:27. truth, Lord. Yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their master's table. He said, "No offense, but you're a dog." &gt;&gt; She said, "None taken." &gt;&gt; Why? She believed in him. &gt;&gt; See, it's about I've had people, friends, you forgive me. I'll be done here in a minute. But I've had friends that assumed that I wouldn't be their friend anymore because we disagreed about something. Preachers and sometimes and people and they just assume you won't be their friend because you disagree. Where did that come from? &gt;&gt; I disagree with myself sometimes. &gt;&gt; Right? That don't mean you can't be friends and it don't shouldn't even change the friendship. Brother Brandon said, "If you can't bitterly disagree from one side to the other and not feel the same way about that person as you did before," he said, "you don't even have the spirit of Christ." &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; But they don't have any bearing on my friendship because I value the friendship, the person. I don't love some of the brothers that I love very much. And and and in the in the message, my my friends in the message, I I don't value them for their ministries. I don't value them because of their proximity to greatness. I don't value them whether they can preach or can't preach. I value that person for that person. They're the same person even if they didn't preach no more. They're the same person even if they never sung another song. They're still the same person. &gt;&gt; And I value the person and not the gift. It's the gift. God might quit using the gift, but he the person is still the same person. We don't Somebody leaves this church, we don't quit loving them. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Where did that come from? &gt;&gt; Huh? Somebody Somebody acts in a way that shouldn't and maybe falls or No, that's the time we ought to love more than we ever have. &gt;&gt; You know, we we hate. The Bible says save with fear. It doesn't mean cause the person to fear. It means be fearful yourself. Don't respect the fact that there's sin and you don't want to touch the sin. You you hate the garment spotted by the flesh, but you don't you don't make the person fear. You love the person, &gt;&gt; make a difference, but you just handle it carefully because you don't want to be involved in the sin. &gt;&gt; How do you do that? Well, you got to get the people to believe you. As we said earlier, look at Jesus and Lazarus's family. She she believed or or they believed. Martha and Mary, they believed. And Jesus went down to Lazarus and you remember what happened? He they asked him to come. He didn't even send word back. He's four days late. They've already buried Jesus best friend &gt;&gt; and he didn't even go to the funeral. &gt;&gt; And again, I'm not advocating that, right? We should treat one another right. &gt;&gt; It's wrong to treat one another wrong purposely. But Jesus had a purpose. He was going to show us something about the resurrection. Listen, brother Brandon said, "If you send to your pastor and he didn't come pray for you when you were sick, well, you say the old hypocrite, I'll go over and join Jones's church or something, that's the reason your pastor can't do nothing for you." You got to have faith in him and confidence. I want us to think about more than a pastor. Now, I You understand? I'm a little self-conscious even reading these quotes because I don't want you to think about me. I want you to think about just in general if we were if we refused to be offended what that would be like &gt;&gt; if we had confidence in one another. He said, 'You got to know, you have confidence in him as a man of God. Know that all things work together for good to them that love God. That's right. Now, your pastor didn't tell me to say that either. Praise God. But I know this. You got to have confidence in the man you're dealing with, or it won't do you any good to do any dealing. That's true. You got to believe your pastor. He's a good God-save man preaching the gospel. Stand behind him with everything you got. And then, Brother Brandon balances that out. He said, "If he isn't, go somewhere where they do do it." &gt;&gt; Right? So, he didn't say you're wedded to a church. You're not married to your pastor. That's false doctrine. But he said, "That's right." Now, that clears it up for both sides. Now, remember this. If he preaches the gospel, stay with him. Help him because he's a man sent from God, ordained of God to feed your soul. I want to widen that lens from a pastor and say, "What if we believe one another?" What if we really believe that one day we're going to sit down at this table and every tear will be wiped away? What if we really believe, brother Walt, that you and me are going to sit there, we'll be the same age? &gt;&gt; What if I really believe that? And I do. But what if it really got real to us? &gt;&gt; What could change that? If I knew, brother Joe, you were going to be there. If I believed in election in you, like like I believe in election for myself, then how could I get too out of source? Like I might disapprove of something you do, but how could I get offended to the point of cutting off my fellowship with my brother? Come on, church. I'm not saying you can't get your feelings hurt. I'm saying, what if we didn't take offense? If &gt;&gt; we just walked away, &gt;&gt; left it to God, let God be God, and love one another. &gt;&gt; What if we really believe that someday we're going to sit at a table thousands of miles long and say, "Brother Ben, how does that work?" I have no clue. I don't know how the dinner service is going to work. I don't know what kind of plates they're going to use. All I know is they got fried chicken. All I know I don't even know how the chickens get there. Maybe all them chickens we've eaten. Maybe eat more chicken. There'll be more chicken already over there. You know, we said all the day you ever loved and all that ever loved you. Maybe I'm taking that too far. Come on, guys. It's all right. Now, look. What if we believed in one another like that? I'm going to be there eating that chicken. You're going to be there. Every tear is going to be wiped away. Everything's going to be explained. Then how could I ever get to the point where I'm just going to cut off fellowship with you? I don't like you anymore. I don't love you anymore. What if we just treated one another right and said, "You know what? I don't understand what they do, but I understand this. God's a big God and he's able to get them there just like he's able to get me there. Grace will work for them just like it works for me." What if I quit worrying about everybody else and and said, "I'm not going to take offense &gt;&gt; to anything &gt;&gt; because it's a trick. It's a trap of the enemy to get me to a place where I don't act like him, where I don't have confidence in anybody. G Peter or Paul said rather cast not away therefore your confidence which hath great recompense of reward. You got to have confidence in Christ, confidence in one another. Musicians, go ahead and come. He was not offended. Aren't you glad for that? soldier said, "No offense," but slapped him across the face. "No offense, but we're going to nail you to a cross." They accused him. They falsely. They spit in his face. Soldiers buffeted him. That means they struck him with their open hand. Put a crown of thorns on the king. On my king. I started writing that down, Brother Caleb. And as I was writing that down, it hit me. They didn't do it. I did it. [Music] I know we're not a large number this afternoon, but can you hear me for just a moment? They didn't do it. My sins put him on the cross. He paid for my sins, my transgressions. He was wounded. Isaiah 53. He was wounded for my transgressions. Hallelujah. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. He was done that way by me. You realize that I I was a human being. I was one who didn't recognize him. I was one who walked over his grace. I was one who did all kinds of things I shouldn't have done. But he loved me anyway. He refused to take offense. Not because of what I did, but because of who I was. He said, "There's something valuable." Glory to God. So, he picked up something breakable and he would not handle it loosely, but he refused to speak. Said, "I won't handle it like a regular man." He's like a lamb before the slaughter. Said, "I'll handle it carefully." Brother Brandon many times got up to preach to people and he said he said if I had a vial of the blood which would be much more precious than this dish. If I had a vial of the blood that come from the veins of Christ. Oh God said if I had a if I had that he said I would I would I would handle it so carefully. He said well there's nothing in that. You would handle it carefully if you had it. It would be so precious. I just heard today that someone I can't pronounce the name of it, but the great the Lou or whatever it is, the great museum there in in Paris, someone robbed it yesterday or today. First time in like a century that it's been done. And they dropped a priceless jewel out of the collection of the kings of France that was on display. They robbed the place and on their way out it was so casual, so meaningless to them. They dropped one of those priceless jewels on the ground because they were thieves and robbers. That's the way the devil treated us one day. But God didn't treat us like that. Jesus didn't treat us that way. But what did he do? He cared for you. He held you carefully. That's the way we ought to hold our marriages. That's the way we ought to hold one another. That's the way we ought to treat one another as something breakable. That's so valuable. We couldn't imagine breaking it. Trust the person. He trusted that we were the bride. He He believed in us, knew us before we knew ourselves. And what if we turned around, took no offense at him, because he did it for us. Hallelujah. Let's just think on those things. I just feel like worshiping him tonight. Isn't he good to us? What if we refused to take offense? No offense. None taken. Just not going to play the game. We don't play games with our families. Don't play games with our marriages. Don't play games with the church. Just not going to play that game. We're just going to love God, love people. Hallelujah. Would you bow your heads with me? What if we just refuse to be offended? You know what it is? Most of the time we we work so hard ourselves. We see other people maybe not doing what we're doing and we get offended in that. we get. Well, if I have to do all this and these other people aren't even trying. What if I told you there was a thief on the cross who never did one good thing in his life? And Jesus didn't send him back to the earth and say, "Well, now you got to go live a good life. Just just just go and prove yourself worthy." He had never, Brother Brandon said, he never even thought about God till that moment. Well, they're not doing their part. He didn't do his part. But when he got to heaven, you've heard it before, someone said that when he got to heaven, they all asked him, "What did you do? What did you understand election? Did you understand predestination? Did you understand justification?" He said, "I didn't understand any of it. I don't even know why I'm here. But the man on the middle cross said I could come. That's enough. Don't get offended in people because they don't know God called you maybe to something else, but you just do what God calls you to do and do what God calls me to do. And let's just love the Lord and love each other and treat valuable things as value as valuable as having value. Heavenly Father, so glad that you paid a debt I could not pay. Lord, I'm aware that you didn't speak up when they falsely accused you. You didn't answer when you were beaten. Lord, when you were hanging on a cross, could have called 10,000 angels. You didn't. The only thing you said was, "Father, forgive them." You refuse to take offense at the sins of the world. I'm so grateful, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would help us. Lord, we are offended many times even in righteous indignation when it comes to the world and the way people live. But Lord, help us to love people anyway. You did, God. You were very offended at the way I lived, but you came anyway and saved me. And I'm so grateful that you refused to take offense and turn it into a weapon. I pray God you'd help us to learn from you, take on your character today and do what you do. Pray that you'd grant it, Lord. Lord, as you've scoured us out now, I don't know how to preach any other way. I wish I could preach like everybody else, but Lord, you put things on my heart and I pray it'd do some good. What if we just refused to be offended? What a difference it would make. I thank you, Lord. Thank you for these people who've been so patient, Lord, and refused to be offended with me so many times. I appreciate them, Lord. And pray you bless them, each one. I pray you bless every marriage, every home, every every child, Lord, every elder, Lord, until we see your face. We sit down together at that table, Lord. We love you. We thank you in Jesus name. Hallelujah. If you need prayer, I'd be glad to pray with you tonight. Let's just worship the Lord. Let's stand together. Oh, I needed someone. Oh, to wash my sins away. Hallelujah. Did you need somebody? And now I sing a brand new song. Oh, amazing grace. Oh, all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt all that I could never pay. Hallelujah. Let's sing it now. He paid a debt at Calvary. He paid a debt at Calary. Could you lift your hands to him and thank you for doing it in my soul. Oh, set me free. I'm glad that Jesus Oh, he did all. Aren't you glad? He erased all your sins. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, I now can sing a brand new song. It was amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt. Oh, that I could live for days or another verse to that. One day he's coming. Oh, one day he's come. Oh, I'm glad Lord that you're coming. Glad you're coming for me and my brothers and my sister to live with him. Why don't you just worship him in the church before we go? Oh, in be glory. Oh, to see him on that day. Hallelujah. I then will sing a brand new song. It's amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the dead. Hallelujah. I could never pay. Hallelujah. Again, he paid a debt. He paid the debt. He did not owe not. &gt;&gt; Oh, I owe the debt. &gt;&gt; Oh, I could not pay. I needed someone. Oh, to wash my sins away. Hallelujah. Oh, and now I sing a brand new song. It was amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Could you give him a hands of hand of praise? Hallelujah. We sing. Thank you Jesus for the grace that you've given me. Hallelujah. I want to say thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given me. &gt;&gt; For the grace that you have given us. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, I can. Oh, from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. &gt;&gt; Sing it one more time. I want to say thank you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your grace and your goodness. For the grace that you have given us. Oh, though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I Oh, I thank you one more time with all your heart. Oh, I want to say thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus, [Music] &gt;&gt; for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can't repay from my heart. I would like to say that I [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh Lord Jesus, we love you today and thank you for your goodness on us. Lord, as we leave this place, may we never leave your presence. I pray again for those that are sick and in need, Lord. I pray Lord that you would change us, oh God. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Move me, Lord, closer to what I ought to be. Manifest yourself in my life, Lord, in the lives of these people. We thank you for all that you've done. And I pray you'd put joy in the hearts of the saints. Lord, as they leave this place, they would know that you refused to be offended, took no offense at our sin, and wiped it away, never to be remembered again. Lord, it ought to bring joy to our hearts. And we thank you for it. Jesus name. Hallelujah. I thank you. One more time. Thank you, Jesus. Open Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, for the grace that you have given us. &gt;&gt; Oh, I can't repay from my heart. I'd like to say that I thank you. &gt;&gt; I'm no longer a slave to fear. Let's sing this before we go. I'm no longer a slave to fear. How many can say amen to this today? I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Aren't you glad? Oh, I am a child of God. Sing it one more time. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Let it be your anthem as you go. God bless you today. You're dismissed a child of God. Oh yes, I'm no longer Oh, thank you, Lord. A slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. [Music] You unravel me with a melody. You surround me with a
