################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Pastor Ben Pruitt Basket Cases (Why We are Unafraid of Fellowship) 6-1-25 - Ben Pruitt Basket Cases.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    Pastor Ben Pruitt Basket Cases (Why We are Unafraid of Fellowship) 6-1-25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt Basket Cases
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hkXzp3AJXQ
========================================

Description:
Pastor Ben Pruitt Basket Cases (Why We are Unafraid of Fellowship) 6-1-25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I give you glory. And because of who you are, I give you [Music] praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who Who you are, oh Jehovah Gyra, my [Music] provider, Jehovah n Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom, my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who. Sing that chorus again. Oh Jehovah Gyron my provider. Jehovah n Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah shalom. Oh my prince of peace. And I worship you because of who you are. Oh Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Can you give the Lord a hand? Clap of praise this morning. Key of G. If anybody knows about love of Jesus, I do. Let me hear you sing it now. I [Music] do. Oh yes. If anybody knows about the love of Jesus. Oh, I do. Yes, I do. Oh, if anybody knows about the grace of all. Do you know about his grace this morning? I do. Yes, I do. Oh, yes. If anybody knows about the grace of Jesus. Oh, I do. Yes, I do. Oh, well, if anybody knows about the power of Jesus, I do. Yes, I do. Oh, yes. If anybody knows about the power of Jesus. Oh, I do. Yes. Oh, sing it again. If anybody knows about the love, well, if anybody knows about the love, oh, can you testify about it? I do. Yes, I do. Oh, yes. If anybody knows about the love of Jesus, I do. Yes. Sing about his grace again. Oh, if anybody knows about the grace of Jesus, I do. [Music] Yes, I do. Oh, yes. If anybody knows about the grace of Jesus, I do. Yes. If anybody knows about his power now, sing it. Oh, if anybody knows, let me hear you this morning. [Music] Oh, oh, yes, we do. If anybody knows about the power of Jesus. Oh, I do. Hey, man. You're sounding good. Let me hear about the grace one more time. Oh, yeah. If anybody knows about the grace, if you know about it, can you put a hand up to him? Oh, yes we do. Oh, sing it now. If anybody knows about the grace of Jesus, I do. Yes, I do. If you know about it, can you give him a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Something keeps holding me and G. The trials of this life were getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. Well, I was on the verge of giving [Music] over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. But something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my [Music] trial. Oh yes, he is giving me [Music] victory. It's a reality. Jesus is holding me. Oh, Satan laid before me his temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. But I have found inside the revelation the strength I need to keep me in his grace. Oh, something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Jesus is holding me. And as I journey through the land with all your hearts now to Calvary to the crimson blow. Oh many arrows from without. Oh, but my Lord, through him I must win. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving [Music] gra at last ever to [Music] rejoice when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night but I flee more close to him. He will give me life. Satan may vex my soul, turn my thoughts. Oh, but my Lord goes ahead whatever. Oh, I want to see. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Scares all past at last to rejoice. When in valleys low I look toward the mountain height. And behold my savior there leading in the fight. With a tender hand outstretched toward the valley low. Well, he's guiding me. I can see as I onward go and oh I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass oh at last ever to rejoice. Oh, when before me pillows rise from the mighty deep, then my Lord directs my bark. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. Well, he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so and oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Car's all passed. Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's hand as they play it now? [Music] [Music] him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last. Oh, sing it one more time. And oh, I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Oh, let me lift my voice. Cares all pass at [Music] last. Oh, well, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, and would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. would you evil a victory win. There's wonderful power in the blood. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power. Oh, let me hear you sing it now. [Music] There is power in the preious blood. Oh, one more time. Let me hear you sing the chorus. There's power, power, wonder [Music] working. There is power, power, wonder working power. Let's play it just a little softer. I want to hear him sing this morning. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power with all your hearts. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. Oh, let's play it and sing it now. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Well, there is power, power, wonder, working power in the preious blood of the lamb. If you believe it, give the Lord a big hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. and his ushers would come for the offering. If you just play that because he lives. Amen. I want to say this morning, we want to send our condolences to uh the Ward family. Brother Danny's younger sister passed away earlier this week and we just want to say uh we want to be in prayer for the family and just remember them through this difficult time. and and we are a family here at the church. And so when one goes through something like that, you know, it doesn't just affect them, although it affects affects them the hardest, but we want to just really just buckle down and pray for the family. And just like it was your own family member that passed away. So just remember, but I know where she is. And I believe I I love the testimony from Sister Vicki. She said, "We know where she's at. You know, she's got her new body." And so they will, you know, as Christians, we have a hope that we will see each other again. Amen. And that's what that's what really keeps us going through the battles of life. That even if death would take you out, that's not the finality of it at all. Amen. But there is a land. You believe it? There is a land. So just remember brother Danny and his family in prayer. Also, um Richard Mansfield, there's an unspoken request from Sister Alice for him. So just remember that need in prayer. The Lord knows every need. And brother Stewart, I'm going to ask you to come and uh grab one of them microphones there, buddy. just take these needs to the Lord in prayer. If you have a need on your heart this morning, would you just make it known by an uplifted hand and you love the Lord this morning? Let's just go before him in prayer. Lord, we love you so much. Lord, we just come before your throne this morning, a needy people, Lord, and we come boldly, Lord. And knowing that you're able, Lord, you're you went through every temptation, every bit of suffering, Lord. And and Lord, you know what it is to be human this morning. you know what it is for your children to go through things. And so we come this morning in the name of Jesus Christ to the one that can that can move on our behalf, Lord. And we just ask that you would just, Lord, have your way here this morning, Lord. May you just come into this service and have preeminence, oh God. Lord, may you just come and get all the glory from our lives, Lord. You see the needs that were mentioned, this this richer, we pray that you would just move upon this person's life and whatever the need would be there, Lord, you're more than able. We just pray this morning for the Ward family that you would bring comfort, that you would bring strength, Lord, and in their time of of of what they're going through, Lord. We just pray that you would be with them now. Lord, we just ask that you would just move upon this service, Lord. Just move move mightily, Lord. May we just, Lord, step aside this morning. Just forget the thoughts of the week and the thoughts of of the day and the next week. And Lord, may we just be able to benefit and get everything we can from this service. Lord, may we just enter into worship, enter into your presence, Lord, the things that are said and done here. We pray that you would bless it, Lord, our brother Ben, strengthen him not feeling quite well, but we pray that you would just touch him now, Lord. May you just anoint him to minister the word this morning, Lord. We love you so much. We love your people. We just ask that you'd just bless everything that's said and done this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. And you can be seated [Music] tomorrow. Because he lives, all fear is gone. And because I know, yes, I know he holds the future and life is worth the living just [Music] because he lives. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forgive. live. He lived and he died. You believe that this morning? Oh, just to buy my pan. [Music] Oh, an empty grave is there to prove that my Savior lives. Let me hear you sing it now. Because Oh yes. Because he lives, I can face [Music] tomorrow [Music] because he lives all fear. All the fear is gone with all your hearts now. And because I know, yes, I know he holds the future and life is worth a living just because he lives. How sweet to hold a newborn baby and feel the [Music] pride and the joy that he gives. But greater still. But greater still. The calm [Music] assures. This child can face uncertain days because he lives. Just let me hear you sing with all your hearts now. Because he lives I can face [Music] tomorrow. He lives. I'll just let it ring out to him now. All fear is gone. And because I know, yes, I know he holds the future and life is worth the living just because. Amen. I like this last verse. Let's sing with all our hearts now. And then one day I'll cross that river. I'll fight. No war with [Music] pain. Oh, and then as [Music] death it gives way to victory. Oh, I see the lights of glory and I know he lives with all your hearts now. Oh, because he lives. I can face. Amen. If you believe he's alive, can you put a hand up to him this morning? Oh, because he lives. All our fear is gone. All fear is gone. And because I know, oh yes, I know he holds the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. If you believe that, can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Sister Allison's going to sing for us and then Sister Anna is going to sing right after that. [Music] for your mercy fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. For all my life, you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. Oh, I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. For all my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the [Music] fire in darkest nights. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. Oh, I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of [Music] God. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] [Music] Oh, Daniel bowed his head and he prayed. No answer came. 21 days he cried, "Oh Lord, it seems that you haven't heard my prayers." God sent an angel. That same day, the prince of darkness stood in his way. The angel overthrew him. I can hear Daniel say power in prayer. There's power in prayer. If you believe standing right there for you to receive problems you face all that you need. power in prayer. He's the God that won't fail you down. Cast all your cares on him. You can take a heartache, turn it around in prayer. Now I have prayed and no answer came. Days turned to weeks, grief turned to pain and I cried. Oh Lord, it seems that you haven't heard my prayer. God said, "I heard the first time you called, but Satan tried to block your answer and stall. Reinforcements been made. Satan's had to withdraw. There's power in prayer. There's power in prayer. If you believe standing right there for you to receive problems you face all that you need power in prayer. He's the God that won't fail but friends let you down. Cast all your cares on him cuz I found he can take a heartache, turn it around. It's power in [Music] prayer. Now I have prayed but no answer came. Days turned to weeks, grief turned to pain, and I cried. Oh Lord, it seems that you haven't heard my prayer. But God said I heard the first time you called. Satan tried to block your answer and reinforcements been made. Satan's had to withdraw. Power in prayer. If you believe standing right there for you to receive the problems you face, he's all that you need. His power in prayer. He's a God that won't fail when friends let you down. Cast all your cares on him. I found he can take a heartache, turn it around. There's power in [Music] prayer. He can take a heartache, turn it around. There's power in prayer. [Music] You believe that this morning that there's power in prayer? Amen. Let's stand together as we change the order of the service. Let's do that. Holy Spirit rain down in the key of F. Amen. Did you come to just hear the word of the Lord this morning and receive from what God has for us? Amen. How many's ready for the word? Amen. Sounded so good worshiping God. I believe God is pleased with your worship this morning. And I believe if you can just pull on the gift of God, I know the pastor's just a little under the weather, so just pull on him extra hard this morning. make him work for it. And uh I believe the Lord's going to come down and just touch somebody in this service this morning. You believe it? And if you have a need as the word goes forth, I know I say this every time I get up here, but I believe it with all my heart. As the word goes forth, it can change lives, bring deliverance, it can heal your body. I believe the word's got power in it. And I believe we might as well just go ahead and let it work on us this morning. So with all our hearts as our pastor comes, Holy Spirit rain down. Won't you rain? Rain down. Oh comforter and friend, how we need your touch once again. Holy Spirit, [Music] pray down. Won't you just rain pray down? Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit. Rain, rain down with all your hearts now. Oh, Holy Spirit, rain. Is that what you wanted to do this morning? Oh, won't you rain? Rain down. Oh [Music] my and friend. Oh, how we need your touch. Oh, we need it this morning. Oh, Holy Spirit, rain, rain down. Why don't you rain rain down? Oh, let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit. It rain. Oh, rain down. Beloved this morning. Amen. You can have your seats for just a moment. That's all the music that we'll have this morning. Thank you for that. Just wonderful, wonderful words in the songs this morning. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all fear is gone. And and we heard about the goodness of God and the power of prayer. And that just blessed my heart this morning to see that. I There's a couple things I wanted to um go over with you before I begin preaching this morning. You just pray for me. I'll be able to that you'll be able to hear me and we'll make it through this morning. Um we're uh we've got just a couple of things. Brother Justin is most of you probably know this, but Justin White's going to be hope I'm not embarrassing you this morning, but he's going to be taking a new job back in Tennessee. And uh in his line of work, you kind of have to move where the work is, I guess. And and uh they're going to go back to Tennessee and and do that. They felt led to do that. And uh we've appreciated having them here, haven't we, for the last couple of [Applause] years. And so, uh, it's been such a blessing to have them here. Sister Stephanie shared with me, I'm hearing a ringing. I don't know if it's just me or if it's up here, but Sister Stephanie shared with me how much help she received here at the church. And and I appreciate you doing that. that meant so much to me because sometimes people come and go and and you don't think anything happened and and the Lord just really helped her through the ministry here and through you as a church body and and and I want to thank you for that. You always do that. You're so welcoming and so loving and I appreciate you. We want to stay that way. We don't want to ever get to where we're cold and formal and we don't we don't welcome new people. So, uh, we appreciate them, but we want to support, uh, Brother Justin, Sister Stephanie, and the children, and, um, maybe the Lord will wind their way back this direction one day. That's what I'm I'm praying for, but we'll be praying for them and believing the Lord will help them in their new venture. Uh, and so, we appreciate them. Uh, we've got, I never haven't mentioned brother Walt and Sister Alice Morgan with us and their daughter. So, Linda, it's good to have each one of you. and uh they've made this their church home for a few weeks now and I failed to mention that, but it's good to have you and we sure appreciate you being here with us. Go [Applause] ahead. We've got a couple of families I want you to keep in prayer. And the reason is because they haven't been able to be here lately because of work. And the Kings, Brother uh King and Sister Denise, they're um they've been gone for Nathan and Sister Denise, they've been gone for uh maybe a couple months now, a few months, and they're faithful. They count this as their church. They watch and pay their tithes and things, but they're out of state working. And would you just pray for them? We realize most of you that grew up in this area know how difficult it is to have a job. That's why so many of you drive so far to come to church. And you know how difficult that is. And yet, God has blessed us tremendously with jobs here in the church. And and people have been able to uh do things that uh uh kind of boggle my mind sometimes. how blessed that they've been financially and yet there's others that struggle and we want to pray for them that God will help them be able to find a job local. That's, you know, that's what we want so they can be in church and and I know there's others as well. Brother uh Jeremy Erskin, what a big blessing Jeremy and Rebecca have been to us and they've been in California lately. I think Rebecca may be coming back soon, but uh he's had to work out there. Um and uh we're just praying the Lord just changes that situation as well because we'd rather have them around us. And I think they'd be better off as well. And uh that's what we want to believe anyway. And but the Lord has a plan, doesn't he? And but it's our it's our uh desire that they'd be able to be here and be in the church service with us. Just know that you got more support. I know sometimes on Wednesday nights uh the crowd can get kind of small and then on Sunday morning you see most people here and it's exciting. But but uh there's there's more out there. It's kind of like when Elijah felt like he was all alone. He said there's 7,000 that haven't bowed their knee to bail. just sometimes jobs keep them out and things keep them out of the house of God. We're just believing that'll change and and and maybe it be some that maybe don't have the desire they need to have to come to church. We pray God will change that too because that you know there's got to be something in your heart. We don't we don't require attendance. We don't count which how many services you attend in a year. But we're just believing that uh a Christian is going to want to be in the house of God as much as they can. And there will be things that keep you out. But we're just believing the Lord will will help each one of us as we go forward. We don't know how long we've got here, but we know we're going to fight. We're going to keep planting our potatoes. We're going to keep building the church, doing everything we can for the church, for your families. We're going to do everything we can until the day we leave here. Can you say amen to that today? Let's just bind together and do that. Amen. Amen. I think that um uh well, there's a couple other things. One is our banquet. We got our meetings coming up and that's exciting in July, but our banquet in August. Uh some of your young people if you want to go ahead and sign them up. I know $25, you sitting there thinking, well, I could wait and spend that $25 later. But if you have any trouble with that, if you got several children and that's a a burden to you, just ask me and I'll I'll cover that for you. We're going to have a catered meal uh for that banquet for the young people 13 to to 30 unmarried. if we don't fill up, maybe some of our 12-year-olds kind of on the edge can go uh as well, but we'll just wait and see how that works. But if you're eligible to go, go ahead and sign up if you want to and and so we know who all is going to be there. And um so we'll do that. It's been five years since we were voted in officially. This Sunday is five years. And all I've got to say about that is through many dangers, toils, and snares, we have already come. and his grace that brought us safe this far. Aren't you glad for his grace and grace will lead us home. I couldn't be more happy with you as a church. Brother Brandon said if the church is happy and the pastor is happy then then uh things will get along real well. So I sure and I sure want to do the best job I can for you. If I'm ever not doing what I'm should be doing or I miss you in some way, come and tell me. I I'd be glad to to hear that. But I I want sure want to do the right thing for you and uh we'll get all out of here one of these days. I know I can't carry people to heaven, but I'm going to do everything I can to encourage them to go. So, we're just believing that. And brother Joel here with me. What a blessing Brother Joel has been. And brother Stewart, Brother Stewart's ministry has just taken off. And I've watched Joel's ministry. I'm kind of have to keep him here uh because I feel like he's going to be going out more, but we're just believing that that he'll just decide to stay here with us and preach for us more. But but brother Stewart ministry's deepened so much over the last couple years and what a blessing he is to me uh in in doctrinal things and things like that. I I really appreciate that. We that's what we feed on is the word and that's when everything else gives way, we always want to come back to the word and realize we got a hope in the word of God. This message is everything to us and so we we love it and we believe it. Let's stand together. I believe he that has begun a good work will keep it until that day. Do you believe that? Amen. God bless you. Thank you for bearing with me for just a moment. I can't preach real long this morning because I forgot to plug in my my iPad. So, so it uh we'll just see how that goes. Of course, brother Joel, his wouldn't matter if his died or not. But I want to speak to you this morning out of Matthew 5:13. Matthew 5:13-16. I want to title this this morning basket cases. Basket cases or why we are unafraid of fellowship. That's kind of an odd title, but I think you'll see where I'm going after we get going this morning. Matthew 5:13 says, "You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt have lost his savior, wherewith shall it be salted? It is thenforth good for nothing but to be cast out and to be trodden underfoot of men. Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. I pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. Let's bow our heads for just a moment. Heavenly Father, we want to approach you in prayer before we begin. And Lord, realizing that the the success of the service is completely up to you. I pray God that you'd move me out of the way and speak directly to each individual. Lord, maybe there'd be something that's not even in my notes, Lord, that that you'd have me to say that would help somebody. And I pray that you you'd help me to be humble enough and simple enough to do that. Pray you'd grant that, Lord. Move me out of the way and speak. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You could be seated this morning. basket cases or why we are unafraid of fellowship. Jesus is making the case to the disciples if you read back a little bit that even during persecution and especially during persecution salt needs to contact because it can't save, it can't preserve unless it contacts. And light needs to be public, right? Salt needs to contact and light needs to be public. You you are salt. That's what Jesus said. You are salt as long as you have savor. In other words, as long as you have lost your potency. And and so, you know, salt is kept fresh in private, right? And that's the way our lives are. We we're kept fresh in private. We That's where we gain our strength. That's where we gain our potency to be a witness. It's in private. It's in our prayer time. It's in our study of the word. It's in our It's in our wrestling things out with God. That's where that's where salt actually gains its its potency or keeps its potency. But it must contact to do any good. So you've got to take the salt and you got to put it on the food. Is that right, brother Trip? You you just got to take the salt and put it on the food. You can't you can't leave the salt off or your food is unseasoned and it won't won't be saved. So salt is not used for itself, right? It's used to save other things and season other things. So, it's used for completely for Nobody goes and gets a bunch, at least I don't think they do. Nobody gets a bunch of salt and just sits there and eats it. But it's really good when you have it on other things. So, salt is used to save other things and season other things. And and then he uses the example of a candle. A candle actually consumes itself to give light. So it's kind of an oxymoron, but the the the brighter the candle burns, the more it is consumed, right? So you you find that the faster it melts because it's burning brighter. But that's its purpose, right? Its entire purpose of the candle is to is to burn up so that others can see. So in Matthew 5:14 again, he said, "You are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Like you're going to see it. It's going to be found. Verse 15. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel. Now that word bushel actually means a basket. It's a basket used for measuring grain. So you don't put your candle under a basket or you are quite literally a basket case. You see what I'm doing there? That may be a little bit of a reach, but I just wanted you to remember it. So, if you if you put your candle under a bushel, you're quite literally a basket case. So, and what is a basket case? If you go look up the definition of the word, it actually means useless. Useless. A basket case is somebody that is just lost it emotionally. They just they just can't uh can't do anything and because they're just a basket case, right? They're just useless because they're so stirred up or so upset. And so you say someone is a basket case there. Uh and and so uh a basket case light under a bushel is literally useless and will go out. So brother Brandham speaks of denomination as that bushel basket right that that hides the light. So I want you to keep that in your mind. organization, denomination is the bushel basket that hide hides the light because in an effort to keep the light in an effort to preserve it, in an effort to uh to make sure that nothing bothers it, maybe to shield it from the wind. We we had denominational basket weavers that made uh baskets to put over the light of the word and said, "This is as far as we're going to go." But that candle was meant to be burned up in its age and the next one to come on, right? But but yet they couldn't see that. And so they built a denominational bushel basket put over it. Brother Brandon says, "You are the light of the world." But if it's hid by a denominational bushel basket, how are they going to see it? For your traditions, you make the light of no effect. So the the the denominational bushel basket could be creeds and dogmas and traditions outside the message of the hour. And and sometimes even as message people, we tend to get into that where we're adding things to the message, adding burdens that we don't want to bear ourselves, but we add burdens for other people to bear that brother Brandham didn't really say or the or the Bible doesn't speak of clearly. And so we just kind of kind of our opinion and we just kind of add it like it's fact. And what are we doing? We're building a basket over the light. And we're if we're not careful, our tradition makes the light of no effect. He said by trying, he said, you denominational trying to keep the light away from your church. He said, neither you, he said, you won't go in, neither will you let them. Yeah. Right. So there the the basket keeps everything out, keeps everything in. So the basket obviously is turned upside down on the the candle and it hides it from its purpose. So Jesus again is speaking of persecution when he says that knowing it would be natural to hide from persecution. But he said, 'If you if you hide, you can't serve your purpose. And I wish more people in the message had understood that earlier on, maybe we'd be further down the road than what we are. But if we hide, we can't serve our purpose. There's no point in hiding our services. There's no point in hiding. And people say, "Well, you should just cut everything off and hide everything from the from the public." I don't see a point in that when we're actually called to be the light of the world. If we believe what we're preaching, if we believe what we're saying, if we believe this is the best way to live, if we believe that the Lord's coming, if we believe that things are things are only going to get worse in the world, but we're going up one of these days, we should want everybody to know about that. So, my purpose today, and Satan has fought me this week, and in my body, but I think it's just a maybe maybe it's meant to be said. Maybe I needed to slow down to say it in the right way. But my purpose today is to be a voice and not to be different, but to explain and defend why we do what we do when it comes to fellowship and outreach and and spreading the light and even missionary work. So we I want to defend what we do. And when I say what we do there, I have an approach. We have an approach as a church to uh to the way we fellowship with people and who we fellowship with. And we get to choose that, right? We we get to choose who we fellowship with, who we promote, what meetings we go to, things like that. And I want to defend because most of you know I've kept that wide open. And I've tried to go even when it wasn't convenient for me to go. But I've been questioned about that. And I've had people, not from our church, but I've had people that uh told me I was pandering. I've had people that told me that I just trying to get in a group and things like that. And I want to I want to challenge your thinking on that because we haven't changed what we preach here. We haven't changed what we do here, right? What we do is is is our local church, the sovereignty of our local church. And the things that I preach are the things I've preached most of my life. It's just more depth of the word and and things that we've come into. But I've not changed what we do or what we preach. I've been doing this for for 25 years. We don't uh I'm not changing that. I still believe in the blood. I still believe in the cross. I I still believe in in grace. I still believe that that that the last one hasn't come in or we would be gone. And and so on. The big things, we've stayed the same. And so I I I want people to understand that uh you know a lot of times what people think is compromise. And what they think is is is actually in a church if you can do it right, it could be compromise if you did it wrong. But if you did it right, it could actually be shining a light and helping people that need it. Because and let me say this, we need help, too. We're nobody anointed us as the only church in the message. That's right. There's other churches that can help us, other pastors that can help us. And my criteria for having a man to stand behind this pulpit is not how big his name is or or anything like that. It's regardless of that. I don't I don't use him because he's a big preacher or a small preacher. I use him because he helps the people a and because of fellowship and things that's helped the church. And so we'll do that and we'll continue to do that. So I I want to defend us a little bit in that and kind of help you understand why we do what we do if you ever wonder or if anyone questions it. Now, uh, and given that this has been 5 years since we've been here, you kind of know what we do, so I don't have to go into that too deeply. Now, in my experience, most of the separation that we see in the message, most of it, not all of it. Some of it need it needed to separate. But most of it is due to personal complexes, fights between preachers or congregations and differences of of opinion on something where there is no scriptural teaching, no clear scriptural teaching, no clear message teaching, and people just have a little different opinion over this. This person said, "Well, they don't believe the word." They don't believe your version of it. Right? That's really what it comes down to. And we need to learn to have grace for one another because the truth is we're not all going to do things the same. I'm reminded of that as my kids get older. And and and I'm not going to handle my children the same way you handle yours. And that's okay, right? I don't have to handle my ch You don't have to you don't have to take me as a as I'm just going to do what you do. You don't have to do that. You go according to the word. And I appreciate you taking advice and things like that, but you you go according to the word with your children. Don't just do what we do as a church. you you do what uh what what you know is right to do and you'll come out all right because we we uh a lot of times people will separate even in the church they'll get a little click here a little click there because that family's different or this person's different and they do things differently than they do and we don't want that here we we want to all come together and when we're together we need to be together and and and there's going to be natural divisions in the sense that some of the older men I noticed in the fellowship hall they'll come sit together and the younger men will sit together and that's natural birds of a feather flock together. But yet at the same time, we got to take time to cross out of those groups now and then. Talk to people we don't normally talk to because you might be a big help. Some of you young people might be a big help to some of our elders if you'd spend some time with them and talk to them and encourage them because they face discouragement every day. How do you know, brother Ben? Because I'm getting old. I'll be 40 this year. So, some of y'all that are twice my age, I don't know how you do it. I just It's just impossible. But the Lord helps you. I'm sure sometimes sometimes it's simply fear. Fear. A lot of times it's fear of a pastor because a pastor will feel like, well, I'm not as good a preacher as this other preacher. So if I have him in to preach or if I go to his meeting and support him, I'll lose people to him. And that's a real fear because, you know, in a small church, you miss everybody that leaves, right? You don't you it's not it's not that you don't notice. You really notice. There's a hole there. And so a lot of pastors just get to where they're defensive on that. And and but but it's still not right. Yeah. It's explainable, but it's not right. And and so and but sometimes it's fear of of fellowship. So they'll say, "Well, if I'm seen seen preaching to those people or fellowshipping with those people, I'll be excommunicated from my group or I'll lose pulpits." And I'll say this to ministers. We don't have very many ministers here this morning, but we got brother Stewart and brother uh Brother Joel, but uh we uh as they call him Brother Juel, but uh Brother Juel in the making right there. But if we if we uh what was I going to say? I cracked myself up. But in when talking to preachers, we want to make sure that we don't operate out of fear, but out of a desire to help people. And and my advice to young preachers, if you start preaching, you young men, maybe Jaden would be a minister or or or one of these boys right sitting right here, you all uh these these are fine young men, aren't they? and and they might decide and brother uh Landon over here with his suit on and tie. There's three young men sitting there with a suit and tie on and I like that. And and these young men are there and they're all different, but they might be preachers one day and not just the ones wearing suit and ties either because I didn't always wear a suit and tie when I was younger, but but you you know, you might be a minister someday. And remember this, find a way to support yourself. And that may sound like just kind of carnal advice, but you need to because if you can't support yourself where you can be dependent, what happens is then as your ministry grows, if you are, if God has called you with a gift to help people, eventually you get to the point where uh you feel like you're dependent on the whims of pastors and the whims of churches, you can't really preach what you want to because your family's going to suffer. And I'll say pastors shouldn't do that, right? There may be a man come and preach a weekend here and he may come and preach something I don't agree with at all. I will not withhold his offering because of that. That's right. Right. Especially if it's a full-time evangelist because the man's living from that. And the Bible says they have a right to do that. And I'm thankful y'all have kept me full-time these five years. But I've got a career that I could go back to if I had to. Right? Because and it's something that uh something that you do. You need something to do because you don't want to get to the point where you have to call people to go out and preach, right? You need to you need to be able to and I know there'll be others listening to this and I I've been very clear about this personally with some young men, but you need to you need to make sure that you're not calling people, but they're calling you. And that's when you know it's time to go full-time is when you can't stay home because they're calling you all the time. So, and there's very few because the world doesn't like what we preach much and and the worldly church doesn't like what we preach much. But, but I'll tell you what, I'd rather preach what we preach and work and and do the things I need to do, work with my hands if I have to, right, to preach what we preach because we believe it's the truth. Do you you believe it this morning? So, that was all introduction. So, I I want to and we'll start this this morning and maybe finish up just a few minutes before communion tonight. I'm looking forward to our communion service. I haven't had one in a while. But what should our attitude be towards these kinds of people? Number one, like-minded believers. And they've already got that on the screen. And then number two, believers with whom we disagree. Number three, nominal Christians. And then tonight we'll deal with those who are apostate or who have left who uh refuse to live right or something but claim to be believers. and those who were sinners. But and there that's actually more positive than you think it is. So don't say I'm going to skip tonight's service. That sounds really negative. But it's more positive than what you think because every one of us were sinners one day. Thank God for grace. So but I want to deal with like-minded believers, believers with whom we disagree and nominal Christians uh this morning. And and what I want to show you is Paul's actions towards these folks because he is the pattern for every ministry. I got that quote. I'll read it to you tonight and the actions of our messenger as well who followed that pattern. So we know that Paul, we know that Paul had a pattern to his ministry and we know that brother Brandon followed that pattern because beyond the curtain of time, they said you he said I preached what Paul preached and they said we're resting on that. So he taught the same thing. So like-minded believers, that's the very uh the easiest one that we can come to. In 1 Corinthians 1:10, he says, "I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you all speak the same thing, that there be no divisions among you, be perfectly joined together in the same mind in the same judgment." And that that that's pretty easy if you all can achieve that because we flock together because we're nearly identical birds, right? And so we do flock together and it's easy to do that. But I want to warn you that this group doesn't even include everyone in your own church. Right. Right. You're not going to be like-minded always with any that's what we should strive for to have the same mind to have the same unity. But it's not always going to be everybody in the same church. Not everybody's going to think like us about music. Not everybody's going to think like us about h about how our kids uh how we be how we discipline our kids. Not everybody's going to think like us on different things. And and we have a word. We have a message we all agree on, right? Right? We believe that the the Bible is our standard. We believe the message of the hour is the light on that scripture that without it, we wouldn't know how to live. And yet at the same time, we have different diverging opinions of that. And that's okay. Yeah. That's okay. It's But it's wonderful when people can be in unity. Come on. Right. When people can come in unity, and I found that many times it's not that you don't have any differences, but it's that you put them aside and you say, "This morning we're going to have church, and this morning we're going to live for God. This morning we're going to see our loved ones saved this morning. And when you put them together for a common goal like they did on the day of Pentecost, they were different. They had differences, but they came in one mind, one accord. So the Bible tells us to not forsake the assembling of ourselves together as a manner of summas, but exhorting one another so much more as you see the day approaching. So he teaches us that we should exhort one another to meet together to assemble and that is literally the synagogue the church right assembling of ourselves what that word means it's the body of believers that assemble in the church as you see the day approaching and we find that Paul and brother Brandham both assembled themselves with local believers I know this is elementary but we're going somewhere this morning they assembled themselves with local believers in Acts 11:25 uh Barnabas then departed Barnabas to Tarsus for to seek Saul. When he found him, he brought him to Antioch. And it came to pass a whole year they assembled themselves with the church and taught much people. So Paul went to church even when he wasn't preaching, right? And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch. That's when they begin to be noticed and when their light begin to shine, right? Come out under the from under the bushel basket. I know people think that assembling together is denominational, but it's actually anti-denominational and because when we assemble together, that's one way that our light shines. Now, Ephesians 2:6, he hath raised us up together, made us sit, someone say with me this morning, together. He made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Brand said, "Oh, what could happen tonight if we would be sitting here in a heavenly atmosphere and the Holy Spirit moving over every heart that's been regenerated and become a new creature in Christ Jesus?" all sins under the blood in perfect worship with our hands up to God, our hearts lifted, sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, worshiping together in heavenly. Isn't that wonderful when that happens? You can come together and worship God. And we want to encourage that. We want more of that. We don't put your differences aside and worship God. He's worthy of our praise. Even when we don't feel good, even when things aren't going right, he's worthy of our praise. Those times are wonderful. But you know, many times what happens is people get to weave in baskets. I I don't mean this offensive. If there's any basket weavers here, y'all just go ahead and do that. That's we're talking about spiritually. But we go to weaving baskets said, "Let's protect this the way we have church." Come on. Right. Our style of worship. And so we put traditions over it and denomination organiz organize it and the light goes out becomes ineffective to people. We are to continue to assemble in whatever way possible with other believers. Do we leave the earth by grave or rapture? That's a challenge to us. I know some of y'all don't, especially our older folks, you don't feel like coming to church, but we're called to do that. Now, there may be a times that you can't come, but we have streaming for that. And I'll say this sometimes I wish streaming didn't exist, but I'm grateful for it for those that can't come because it really does make a difference if you can't be in the house of God and you want to be because people that don't want to come to church probably won't watch the stream either. So people that you agree with pretty easy, right? Brother Brandon tells us you can't stay home and be just he said how can you stay home and be just as good a Christian as you would be at church? can't do it. That's pretty flat. But when brother Brandham, he says that twice in the message, and if you'll find where he goes back and ties it to, he does not just throwing that out there. He ties it back to Hebrews. Ties it back to assembling ourselves together. Uh and and much more as we see the day approaching. He ties it back to scripture because brother Brandon's not just saying that. He's saying this is what the Bible says. This was the light on the scripture. So the the second one is believers with whom we disagree. And we're going to spend more time on this one, but there will be good people in the church who you disagree with. I know y'all are angels, but for me, right? And some of it's misunderstanding. You just somebody come by and say something to you like, "Well, that's not right." You know, maybe you don't know where they're coming from. And so we give them the benefit of the doubt most of the time. and we just let it go. But there will be good people we disagree. There will be good people in other churches, including pastors whom we disagree with. And I'll teach something a certain way, maybe they teach something a little different. And and I had to get this revelation. And I think it'd do good for all of us to have this revelation. My grandpa always put it this way. He said, "We could all He said, "We could all be wrong, but we can't all be right. There's only one truth. But we could all be wrong because there's many errors. And I believe we have the truth. I believe we stand for the truth. But there I have enough about me to understand that I don't understand everything perfectly. And some things that I thought were wrong in the past, I've turned to it. So I you have to have the humility to to kind of do that. So many times uh we enter a conversation as if we were omnipotent. Right? But David said always we do we just walk in the situation say this belongs here and this this is what you do and this is what this is what God says. All right. Especially with other people's kids you know other churches. Well, this is what that pastor ought to do with his church. Ronald Reagan told that joke about, excuse me for joking, but it just comes to mind. Kind of fits. Ronald Reagan told that joke about being in uh the Russian man and the American man talking. The American man said, "We got freedom in our country." He said, "I can walk up to Ronald Reagan's desk." He said, "I can pound on the desk and say, Ronald Reagan, I don't like what way you're running your country." And the Russian man said, "Well, I can do that, too." He said, "I can walk in Gorbachov's office in the Kremlin. I can walk up, pound on the desk, and say, "I don't like the way Ronald Reagan's running his country." Is that the way we are so many times? We're not omnipotent. We're always looking at what other people are doing wrong. And then that's natural. That's human. But we got to examine ourselves sometimes and realize that, yeah, if I'm going to be able if I'm going to criticize, I got to be able to take criticism. And the way you're raising your family right now may not be the best way, but I'm glad for grace and mercy because if you're doing your best by the word, he'll he if you raise them up right, he he promised he would honor that. But but you may make mistakes. I've made many mistakes with my children. And things I wish I could do differently. But as we grow, we learn and and you got to learn some things. And it's just part of growing up. And you may do things differently. And I'm not just talking about children, but churches as well. We may do things. There's things I did five years ago I wouldn't do today, right? There's things we just wouldn't do that maybe we did back then. But it's just you learn how to do things, right? Hopefully, you get better and not worse. Hopefully, you grow. And how do we grow, though? We grow by being around people who are smarter than us, people who know more than us. And that's just about everybody for me. See, if we go into a conversation as if we're an omnipotent being, that there's no way for that to come out good. Because if they disagree with us, they're disagreeing with God. But I want to ask you this morning, what do you have to believe to be a believer? Come on. I want to challenge us on that. What do you have to believe to be a believer? I'm not going to answer it either. I want you to think about that. What do you have to believe to be a believer? I hate it when preachers ask questions they don't answer, but you realize maybe it's not what we think. Yeah. Right. You got to settle that in your own heart. What do you have to believe? Do you have to believe Brother Ram was a prophet? Do you have to believe in the opening of the word? Do you have to believe in Jesus? Does that make you a believer? Like what what is it that makes you a believer? Think about it. say, "Well, we can fellowship with believers, but what makes you a believer?" I'll say this. We're baptized into one body by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And brother Brandham says this about differences. He said, "God give them the Holy Ghost and give me the Holy Ghost." He said, he said he give the Holy Ghost to them that obey him. He said, "So they must have obeyed him to get the Holy Ghost." So we may have a difference, but they must have obeyed God. They wouldn't be sealed in that way in that manner. So what what do you have to believe again? What what would you have to what what would someone have to be to be a saint? Now, I want everybody to do something this morning. This wasn't planned at all, but I want you to think of somebody. Don't say it, but just think of somebody that you think of as a saint. A saint. I, you know, I don't mean a Catholic saint. I mean a real saint in the church. And I know some of you thought of brother Danny. A lot of us thought of Sister Fritz. Sister Vicki, some of these elders that are out here. I'm going to leave the wives out. I'm always promoting Brother Danny. He's my buddy. But some of you thought of different ones. Some of you thought of yourself. But you know what saint means? Sanctified one. How many here are sanctified? by the blood. You don't do that by your you your life has changed from what you were to what you are now. That's sanctification. Well, then you're a saint. Good. Right. That's right. And and so we can fellowship around that. Saints. Now the the Corinthian church when Paul comes to the Corinthian church, he had that church had immorality in it. Extreme immorality. Yeah. Divisions, different ideas about holy days and eating meat and the gifts so out of order unbelievers thought they were crazy. He said, "The unbeliever walks in and says, "You're mad." And so when Paul writes to him, you know, the first thing we might expect Paul to do is say, "I know not many of you believe, but maybe there's somebody there who's willing to listen." And Paul is very hard on the Corinthians. Very, very hard. Yes. Go read it. It's very difficult. He said, "Do you want me to show up?" He said, "I'd be even harder on you if I showed up instead of writing a letter." But look what he calls him. Paul called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ to the will of God. And Sustines, our brethren, our brother unto the church of God, including those who had divisions. Yeah. Those who said, "I'm a Paul. I'm a Peter. of Christ. Y including those who including those who were And you say, "How do you know it includes those?" Because that's what he dealt with, even including the man who was committing immorality. But he had to be dealt with, right? But he was included in the church. That's the reason he had to be dealt with. Yeah. if he was part of the church which is at Corinth to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus called to be saints with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord both theirs and ours. Grace be unto you and peace from God our father from the Lord Jesus Christ. You say, "Well, maybe he changed his mind in his second letter when they didn't really some some of them didn't obey." Because he gets even harder in his second letter, although some things get changed. But in 2 Corinthians 1:1, he says, "Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ, by the will of God, Timothy, our brother, he said, unto the church of God, which is at Corenth with all the saints which are in Akayiah, grace be to you and peace from God, our father, from the Lord Jesus Christ." If you listen to Paul, no matter what he's got to say to them, he really comes out hard on the Galatians early. But but no matter what he's got to say to them, he always greets them as church saints. And he always tells them, "You're called of God. You're elected. You're going to make it. Now, who has bewitched you?" All right. Go read the letters of Paul. He deals with them in a very blunt way. But they were believers. They were saint sanctified ones. And so Paul taught that there were different levels of faith. Romans 14:1, "Him that is weak in the faith receive you." But not to doubtful disputation. So in other words, if they're going to just argue, right? That you can't have that. You can't have just constant argument in the church. But if they'll sit there and listen, receive one that is weak. For one believeth that he may eat all things, another who is weak eateth herbs. So, one believes he can eat the but strong in faith believes he can eat bacon. I don't think we have any Amen. They said I don't think he I don't think we have any problem with that. I mean, most of us, just by looking around, I suspect we most of us eat bacon. But, but one believeth that he may eat all things. Another who is weak eateth herbs. He's weak, but he's a brother. Good. They're weak, but they're a sister. Amen. Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not. Let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth. For God hath received him. Who art thou that judge another man's servant? In other words, if I had a servant, he was my butler, let's say, and he he kept the house and he set the table and he did all of that. Who are you to judge my servant? Right? You can judge your own servant, right? Tell him how to set the table. Tell him how to greet guests at the door. But you can't judge my servant because I'm the one that pays him. So he said, "Who art thou that judgeth another man's servant? To his own master? He standeth or fallth. Yay, he shall be holden up, for God is able to make him stand. One man esteemth one day above another, another esteemth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." Oh, Paul, you got to bring clarity to this. You got to you got to bring you realize even in the message there's some things brother Brandham doesn't bring complete clarity to and some things he waits for years to bring complete clarity to because he doesn't want to hurt people you say is he compromising no he's doing what God called ministers do he's following the pattern right and that's not to say we shouldn't stay with the word if there's a clear teaching of the word but sometimes people have to they got to grow out of what they are to what they will be none of us would want to be approached with the things we understand now when we first come in the message when we first were saved we we'd be blown away by it but we understand now more than we used to understand or hope that we do and why is that because because there's something in our heart that is matured and God called ministers work with us to help us to grow us into that maturity he said he that regardeth the day regardeth it to the Lord that regardeth not the day to the Lord he does not regard it he that eateth eateth to the Lord he giveth the Lord thanks he that eateth to the Lord, he eateth not and giveth God thanks. For none of us liveth to himself. No man dieth to himself. Whether we live, we live to the Lord. Whether we die, we die to the Lord. Whether we live, therefore, or die, we are the Lord's. And and and again, uh verse 10, keep down to verse 10. But why dust thou judge thy brother? Why dust thou said it not thy brother? In other words, say he's nothing because he don't have the faith I do. For we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ. Every one of us is going to answer either here or at the white throne judgment. Right? All of us have to stand before the judgment seat of Christ. For as written, as I live, sayith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me and every tongue shall confess to God. So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God. Let us not therefore judge one another anymore. But judge this rather, that no man put a stumbling block or an occasion to fall in his brother's way. So we're not to entrap people. Yeah. Put something out there that's difficult for them to understand. Wait for them to trip over it and laugh at them when they do. Come on. Right. That's not what we're supposed to do. That's right. He said, "I know and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus, there's nothing unclean of itself. But to him that esteemth anything to be unclean, him it is unclean. But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat, now walkst thou not charitably, destroy." This is a powerful scripture. Destroy not him with thy meat for whom Christ died. Now when he says not to doubtful disputations, if somebody comes in tries to make everybody else do that, you got to deal with that. Yeah. But if somebody's willing to just sit themselves and say, "Well, this is what I believe. This is my revelation." Let them sit there good, right? Don't destroy with your with your meat what God what God whom Christ died. Let not then your good be evil spoken of. For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God and approved to men. Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace and things wherewith one may edify another. Good. I want to ask you, I want to challenge this this morning and not just to us, but but especially to us. Was Paul a compromiser? Was he a panderer? Did he go up to the council of Jerusalem just to be seen or he identified with a group? He didn't agree with them. Right. In fact, he disagreed vehemently. Had heated arguments with with Peter, Barnabas, and Mark, and James, right? Heated arguments with them. And they were all Holy Ghost fil men. Yes. But he never put a basket over his light by dysfellowshipping with him. Brother Brandham tells us, "If you can't disagree with a man and things, then shake his hand, still have the same feelings towards him, there's something wrong with you." If I can't disagree with a man bitterly from one side to the other. So, it's not wrong to disagree. Some things need to be challenged and still think as much of him as Christ would, then there's something wrong with my spirit. I have the spirit of Christ. So, I have to be able to think that way. Listen, you young people, you say, "Well, there's nothing in this for me." Yeah, there is. When you disagree with your parents, do you still love them? You still have the spirit of Christ about it, right? Or do you say, "Well, I can't wait till I'm 18." You know, tell you, ask Peter, "How much changes when you turn 18?" You know, not much if you don't have much money. I'm proud of my son. Now look, Brother Brandon proved I know I'm taking it slow. I have to no other way to do it, but my iPad's about to run out of battery, so we'll have to close. So, that's good. Brother Brandon proved how he dealt with he proved uh that he believed this and that it was how he dealt with the churches in his area. There's five churches that I know of that I found in the immediate area that Brother Brandham called sister churches. Some of y'all may know of more. If you do, tell me later. But one was Brother Graham Snelling. You've heard that name on the tapes probably. Brother Graham Snelling. Brother uh Brother Graham was the associate pastor at the tabernacle until 1950. And he was uh had to leave. uh there was some things in his life and that he had to leave and him and brother Brandham didn't agree on deacons and things like that so he had to leave and brother Brandham did not let that hinder their fellowship in fact brother Graham Stelling started a church right down the road a few miles away brother Graham he said met me today and said now brother Bill I'm sure that you understand I'm not here to start up another work in opposition to the tabernacle because I'm part of the tabernacle he feels upon his heart that he wants to hold a revival and the Lord holding leading him to do and he invites the converts and he has a church to pour them right down. Here's a church home. If you get in, get converted. And it's our duty as Christians to back him with everything we can. Where do we reach the place that just because they weren't our church don't mean if they can be a help? Yeah. Not everybody does things the way we do them, but if they can be a help, I wish there were churches in every community that that promoted the light of the message of the hour. If they can be a help, let them be a help. Right now, it's our duty as Christians to back him up with everything we can. And the Lord blessed Brother Graham. And you're everyone cordially invited to Brother Graham's meeting up here with full permission from this church with the full cooperation to help him in any way we can for lost souls and for the kingdom of God. Brother Brandham wasn't building a kingdom, right? He was building the kingdom of God, right? He said, "Lord, bless you, brother Graham. Give you great meetings. He don't know when he's going to close. He's just starting." So, Brother Graham has had it like myself, many ups and downs. That's the way life runs. He said, "It makes you appreciate the upset. He went through the downs. He said, "If a man makes a drop and lays there, he's a coward." Come on, church. Why would we want a man to continue to lay down? Come on. If he falls, why would we want him to continue? What kind of a spirit would be in us would want a man to continue to wallow in his sin? Yes. We want him to come out of that. Or a woman, we want him to come out of that. We don't want to sit there and every time they every time they get up, knock them back down again. We want to see them come out and be helped. Come on. Cuz somebody helped me. Somebody saw something in me. Let's see something in our brothers and sisters. Yes. Brother Junior Jackson had a disagreement with brother Brandham over church order. This is relevant right now in the message. Never thought it would be at this late stage, but it is. And brother Junior Jackson, he he talks about church order. He said he had a right to disagree with that. He wants his church that people all want to speak with tongues and things in the audience. That's brother Junior's troubles. That's up to him. He said, "But Junior Jackson believes this message the same as any of the rest of us does." He's one of us and it's not a dead bird to go there. Junior Jackson is a man of God that I love with all my heart and it's not here tonight so I can really pour it on the way I want to. He said in Don Rutle, I don't think Don's here tonight because they got a church of their own. But if I seen every person come to this tabernacle walk out and go to Don Rutles or Brother JT Parnell's or these brothers here, this our brothers here and fellow citizens of the kingdom, I'd be so happy. I wouldn't know what to do. I'd say, "Lord, fill this one back up again. Let's pour it out and fill up another one. I'd love it. I'd love to see those boys." Said, "They're my children." He said, "Now, JT, ready, the rest of them don't have to believe just like I do. They don't have to do that. As I told you this morning, I don't even agree with my wife." Somebody said, "Amen." She don't agree with me. What if I went to the table and Junior got apple pie and I got cherry pie? Brother, we're both eating pie. We'll agree that. He said, "We both preach the same gospel." He said his church discipline. And he said, you know, Peter and Paul had differences, not in their doctrines, but the way Peter was behaving himself. And listen, Peter was wrong. But he wasn't not a brother. There's a difference. We can point out a wrong, but but that's still a brother. It's when you It's when you put the bushel basket over. Come on, church. And you begin to say, "Well, they're we're different than we are on how they let the gifts operate. So, we're going to build our bushel basket and put it over our light." Very good. How could we ever help somebody? And I've got enough confidence in you as a church that I believe you you are going to be a help to somebody. I believe we've grown from milk to the meat of the word. I believe we can help people by fellowshipping with people. I don't believe we're we're noviceses anymore. Most of us are not noviceses. We we know some things. We've been around for a while. Let's try to love people and help people and be a light to people. Yes. Good. Brother Don Ruddle was the third one. And brother Brandham was preaching at Graham Snelling's church. Brand preached for them and and dedicated some of their churches. Can you imagine a new church starting in this area? Don't do it. Can you imagine, brother Stewart, a new church in starting up in our area and me going and preaching the dedication? Brother Brand looks at things differently than we do. So, they were all I hope I'm not boring you this morning. I I felt like I needed to preach this and I'm just kind of fighting through some things. So, y'all thank you for your prayers. Brother Brandon was at uh Don Graham Stanley's church singing Room at the Fountain, old song. He said, "I remember when we used to sing it, get down at the altar on our knees and sing it down at the tabernacle years ago." He said, "You know this kind?" He said, "Y'all still got that free religion here." You know what? This going to shock you. There were things about Brother Brandham's own church he disagreed with. True. He didn't kill people over it. He didn't run them out. There were things about his own church he'd rather have different, right? But we're human beings, we're trying to make it. So he said, you used to have, you still got that, oh, I want that free religion here. I want it to always be here. He said like we used to have down at the tabernacle. You can still clap your hands and praise the Lord and have a good time. So, they tell me, "Brother Ruddle here has got that kind of tabernacle out on the highway. I'll slip out and hear him one of these nights. He had an awful time getting him pushed out, but he's finally burning them up out there now. God bless you, Brother Rutle." Brother JT Parnell, Brother JT Parnell, and I I want to say this, none of these men fully embraced the message. None of them did, right? Some of one church became uh full gospel. Most of the other churches are are gone. There's one church that's in real extreme doctrinal uh differences and things, but brother Brandham treated them. So, it wasn't like, well, I just I know what they're going to be, so I'm going to be patient with them. No, he was treating them right because it was the right thing to do. Right. So, he he said about brother JT Parnell, who's another pastor, another church, he said, "Don't forget these little churches." He's encouraging people to come to church on Wednesday night at the Brandom Tabernacle. He said, "But don't forget these little churches like Brother Ruddle, Brother Jackson, Brother Parnell, all those little brethren who are struggling hard out there." See, he said, "They feel like that we are their sister church here. See, we kind of like a little mother group to them. That's where they were born out of here, pastors and so forth." Brother Ed Hooper was another brother. And he said, "I seen brother Junior Jackson standing there. I seen brother Ruddle." He said, "Then brother, that's our sister church that's led out and the others. We certainly appreciate it. I see Brother Hooper standing up along the wall there from Udica, the church there. We certainly appreciate y'all's fine cooperation in this. Yes. Five different churches plus the tabernacle. So, there's six churches in the area. All disagreed on things, but they were willing to fellowship. So, Brother Brandham fellowshipped. Huh? Now, if they're not willing, there's nothing you can do about that. But if they are willing, you try to fellowship. And without fellowship, what do we become? And I want to challenge us. I want to challenge us a little bit tonight on even with sinners. Like we've got to touch shoulders with the world, rub shoulders with the world because if we don't, we can't be a light to them, right? We want to be public as public as we can be because we don't know who the last one is. We want to be a light. We want to be a city on a hill. We want to be a a candle that hasn't had a bushel denominational bushel basket set over it. So even with nominal Christians, that would be the third one. But without fellowship with believers you disagree with. Now they are believers. There is a difference in a believer in a denominational church. Right? We don't promote meetings in denominational churches. Now, if you had a family member, a friend that you wanted to go to one, that'd be up to you. That'd be fine. I I just make sure you don't take in that teaching. But but that'd be fine, right? You could you could fellowship as long as you knew you could help them. But but we don't promote fellowship with denominational because that denomination will come and try to take away from you what you have. But we do promote fellowship with fellow believers we disagree with. Right? Are you with me now? If not, you become a basket case. Right? And you just sit there and there's nothing going on. And you wonder, we never baptize anybody. Well, maybe because you don't ever want to baptize anybody. Nobody's good enough. Yeah. Nobody knew ever comes to church. Well, maybe because nobody's ever good enough to come to church. You don't so you you don't think they're bride material. I I I got to where I almost hated that phrase. I know brother Brandham says bride material, but the bride material, listen to me. The woman at the well was bride material. And and the and the a and the uh the men there, the Pharisees, the priests, the priests who didn't do one thing wrong in their whole life, they were not bride material. They had no representation in heaven. You can't look at somebody and say, "Well, that's not bride material." You don't know who the bride's going to be. There may be bride in the prisons. Locked up for life, never able to come to church, but they're elected by God. And somehow word will get through to them. That's the truth of it. Paul preached in the synagogue every chance he got. That was the closest thing that we have to nominal Christians today would have been the Jewish synagogue. Now anywhere Paul preached, they kicked him out. Why? He preached the word. He preached Christ. So every city he goes in, he preaches the synagogue for a while and then they kick him out. Goes to another city, preaches the synagogue for a while, kick him out. The same thing happened to brother Brandham as he get farther along in his ministry. The doors closed because of what he was preaching. So I don't believe that a man of God could stand in the Baptist pulpit for year after year after year and preach and not get kicked out. Right? that it's going to happen unless they all come to the message right in that church and then things would be different. But brother Brandham always makes a great effort to distinguish the people from the system. And he took a question and I'm not going to read this because I don't have time. I'm running out of time. So I'm going to skip several paragraphs here. Brother Robert and I apologize. But brother Brandham talks to a Methodist uh couple. Her husband is Methodist and she's a believer and she said, "Should I go with him?" And he tells her, he says, 'Go with him when we're not having church, right? When we're not having church, he said, ' It's okay for you to go with him. He said, 'But because he was letting her come to church, so keep coming to church, right? You need church, but he said, if you if you want to go with him when he's not, he said, that's fine. He said, but he said, if I be lifted up, he said, I'll draw all men to me. This is the last quote in that questions and answers. I'd go, but be real careful. Don't join their church, though. So, see the difference in that? If it's somebody we maybe disagree a little bit with, but they're in the message, right? And I'm not talking there's some things you can't support, like some immorality and things you got to, right? You you got to you got to walk away from that until it gets fixed. But watch for reconciliation. But there's some things that that you can you can swallow your pride. And because they have longer services than us, which almost everybody does, believe it or not, doesn't mean they're not Christians. And because their music's different from ours don't mean they're not Christians. Right? They're just not as revelated as us yet. Praise God. Right? Are you with me now? But when it comes to denominational churches, you have to be careful, right? Because of that system. But you still want to be a light to the people, right? Don't join their church. So if there's any church of message persuasion, I'd go to it. But we're not all the same. Listen, as long as we can work with somebody and not be swallowed up in the system, we'll do that. Do the very best we can to work with them. There's people who do good work for uh for homeless people and things like that. We we don't have the ability to do that. I would gladly send somebody to work with somebody like that if they have the chance and opportunity. There've been people helped even uh connected to us by churches, nominal churches who had a good program for alcoholics and drug addicts and things like that. We don't have that. You know, God bless him for helping people, right? But that's not our our job. Brother Brandon said, I was listening to it yesterday, he said to Merlin Anon when he was uh when he ordained him, he was a Salvation Army preacher. He said, "Now, the Salvation Army has their work, a great work that they do." He said, "But we we love what they do." He said, "But we've been called to deliver a message." He said, "So, you want to come and do that with us, right? We got a message to preach." And that's not our our our our main goal. We can help people at times, but it's not our main goal to help people financially and things like that. Yet, whenever we have an opportunity, we will. But there's people who do a wonderful work, and I support them in that. But, Brother Billy Paul said something, and I believe it because of what I've what I hear every time I turn on a tape. Brother Billy Paul in his testimony, he said, "The greatest miracle he ever saw was that Brother Brandham treated his enemies no different from his friends. That's right. You couldn't tell which ones were which. Good. And again, you say, "Well, that's just Brother Billy's testimony." But that's what you hear on the tapes. Right. Look at Jack Moore. Jack Moore never did come in the message. And brother Brandham talks him up, preaching that he was willing to fellowship. See, there was a willingness there. It wasn't a He wasn't trying to Jeff Moore wasn't trying to get Brother Brandham in to to deceive the people. He was he was getting brother Brandon in because he was his friend. But he never understood the message. Deus Shakarian never understood the message and supported and I showed you that one time. Deus Shakarian is responsible for Joel Ostein. He financed his father, got him out of bankruptcy and also financed brother Brandham around the world, right? So you see those two vines coming up together, but it's just it's it's still brother Brandham used that he was willing to to be friends with those men. Gordon Lindsay calls brother Brandham no end of trouble. One of the last sermons that brother Brandon preaches, he welcomes Brother Gordon and stands in a prayer line with him. Yeah. Has him come up and pray with him. Yeah. In the prayer line. And he caused him he caused him financial trouble and everything else and was actively working against him. Yet, brother Brandham did that. See, so we so I believe it when he says we don't know his friends from his enemies because listen to the tapes, you wouldn't know, right? And if you look, I know everybody uses Moab as an example, but it wasn't Israel who refused fellowship. Go back and listen to the story. Read the story of Moab. It was Moab that refused fellowship. They wouldn't allow passage, right? Until until Balam taught them to come in with flatteries and intermar. See, that's what we can't do. But Moab was always the type of denomination, right? Organization was never the type of other believers. Yeah. Right. But see, if we're not careful, we form a denomination by by by taking these things and well, we're got to be so careful. We got to be so careful. Well, I'll tell you this. If we make it, it's going to be because of God. It's not going to be because of my efforts. Come on. Come on, church. I I want to make an effort. I want to live for the Lord because I love him. Because that's that's my desire. It's my only desire. My only desire in my heart. Can I be honest with you? My only desire ever was to preach to a congregation like this, a lovely group of people. and and preach to you and come up on Sundays and care for your your needs and things like that. That's the only desire I've ever had. I've had that desire since I was probably 10 years old. I've always wanted to do that and I want to do that with all my heart. I don't I don't want to be laxed in doing that. But but I can't make you a Christian. I I can't do that. I I can't I can't force you into the kingdom. I do that because I love God. All of my work doesn't mean one thing when it comes to the end. When it comes time, my rewards are based on my work, but my salvation is not based on works. Not one bit of it. Yeah. It's based on the blood of Jesus. Aren't you glad for that? Say, "Well, we're afraid we're going to be deceived." Well, the bride can't be. So, right. Pattern Paul left is one of self-sacrifice for the cause of the gospel. You can read Philippians 1 15-18 later. 1 Corinthians 9:20. He says this. He said, "Unto the Jews I became as a Jew that I might gain the Jews. To them that are under the laws, under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law. Them that are without laws, without law, being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ that I might gain them that are without law. weak I became as weak that I might gain the weak. I made all things to all men that I might by all means save some. This I do for the gospel sake that I might be a partaker thereof with you. Listen, he wasn't compromising. He wasn't pandering. He walks into a a Pharisee a chamber of Pharisees and Sadducees and he tells the s Pharisees he said it's because I believe like you that have been brought in here under question because of the resurrection of the dead. You know what? He got them to fight on his side. But he wasn't being a hypocrite. He was following. He was setting the pattern. Brother Brandham wasn't being a hypocrite when he would speak highly of men in their pulpits and then go blast their denominations sometimes in the same service. He wasn't being a hypocrite. Go listen to birth pains. I believe it's birth pains where brother Brandham he he stands up to preach and there's a a Catholic priest gets up because brother Brandham was preaching with a Catholic priest on the platform. You talk about identifying yourself with something. Come on. He's preaching with a Catholic priest on the platform and the Catholic priest gets up and and says and led by the Lord to say what he said. He said, "Don't be nervous, son." He said, "There'll be something that'll happen." And and remember the pages were stuck together and it was this day this scripture is fulfilled that that that happened. Brother Brandon ties that back to when Jesus stood up there and the priest handed him the book. He handed him his the Catholic priest handed him his Bible. Probably wasn't even King James. Now listen, but he in that sermon he blessed denominational systems. Go listen to it. Bless them. So he wasn't being a hypocrite or a pander. He was following the pattern. Paul wasn't compromising when he spoke to the philosophers on Mars Hill. You realize when Paul spoke on Mars Hill, he never directly quotes the scripture. He doesn't walk out there with a B with an Old Testament and say, "Now, in Isaiah, now he did that to the Jews, but he never does that on Mars Hill." He walks out and talks in general terms. He said, "I see a tomb to an unknown god. Let me talk about him." What a remarkable sermon. Yes, sir. We had to do some of that in Egypt. We realized these people didn't know anything. So you kind of had to back up and introduce Christ to them and introduce the word and then introduce brother Brandham later, you know, and and and so you had to kind of take it in steps because they just weren't getting it. You can't go over there and just preach the son of man and then accept it because they haven't they don't even understand who a prophet is. They don't understand who Jesus is really why they need to be baptized and things like that. And and so Paul does that. He stands up there. He quotes two Greek poets in the scripture. Go look it up. Two Greek poets in that sermon never quotes the scripture. Just an oblique reference and most of them mocked him. But if you go to the end of that scripture, it says a few believed. What was he being? A light in the house. Yeah. A candle with no bushel basket over it. Yeah. Right. A city on a hill. Why is this a serpent harmless as doves? Yes. And I wonder sometimes if we've taken the pattern of the basket we came from. All right. Instead of the pattern of Paul, instead of the pattern of of the prophet of this age. Yeah. When brother Brandon come to Burke call, we told the story here recently about the mother deer. He didn't compromise with Bert Call. He was being salt and light. Yeah. He was helping him. He never compromised with him. He never compromised with the infidel when he talked to him about the apple tree. Yeah. He just met him where he was. Yeah. I'm so glad as the musicians come. I'm so glad that Jesus met me where I was. Aren't you glad he met you that way? Amen. You know, we're we're billboards. Brother Ren teaches that and I've told you before, but Brandon teaches that in Let Your Light So Shine Before Men, we're billboards. He said, "We're not salesmen. We're not basket cases trying to persuade more people to move under our basket. But brother Brandon talked about how he's driving down the road and he said he's going at a pretty good rate of speed and he sees a billboard just has one word in the main part of the board. It says hungry with a question mark. Hungry. He said down at the bottom it said three miles ahead. He said it caught his attention because most billboards, he said, had a picture of a steak or had some kind of artwork on it, a lot of words. But this one wasn't catering to fancy diners or people who wanted a certain kind of food. There's churches for that. There's people who will go out and they have a Methodist flavor or a Baptist flavor. There's there's places for that, but that's not what this billboard was catering to. It just said hungry. If you're hungry, we got something for you to eat. The Bible says, "Blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness." And brother Rand said, "There's not very many that's really hungry, but if there was a traveler traveling on that long road and they saw that sign and they were hungry, that's where they would stop. We're not called to be salesmen. We're not called to make everybody like us. We're not called to force other churches to follow our pattern of worship. That's not what we're called to do. I go to churches sometimes and I sit there and I want to I want to just break out so bad and worship and I know that that church may be a little quiet and I try real hard to just fit in and we don't we want to have freedom here, right? See that's but what is that? You say, "Well, did you compromise?" No, we're trying to trying to help people. Trying to help people. We just got to sign up. says, "Are you hungry?" You say, "Well, you can't help that person. He going to always do what he does." But what about them children? Them young people. I know people look at pastors sometimes. They say, "Well, they're going to fail anyway." What about the young people? What about their families? What about the church? I don't want nobody to fail because I know the damage that it causes. Are you hungry this morning? We were driving. you forgive me for holding you just a few minutes long. We were driving the other day from Branson where I spent a few days with Ben, brother Ben Beard and with Andrew Glover and we've done that for the last couple years. We were driving and I see a barn. You remember the Marramck Caverns barns and it looked like the the roof was pretty freshly painted. Marramck Caverns. If you drive down I44 towards that place, that's all there is. We started counting them one day and lost count how many billboards there are for Marmet Caverns. But to me, the most effective is the is the barns. That makes me want to go. I kind of disappointed when I went. It wasn't all it was cracked up to be, but but the barn was there. But I noticed something. I almost didn't see it. Even though it had been freshly painted, or seemed to have been, it wasn't faded, but there was weeds grown up all around it. and them trees had grown up all in front of it and that barn had been evidently abandoned and and they didn't take care of the the ground and so all around it just almost covering it up was brush. I wonder sometimes if that's not where we're at as Christians that God wants us to be a billboard. He just wants us to set a sign out there say hungry. You say it doesn't matter if I go to the house of God or not. Doesn't matter if I go to church does it not? Does it matter if you're on the side of the road? If you're a billboard, what's happened? You've let you've let creepers grow up and trees grow up and things grow up to obscure the view. But it's time we cut that stuff down. And Lord, I that's complexes, roots of bitterness that grow up all around the barn, all around the the place where it ought to be a billboard. Now you can barely see it. And if they let it go, you won't be able to see it at all. No man takes a candle and hides it under a bushel, but he puts it in the house among the believers and he associates with believers. Are you with me now? That's my You'd say, "Brother Ben, I don't agree with that. I'll do something different." That's that's fine. I could I realize that the way we sometimes approach the word can be different, but for me, I want to be wide open. Say, "Well, I'll get hurt. It's okay." I'd rather get hurt than not have friends. I'd rather get hurt than not help, my friends. I'd rather get hurt than not help people. So, we just lay ourselves wide open and say, "Lord, what would you have for us to do?" And every one of us has something. You got something that you do in the place where you are. And I can start calling names. And every one of you with the trip, I've heard you at there at the at where you work and I've testimonies come back to me that you do a good job at your work and you're you're you're a good young Christian gentleman. That means a lot to me. What is that? It's a billboard. A big one. Says hungry. Hungry. We all are. What are you advertising today? Let's advertise Christ in our lives. Just love one another. Love other people. Love other churches. Love people. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, I I don't really know how to close this service. I just know that you want us to be humble and our approach. You want us to love one another. I pray that we would do that here in the church. We would not cut ourselves off from people. I realize there's some things and talk about that tonight. Some situations where we got to push away for a while. But Lord, I I pray for reconciliation. Lord, I don't want my worst enemy to be lost. Oh God, Lord, when I realize what you saved me from, how you've kept me, Lord, I I don't want any I don't want any of my Lord, those that would maybe even come against me or even come against this message, I don't want them to be lost. Well, sometimes we've got to watch them from a distance, save them with fear, hating even the garments spotted by the flesh. But Lord, may we recognize you in it. Pray you'd grant it. May we watch for opportunities of reconciliation. I pray we thank you for it now in Jesus name. Amen. If you need to pray, the altar's open. Be glad to pray with you. I I love you this morning. If I don't shake your hand, you know why. But I appreciate you. We love you all. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, thank you, Lord. Could we just worship him together? Let's stand together. Praise his name. He's in the house. I know he's in the house. And death has to flee. Why don't we worship him a minute, church? He's worthy of our praise. Let's be a billboard where the darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's lonely sleeping. Oh yes. As he took her by the hand, she be to live again. Glory. Some begin to praise the Lord. Some begin to say, "Hallelujah. He's in the house. Glory. And death has to flee. [Music] Now there's light where the darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. Hallelujah. Praise his name. Oh, he's in the house. Thank you, Lord. I was like that little girl. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Dead in all my sins. But Jesus touched this heart of mine, gave me life again. Well, I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. Oh yes, he's in the house and death has to flee. And now there is light where the darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more doubt. Can you praise? Oh, he's one more time with all your hearts now. Oh, he's in the house and death has to flee. And now there is light where the darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more doubt. Can you praise his name? He's in the house. An amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was [Music] grace that bought my [Music] liberty. Oh, I do not [Music] know just why he came to love me so. But he looked beyond all my faults. Aren't you glad he did it this morning? And he saw my needs. And I shall forever lift mine eyes to Calary. [Music] to you. That old cross where Jesus died for me. How the less the grace that called my falling soul. He looked beyond all my faults and he saw my need. I like this second verse. Well, it was God's grace that brought me out of darkness into the light where I can clearly [Music] Well, I'll shout it from the mountains and the valleyies that he looked. Oh, aren't you glad he looked beyond your faults this morning? All my faults and he saw my need. And if you believe it, can I hear you sing it now? Well, I shall forever. Oh yes. Lift mine eyes to Calary. Oh, just to view that old cross where Jesus died for me. and he died for you. How marvelous. Oh, the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond all my faults and he saw my need. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Let's go back to the old song, Meeting in the Air, KFC. Amen. Aren't you thankful for the fellowship that we can have? Amen. If the blood of Jesus is shed abroad in our hearts, Amen. We can have love one for the other. Aren't you thankful for the word of the Lord this morning? Did you enjoy it? Amen. I believe that'll do us good if we'll just put that in action. Amen. That's why we do what we do is because there's no big eyes. There's no little U's. Amen. We're we're all level at the foot of the cross. And Amen. Amen. If we believe this message of the hour, I believe that we can have fellowship around that and love one another. Isn't that what you want to do? Amen. And someday there's going to be a meeting in the air and I'm going to be there. And if you disagree with me and you're there, we're going to have fellowship right there around the one that we love. So, let's just sing with all our hearts now. Amen. And you're free to go whenever you feel like it. We're just going to sing this song. Amen. As you go. Well, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet, sweet by and by. Well, I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Oh, such singing you will hear. ever heard by mortal ear will be glorious I do declare oh and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air heard of little Moses in the bull rush you have heard of fearless David and his well you have heard The story told of dreaming Joseph and of Jonah and the whale you often see. There are many, many others through the Bible. I should like to meet them all. I do declare by and by the Lord will surely let us meet him at that meeting in the air. air. Well, there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet by and by. Well, I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Will such sing you will hear, never heard
