################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-28 - Before you were born, God had a plan  Bro Joel Pruitt 4-27-25 - Joel Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-28
Title:    "Before you were born, God had a plan"  Bro Joel Pruitt 4-27-25
Speaker:  Joel Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5VcgQ_QWgQ
========================================

Description:
"Before you were born, God had a plan"  Bro Joel Pruitt 4-27-25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Thank you. Thank [Music] you. [Music] [Music] [Music] The money. The money. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Let's all stand tonight. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Sing it again. I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Amen. How many's come to praise him tonight? Clap your hands. Clap your hands everybody. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your [Music] hands. Everybody clap your [Music] hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. When I first found this holiness [Music] way, all my night was turned to day. And my friends can [Music] understand why I sing and I clap my [Music] hands. I clap my hands. Clap my hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your [Music] hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your [Music] hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your [Music] hands. Everybody clap your hands. Satan is a defeated foe. In the name of Jesus, that devil's got to [Music] go. Let him know you're holding God's hand. You're not going to worry. Going to clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Give him a hand. Clap. Well, it's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus keeping me alive. Oh, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. And it's all good to me. And it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Yes, it's keeping me alive. It is down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. It's all over me. It's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Yes, it's keeping me alive. It is all and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Now you kids wave your hands. It's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. And it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Sing that verse again. It's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. keeping me alive and it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. It's all all over me and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. And it's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Amen. How many's alive tonight? Amen. We'll have the ushers come at this time. Uh I don't have any written request up here, but just remember the request from this morning. If uh Brother Stewart would come and pray over these requests. just bow hearts before him. Lord, we just invite you here this evening, Lord. Lord, may you just pour your Holy Spirit out upon this service, Lord, and just come and consume us, Lord. Just this youth service, Lord. Just set these young people a fire, Lord, their hearts of fire, Lord. We just ask that you would just have imminent here this evening, Lord. just bless the word as it comes forth, Lord. And Lord, may this spark a an inspiration of your spirit within us, Lord, and just come among us. We pray now in Jesus name. Amen. All right, let's sing that song. I went to the enemy's camp. You can have your seats. I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. I took back what he stole from me. I took back what he stole from me. I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Satan is under my feet. Well, I went to the enemy's hand and I took back what he stole from me. I took back what he stole from me. I took back what he stole from me. I went to the enemy's hand and I took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Satan is under my feet. Well, I went to the enemy's king and I took back what he stole from me. I took back what he stole from me. And I took back what he stole from me. I went to the enemy's and I took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Satan is under my feet. Well, Satan, Satan, your kingdom's coming down. I said, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down." Well, I heard a voice from my God saying, "Satan, your kingdom of coming down." Oh. Satan, we're going to tear down. Satan, we're going to tear your kingdom down. I heard a voice from heaven sing your kingdom down. Preachers going to your kingdom down. church going to preach your kingdom down. Well, I heard a voice from heaven saying, "Preachers are going to bring your kingdom down." As a voice come to sing, say, "Gom down." Saint your kingdom down. Well, I heard a voice from my God saying, "Satan, we're going to bring your kingdom down. Satan, your kingdom staying [Music] down. Satan, your kingdom stay down." Well, I heard a voice from heaven saying, "Satan, your kingom stand down." As Maddie and Billy come to sing, Satan, your kingom stay down. Satan, your kingdom staying down. Well, I heard a voice from my God saying, "Satan, your kingdom saying [Music] The sunrise in the morning and a mill star Tonight I hear the birds that can't stop singing hallelujah. I see his goodness when I fall down and his grace that picks me up. Every day I can't stop singing hallelujah. How can you not see God in every little thing, in every little moment? How can you not feel love? How can you not? How can you not? Cuz he's in the middle of every little thing and every little moment. How can you not see God? How can you not? How can you not sunset? I wonder if it's pain just for me. Nobody else can make a world so beautiful. How could I question his love when it's everywhere I go? Wherever I look, I find another miracle. How can you not see God in every little thing? In every little moment, how can you not feel love? How can you not? How can you not? Cuz he's in the middle of every little thing, in every little moment. How can you not see God? How can you not? How can you not? Everything is evidence, showing me that you exist. All creation singing [Music] hallelujah. Everything is evidence, showing me that you exist. All creation singing. Hallelujah. How can you not see God in every little thing, in every little moment? How can you not feel love? How can you not? How can you not? Cuz he's in the middle of every little thing and every little moment. How can you not see God? How can you not? How can you not? How can you not see God? How can you not? How can you [Music] [Applause] not if Jared and the boys would come up to sing? Sweeter than the morning or the sound of the rain from the mouth of the preacher in a sinner the singer as a whisper louder in its refrain. on my lips for the rest of my days. There is something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgiveness. Sounds like amazing grace. It beckons my soul to sing forever. There's just something about that name. We pray it over family when we rise and when we sleep. We speak it over sorrow. When the soul is given peace, we'll speak it in the famine or in prosperity. [Music] May we never forget. He's all that we need. There is something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgiveness. It sounds like amazing grace. It beckons my soul to sing forever. There's just something about that name. There is still no other name. You still have the power to save. You can [Music] empty grave forever. Jesus is your name. There is still no other name. You still have the heart to say. You can empty any grave forever. Jesus is your name. There is something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgiveness. Sounds like amazing grace. It beckons my soul to sing forever. There is something about that name. There is something about that name. [Music] [Applause] Amen. There's something about that name, isn't there? We're going to go ahead and invite Brother Joel out. If you would stand with me. [Music] There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. I'm free in his presence. And I'm [Applause] healed in his presence. I'm forgi. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. And I'm free in his presence. I'm here in his presence. I'm forgive I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. Lord, I'm free. And I am [Applause] free in his presence. Oh, I am healed. In his presence, oh, I'm [Music] forgiven. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. Amen. As they continue to play that softly, aren't you thankful for the presence of the Lord tonight? Amen. Are you happy to be in church? And I know it's a youth service and I'm going to try to uh speak more to the youth tonight, but you know, if you're here and you're an elder, you can just say, "Well, we're going to pull on the gift of God and and and and just pull for our young people." you know, in a time when it's just getting worse and worse. We can see how bad the world's getting, but we don't believe that uh it's getting any worse for the bride. We believe it's getting better because there's going to be a group that's getting ready to leave and they're going to be ready for it at the end time. So, we believe there's going to be a rapture group. And when I look at these young people, you think, you know, who who's going to be what generation? Well, if it doesn't come in yours, doesn't come in mine, it can come in theirs. And we know he's coming. Yes, sir. We want to be ready for it. So, whatever we have to do to get ready, if it's more focused on the youth or whatever it is, we want to just all of us be ready, but we want our young people to really just really be invested in this message and and we want to see their lives on fire for the gospel. If there's ministers tomorrow, these are the ministers. And if there's young ladies that's going to look like young ladies, this is the young ladies of tomorrow. So, we just want to just hold up the hold up the banner and and just continue to just promote this message to our young people. and pray that the Lord will really take control of their lives. I wonder if we could bow our heads. If you have a need on your heart tonight, I wonder if you just raise your hand to the Lord. He sees and knows every deed. Heavenly Father, as we come here tonight, I pray, Lord, that you would just move in a special way. Lord, move me out of the way so that I could speak to the young people, Lord, not what I would want to say, but words of life to them. Lord, I pray Lord that if your presence would just come down among us now and just settle us in. And I pray Lord, Lord, you'd take control and change this service to go any direction you would want it to go. Lord, if there's one among us that's not saved or not filled with the Holy Ghost, I pray this would be their service tonight. Lord, I ask that you wouldn't let anything hinder you. Remove all hindrances from our thoughts, Lord, or from our our minds that would try to hold us from a blessing tonight. move upon our young people, Lord. Move aside the tiredness, we pray and just anoint every year and Lord, anoint myself. I pray, Lord, you would just move me aside, Lord, so you could use me tonight. Lord, I pray for this congregation. We pray for every need, every sickness, every everything. May there be a testimony come, Lord, out of the service tonight. We pray you move upon us now in Jesus' name. Amen. And the church said, "Amen." Amen. Well, uh, what can we say about the service this morning? Wasn't that good. And, uh, what can we say? It was good. It was very good. And, uh, that'll be all musicians. I'm sorry. Uh, I I was so nice. We had all the youth up here tonight. And, uh, and Brother Bill, he's younger than he looks. He's not a day over 29. and he he felt young, so he thought he'd just get on up here and identify as a young person and well, that's okay. I mean, he he's just testifying that he's he's young. And and uh you know, you don't you may not see it yet, but one day it'll happen. So, we thank the Lord for brother. Good to have every one of you here tonight. I'm sorry you have to put up with me, but um if you have your Bibles, turn to John chapter 6. John chapter 6. And I don't have a lot of notes tonight. So if I run a little low on notes, I'm gonna step down here and get their notes from this morning. Oh, the panic. Panic. Some of those are good notes and some of them are talking about who they like. So we just preach from them and we can preach from either side. Doesn't matter. I told them in the back, I said, "If I run out of notes, I'm gonna walk down here and get all their notes from this morning and just preach from them." And I bet we could preach from the Those notes, bless your hearts. Don't stop taking notes on my account. John chapter 6 and verse uh let's start with verse 43. John chapter 6 and verse 43. Are you happy to be a Christian tonight? Amen. Amen. And John chapter 6:43 says, "Jesus therefore answered and said unto them, Murmur not among yourselves. No man can come to me except the Father which hath sent me. draw him, and I will raise him up at the last days. It is written in the prophets, and they shall all be taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard and hath learned of the Father cometh unto me. Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me hath everlasting life. And I want to just uh right over in Romans chapter 3, if we'll go there quickly, Romans chapter 3 and verse 10. Romans chapter 3 and verse 10. Say amen when you get it. Amen. Some of you say, "Well, I've got it and I can see it on the board, so we're good." Romans chapter 3, verse 10. As it is written, there is none righteous, know not one. There is none that understandeth. There is none that seeketh after God. And you may be seated. May the Lord add his blessings to the word tonight. Tonight, if I could have just a thought. Uh before you were born, God had a plan. Before you were born, Brother Landon, God had a plan. You were God knew you before you were before your parents knew you. Well, somebody say, "Manner, this is going to be a really long night." You say, "Well, that ain't true." Well, it is true because God's thoughts are eternal. And if you are if you were in God's thoughts, then you cannot perish because you are a part of God's thoughts. You are the expressions of God's thoughts. So God thought of uh brother he thought he thought of he thought of brother Landon and he thought of brother Jaden and he he thought of but he knew you would be sitting here. He knew who you were before your parents ever named you. He knew you before they even thought about you. Before they ever knew each other, God knew who you would be. Right. And so God has a purpose for us. How many believes that tonight? God has a plan for us. And so, but before he could make you, he had to know that you had a purpose for this age. And I want to try to get to this just as simple as I can tonight. But he had an age that would be called the age of Leoa. It would be the last age of the church. And in that age, he would have a group of people that would have a message. And in this message, there would have to be a group of people that would have to overcome obstacle after obstacle and spirit after spirit. They would have to overcome all kinds of temptations. They would have to overcome and they would have to fight. Listen, church, this is the hardest of all ages because technology is is not all good. And and your friends, they're not always going to be good friends. And and listen, I mean, there's a lot of bad things that are happening. But what we do have is we do have an absolute. Amen. We have something to go back to. And we have to know that where we came from was God and where we're going is God. We are eternal beings if we're in God. Can you say amen? Because what what happens is this flesh will lay down. This flesh will die. But before this flesh, before there ever was a flesh, you were already in the thoughts of God. You can take it all the way back to the book of Genesis where where God God was there and he he he decided he saw the earth and it was void. There was nothing. It was it was empty. It was it was just everything. It was darkness covered the face of the earth before there was light. But then God made a light. But before there could be a light made, God had to have it in his mind of what light would look like. I hope you're with me so far. So before God could make an animal, he knew what the animal would be and what the animal would do. And then he knew and then he he made all these things. But God wanted fellowship, too. And so then he made man. And he he wanted to be worshiped as God. The animals couldn't worship him as God because they couldn't stand there. And the angels was worshiping, but he wanted something a little more than that. He wanted fellowship with a man. And so he made you, right? And so when he made you, he had it in his mind of what you would be. God knows all things. Do we believe that tonight? God knows what you're going to do. God knows your occupation. Many times as a young person, you don't know what you're going to be when you grow up. God already knows. And you don't know who you're going to marry. God already knows. It ain't always who you think you're going to marry. Well, can you say amen? You all get, you know, when you're a young person, you want the coolest kid. You know, the young girls, they want the best looking boy. And sometimes it's the nerd that gets the girl. And, you know, the boys, they think, well, I just want this little princess and and they end up with a tomboy, you know, and so you all kinds of stuff. You you you you think you got your life figured out. I want to go ahead and tell you something. God knows. And he I wonder if he don't step back and just laugh sometimes about the decisions we make he knew we'd make. But we didn't think we'd ever make that decision, but God did. So we worry about things as young people. We worry about our jobs. We worry about who we're going to marry. And do you realize that God has it all in control? Because before you were born, God already had your plan laid out, right? everything you would do, every every move you made, every time you batted your eye, God knew you would do it. And you say, "Well, I fell. I failed God. I fell down. I I I and I I made mistakes." God knew you'd make the mistake. And that's why he provided a way for you to overcome. And that's why he provided a blood that we heard about this morning. Because there's something more to this than us just being put out here in this big earth and deciding we're going to make it however we want to make it. Because if you really could be in the driver's seat, you'd make all kinds of mistakes. You You've seen the bumper stickers. Jesus is my co-pilot. If he's your co-pilot, you're making a lot of mistakes. You need to move out the seat and let him in the driver's seat because if he's taking the wheel, say, "Jesus, take the wheel. Jesus takes the wheel." And then he can guide you and direct you in the path he's already laid out for you. And then our young people, listen, it takes away a lot of the worry because a lot of times in life, we think, well, how's it going to how's it going to happen? You you get to be mid20s and you think, am I ever going to get married? Yes, if God wants you to, he he'll provide that person for you, man. But we put a limit on God. If I'm not married by 18, well, then there just ain't nobody for me. Well, come on, church. I know when you're 18 and you want to get married and half the time you ain't got no business getting married. And and and then we got these little kids down here, these these young ones. They're not little kids. They're they're young ladies and and you look at them and you know they they don't realize that in 20 years they could be mothers. Yeah. And and you know and they're scared to death of it right now. But you give them five years and they're all going to be, oh, I want I want to marry somebody. You know, I want to get married. We'll come with with marriage comes responsibility. Right. More responsibility than you'll ever imagine. You know, the wedding's pretty, but you got to get ready for more than the wedding. That's right. And you think, "Well, it's so stressful. Well, I just I just can't make it. The wedding was so hard. And that's the easiest thing you'll do in your married life. It It just gets It gets Well, I'm just going to tell you, nobody want to get married after you leave here today. It gets worse. Been married for a long time. And uh it it you know, it's wonderful. But what you'll find out is you learn to love each other through the hard times, right? But you young people, if you think everything's going to be easy for you, well, you better just not get married until you understand that life life is not all easy. It's not easy street. We don't live on easy street. I think there is an easy street over here in Ash Flat or Highland. And I know some people live on it. And I guarantee you it ain't easy street for them. But Lord, I hope they don't watch. Like, brother Joel, you're a loose cannon. I know. I told brother Ben, I said, "If you really want to be scared, take the streaming off." And uh keeps me honest. But you know, listen, before there was anything, God knew what would happen, right? So before he ever, so when when Romans here, try to get back to my notes if I can. In Romans the third chapter, he said, "There's none that understand it. There's none that seeketh after God." Now, I want you to notice that and that can sound uh contradicting to you young people because you can say, "Well, nobody seeks after God." Well, how do I seek the Holy Ghost? How do I seek God? Well, that's because you do seek God, but not until God places a desire in your heart to seek him, right? So, before So, just think about this. If you have a desire to seek God, God already found you. If you have a desire for the Holy Ghost, it's a good sign because God already knew you. I'm gonna come down here. Wake some of y'all up. All right. Think about it. If you want the Holy Ghost, God's already chosen you to get the Holy Ghost. Think about it, though. You know, it makes it takes a lot of the pressure off. You say, "Well, I've been seeking the Holy Ghost for years." Well, the desire that you have to get the Holy Ghost is from God. And so, that could that should give you confidence that God has already found me. God has already placed Come on, church. God already wanted you before you wanted God. So God saw somebody that needed the Holy Ghost, put a desire in their heart for the Holy Ghost, and now you're running after God because God already found you. Brother Brandon would say in the Garden of Eden, he said, "It wasn't man running after God. They were running from God because they had made mistakes. They'd messed up." And so and so they were running away from God. They wanted to hide from God. That's the nature of man, to hide from God. And young people, when you when you make a mistake and you don't want your parents to find out, you want to hide in your room or Well, come on, somebody. You want you want to hide. You don't want to come out and just confess it, but the best thing you can do is just go ahead and give it to Jesus because he already knows what you did. And he already knows how to fix that problem in your life. He already knows you're going to get the Holy Ghost. Don't run from him, but seek after him. You say, "Well, I I want to." Well, if you have a want to, that's a good sign that he already chose you for the Holy Ghost. Now, Brother Landon, I remember last year at youth camp and and you know, Brother Landon, he's he's kind of quiet, right? Yeah, he's kind of quiet. And and not I'm not trying to pick on anybody, but if you're on the front row, then you may get picked on. And so, if you're sitting up here at your own risk and but you know, Brother Landon went to youth camp last year, and I'll be honest with you, I when he went, I didn't know if he was seeking the Lord. He never told me he was seeking the Lord. He never come out and said, "Well, I want the hol." He never said any of that. But you know what happened was the Holy Spirit come down in a meeting and the next thing you know he didn't hardly know what was going on because God knew he needed it more than he knew he needed it. Well, can you say amen? Sometimes you go into a service and you don't even want to be there. But God shows up. God already put the desire there. And if God has placed a desire in your heart, that's enough reason to praise him tonight. Amen. Because he put a desire to serve him. Listen, church, I a lot of times we'll preach of people going to church, not going to church, all this stuff. You know, you listen. I'll tell you. I I I'm big about going to church, but I want to tell you something. It's more about the desire to be there. You got some people there don't want to be there. They need a desire to be in the house of God. Amen. Somebody can't go. And you and you know, everybody else is like, where they at? And they're judging them. Well, if there's a desire in their heart to be there, they're better off than the person sitting here that won't surrender to God. I say tonight, let's surrender because he already brought me this far. And he did not bring me this far to leave me. But he brought me this far because he knew he could trust me with his word. He knew he could trust me with this message. And so he brought me this far. And and and and he had a purpose for you. Can you say amen? Amen. So, Brother Brand would go on like this. I want to get to a few quotes here. You young people, you you know, maybe if you don't listen to a lot of tapes at home, I I want you to get some of these quotes here. And if you want to, I know your parents are okay with you listening to the message. Brother Brandon would say it like this. No man seeks after God. God seeks after man. Man in his nature is rebellion against God. Think about it. In your nature, you want to rebel against what God wants to do for you. All right. God wants you to do this and you don't want to do that. It's rebellion. It's what we It's what we It's It's carnality. It's it's it's the flesh that is trying to control your life. That's right. Can you say amen? Amen. But he said it's rebellion against God. He's against God, but God loves the man. Aren't you thankful for it? Amen. God loves the man. Since the fall in the Garden of Eden, God has still been calling for his child. And he calls to him through the thunder, through the lightning, through the setting of the sun, through the preaching of the gospel, through the signs and wonders, through the prophets, through miracles, through visions. God speaks to his people. So when a preacher is standing here, I want to try to get this to you young people just the best I can. When a preacher is standing here, they are not just preaching to hear themselves talk. And they're not just preaching just so you can hear them talk. But that is actually the avenue that God has chosen to speak to your heart. That's what a prophet said and it's true. So we we don't want to think that we know more than God. So I'm going to go to church and I'm going to check out. No, that's the wrong attitude. Can you say amen? What we need tonight is to really understand if we're here and God is here to meet us here, then we need to give everything we've got to him because he found me. He brought me here. He set me in the seat I'm sitting in. I say give praise to God. If you showed up, you might as well give him praise. If you showed up, you might as well give him your attention. If you showed up and you need the Holy Ghost, you might as well get it while you're here. Amen. Because he wants to give it to you. That's right. Amen. A lot of times it's our own thinking that holds us back. But you know, before there was a desire for the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost was already here. That's right. Amen. Can you say amen? Before there was, Brother Brandham says, before there was a fin on a fish's back, there was an ocean or water for that fish to swim in. See, God works on both ends. When you have the desire for the Holy Ghost, don't you think you can't get it? It's just as good as the water the fish can swim in. If you have a desire for it, that is God that placed that desire. Right? Come on, church. You young people, I hope you're with me. Y'all know how to say amen. Woo, that was quiet. You know, at your ages, you could do a lot better than that. I've heard you over next door. I've heard you out here in the yard. And I know the deacons will get mad at you if you're bad in church, but if you say amen in church, they won't touch you. I promise they're going to be like, "Wow, how good was how good was that?" You know, you say, "Well, I don't know a lot of stuff." Well, I'd rather Jonah's my best a maner. Hallelujah. He uh he don't have a clue what I'm saying. But but uh he amens me anyway. I can say something real stupid. Oh, well, here while we're here and you guys are about to fall asleep on me, I'm going to say something. You know, I heard a story by a preacher one time about a hot dog. And now, sorry, I'm just trying to get your attention. And he said he went into this fellowship hall and he said he smelled the aroma of a hot dog. And he said before there was a desire for a hot dog. Well, hallelujah. There was a hot dog for him. Now, that's pretty simple. But if there's a desire there for something, that means there is, listen, did you know if you want the Holy Ghost, that means your your soul knows that it needs the Holy Ghost? And you say, "Well, my soul's never experienced it." Do you realize that that your soul knows what it's all about because God has already connected with your soul? That's right. And he's waiting for you to surrender what you have to him. See, it's not about you say, "Well, I I'm I'm baptized. I'm saved." Listen, but don't think, you know, well, I didn't receive the Holy Ghost when I come up out of the water. Come on, church. You don't don't put it on an emotion. Well, I didn't fall out in the prayer line. That don't mean you didn't get it. I didn't scream. I didn't shout. I didn't speak with tongues. Since when is that the evidence of the Holy Ghost? Watch your life. Watch how you start to act different. I mean, I watch I've watched not not to pick on you, buddy, but I've watched Brother Landon and I've watched his desire change. Why? because something on the inside of him has changed from what he wanted in before he got the Holy Ghost to what he wanted after he got the Holy Ghost. Can you say amen? And so our young people, what you'll see is you may not see an overnight change, but what you'll see is they are changing their wants and their desires and they start wanting to please God. Come on, church. That don't mean they're going to clean their rooms every ser every time they get home. And that don't mean that they're going to be the the best kid in your home. No. Because the devil is going to fight our young people and they're going to still be kids. Come on, church. I know some of you elders are saying, "Well, the kids, they're, you know, they're just rotten." Well, you were, too. You just don't remember. That's what age does. Takes away all the bad. But you think about it, you know, we're we're all we're all stupid at some point. Amen. All y'all and me too. You know, I've been stupid before. Rarely, but it's been stupid. You know, and and and you know, you think about it. You ever done anything wrong and you felt really bad about it? You know what that is? Some of you that have received the Holy Ghost be like, "I used to be able to do this and now I can't do it." You know what that is? That's the Holy Ghost. And you're saying, "Well, I didn't get a work up. I didn't get an emotion." No, it's as simple as that. God has changed your desire to match his desire. He wanted good things for you. He wanted you to be an overcomer and now you want to be an overcomer. Come on, church. Now you want the good things of God. Now you want what he wants for you because you've given yourself. Listen, what you wanted before you got saved was different than what you Come on, church. You know what I'm talking about. Some of you young people, some of you middle-aged people, you know what I'm talking about. You remember those years not that long ago when you wanted to live like the devil and you wanted to serve the world, but then there was something changed on the inside of you. Well, can you say amen? Amen. That is what the Holy Ghost does for us. We're putting too much on a sensation and too much on an emotion and too much on a camp experience. But what what I tell you, it's good to get the experience. It's good to have the emotion, but what you hold to is the desire that changes on the inside of you. Amen. These these elders in our church are not still going to church because they feel like going to church. They're going to church because there's a desire. There's a ferveny to to to serve God in their hearts. And that is what happens to a young person that gets the Holy Ghost. That's what that's what happens because they're no longer thinking of uh you know, you know, of things of the world. That's that that's not their focus. And sports loses a little bit of focus. I'm not saying anything against sports. I'm what I'm saying is that doesn't become that's not your main thing. You know, you you think of good things. You think of you think of godly things. And and listen, church, I'm not I'm not trying to be legalistic here tonight. What I'm trying to tell you is there's a desire on the inside of you to serve God if God has come into your soul. And so, Brother Brandham would say it like this. He said, "Before there was a palm tree to grow on the earth, there had to be an earth first or there'd be no palm tree to grow." Amen. He said, "If you believe in divine healing, the power of God, before he said, before there's something created, a desire in your heart before there could be a creation, there has to be a creator." Right? Can you say amen? Amen. He said, "There you are." When the Holy Ghost created in your heart a desire to see the power of God work in this city here, there's got to be a power of God somewhere. Come on, church. If you actually want God to move in this service, then there's a move of God for you. If you want the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost is here for you. If you want healing tonight, the healing is here for you. The very fact that you have a desire for it show there shows it's here. Amen. Yes, sir. Can you say amen? Brother Brandham said, he said, "Is that right?" He said, "Before there's a creation, there had to be a creator. There you are. When the Holy Ghost created in your heart a desire to see the power of God, then it's here." And he goes on, he said, he he said, "There's got to be a power of God somewhere who will break down the shackles and come in with the powers of God, move for healing, salvation, the pouring out of the Holy Spirit on everybody the way we're expecting it." I tell you, I I I I I'm sick and tired of coming with low expectations to the house of God. We need to come with expectations that this is going to be my service. Young people, don't come to church thinking that the Holy Ghost might be at the next youth camp. It needs to be now. There needs to be an urgency in your heart to receive the Holy Ghost. It may be at the next youth camp, but it may be on Wednesday night. It may be on Sunday afternoon. What you have to do is let that desire, listen, let let that desire take over one time. Let that desire in your heart really, really grow. And and and you know, when the desire of God is there, I say as as parents, we need to really get behind our young people and we need to start nurturing that and watering that. If they have a desire for the things of God, let's go ahead and help that thing grow. Because don't ever let that desire to serve God die. Well, can you say amen, young people and old people alike? Amen. Because even it don't matter how old you are or how young you are or I don't care if you're anywhere in between. Amen. If God has chosen you and has put a desire in your heart, then we need to lay aside every sin and every weight and every besetting thing and run this race with patience and let God be God. We need to let God take control of our young people. Well, can you say amen? I think we've let we've let the devil come in and tell us that, well, they're just, you know, they got to be a certain age to get saved. No. I I think we need to go ahead and from a young age go ahead and let these pe show these young people you can be saved at a young age. You can live for God at a young age. You don't have to go out in the world and have the scars of the world. That's right. It's hard to it's harder to overcome those scars because the scars cause complexes and and fears and and and it's amazing to me the things I went through. And I didn't go through half of what a lot of people have went through, but just the the few scars I had. I would say it like this. I don't want my kids to experience that. And so what do I in order to change that? I've got to change the way I'm raising them. Now, well, I hope you're hearing me. You say, "Well, I'm going to just I'm just going to let them live like the world and then when they're a certain age, then they can make their own decision." Then you're going to let them kids get scarred and complexes and all kinds of problems and messed up. Listen, church. Brother Brandham talks about parent delinquents. We need to be so on fire ourselves as parents that our children actually have a chance in this end time. And so our young people can come to the house of God and know how to receive from God. Amen. Our young people need to know how to pray. Our young people need to know how to worship. Amen. Well, they're just worshiping like another young person. I'd rather see that. Well, y'all got quiet on me. What kind of an example are we setting our kids for worship? Come on now. Come on, church. Well, my kids don't say amen. I wish they would. And you've sat there and had and you quiet, you know. Well, praise the Lord. Can you say amen tonight? Amen. There is a desire to please God if he placed a desire in your heart to serve him. Right? Brother Bram would go on like this and I won't hold you long tonight, but brother Bram talks about deep calling of the deep. By the way, I think our young people, if if if your young people have not seen that video, I think you should show it to them. Yeah. Um and I'll tell you why. Because I think that'll show them that this was not just a message that was done in a corner. This was not a message that was done just for show. This was not just another faith healer that came along. Come on, church. If you've ever watched that, I guarantee you right now, it's going to change your life because there's nothing about that that can be proven by an intellectual mind. Right? And we have it on video. We don't even have the Bible stories on video. We wish we did. The Chosen is actually not realistic. I didn't know if y'all knew that. It's good, but that was not taken 2,000 years ago. That was new film. Do you know God was actually working in the deep video right there? It was captured live in front of all those people. And you can look at that and say that was that was Jesus proving himself again in our generation. That ought to be real to our young people, right? Come on, church. You know why we get cold on God? Bec- and and then we then we wonder why our kids do the same thing is because we don't actually move when God moves us. We've decided that, you know, we man, it's getting tough here. But I'm going to go and tell you something. I You want a good service? Be the good service. You You want everybody to shout in church and you look around, why ain't they shouting? Why ain't they clapping? If you are, then you won't even notice them, right? Come on, church. Yes, sir. What we need to do is just go ahead and get our own selves out of the way and let the desire of God in our hearts grow and say, "If God has led me here to worship, I'm going to worship." Amen. If God has put a desire in these young people's hearts for the Holy Ghost, then us older people or middle-aged people or whatever you are need to get behind this thing with all of our hearts and say, "Lord, I'm going to pray for that young person. I'm going to pray for that young youth meeting. Listen, church, they need our prayers. They need our support. They need us to be behind them because the devil is chasing our young people. The devil is after their style and their dress. And the devil is after the way they act. I think we need to be on fire for God so that they can see an example of how to act in the house of God. Well, can you say amen? Amen. And it's one thing to go to youth camp and you see everybody in a in an atmosphere of worship and in an atmosphere of praise and and it's just a wonderful time. And I know you you can't replicate that because you ain't all you ain't got all the same kids and and all those things. But what you can have is the same God in the servicemen. You ain't got to be the wildest service, but there needs to be a moving of the waters while you're in the church. You say, "I want I want I want healing." Then there needs to be a troubling of the waters so you can step into it and get healed. Listen, I know I know there's been so many people that are against emotion. Listen, I don't believe in emotions. I don't believe emotion saves a person. But I'll say this. If you got saved, you're going to show you got saved. If you got the Holy Ghost, your life is going to show that you got the Holy Ghost. I watched our young people go through. Listen, I I've sat there and I know you get the critics. They watch those they watch those youth meetings and they well so and so fell out and they fall out all the time. minute. Listen, that's I I tell you what, I I wish they all would. It don't bother me a bit. I I think we've got too many critics sitting around and not enough people trying to help the young people get the Holy Ghost. I say, Lord, take the critical spirits out of the church and let our young people get the Holy Ghost. If they slobber, if they speak in tongues, if they act like Come on, church. I say, however it happens, let it happen. Open the floodgates of heaven and let it rain. Open the open open every vessel, every channel and let our young people receive the Holy Ghost. You say, "Well, I remember what it was like when I was a teenager." Do you realize it's worse now than it was when you was a teenager? Yes, sir. Yeah. You say, "Well, I listen, Brother Brandham said, every generation has a chance at their own revival. So, don't don't be shutting down revival for our young people. If it gets loud a little out of hand, Brother Brandham said, "Amen, we need to get out of order long enough to get saved." I say, you know, you you get so critical and you get that spirit on you and the next thing you know, our young people can't receive because there's too many too many elder people sitting around saying, "Well, well, you know, I wouldn't have acted like that. Well, I don't care how you acted when you got saved. Everybody might act a little different, but I want the Holy Ghost. I don't care how it comes. I don't care how they got to act. I don't care how they got to look. I want the Holy Ghost in our young people." Amen. You say, "Well, it's just an emotion." No. No. You know, the same people that are sit there and say it's just an emotion. They need to be up there acting the same way. Come on, church. I love how Brother Brandham said he was sitting in the seat of the the scornful. Come on. And he said he was sitting there and he was criticizing these people that were dancing. Well, well, well, well. How would you feel if we had people dancing in church? Is this okay? Amen. I mean, be God already knew what you would do. So, if you're going to dance, you might as well just dance. If you listen, God already knew how you'd act when you get the Holy Ghost, right? Don't be ashamed to act how God wants you to act, right? Don't be ashamed to live how God wants you to live. But, Brother Ray was sitting in the seat of the scornful. And he was actually sitting there in his heart or maybe maybe in his mind just thinking, "Well, that that's crazy or that's fanatics or holy rollers or I wouldn't do that." He said, "The next thing you know, the spirit got on him and he was dancing with him." I think some of us need to go ahead and just dance with the young people. Shout with the young people. Come on, church. You say, "Why do you harp on this?" Because the spirit of the age is not enthusiasm. The spirit of the age is not excitement. The spirit of the age is not joy. The spirit of the age is not the Holy Ghost. No, it's a lukewarm church. And we got to fight the spirit of the age. That's right. You say, "Well, Larry, she's fighting that emotion." because that's not the spirit of the age. Come on, church. I know. I know there's emotion. I know there's things that that that's not exactly in order. I understand all those things, but I mean, can the Lord let us get out of order long enough to let our young people experience revival for one time? Amen. We need revival. I'll tell you what, the the the person that needs revival the most is the person who's telling everybody else needs revival. So, I need revival more than any of you. You know, if we ever thought like that, if we thought we needed revival more than anybody else, if we thought about ourselves in the way that I I need to get closer to God, I need to I need more I need more of the Holy Ghost. I need another baptism of the Holy Ghost. Did you know that it would get our focus off everybody else? Come on, church. You know, when you go to youth camp as as a minister and you go over there and you get to stand in that prayer line, you know, the devil will put thoughts in your mind saying, "Well, that one there, they're just they do this every year and they get blessed every year." If all it is is a blessing of God, I say, "Go ahead and send the blessing." If that's all it was was they just got blessed. Get blessed. Come on, church. Because God has sent this spirit of revival for you in your generation. And God has come to you, listen, with a message that was predestinated before the world. Before there was an earth, before before there was anything, God created all these things. And then he already knew the age you would live in. And he knew you needed revival. And so God knew that in this age, he would send revival. And he knew who would participate in revival. Amen. Can you say amen? Right? And he knew that you would fight spirits of the elders that would try to try to try to blow out the revival or try to put a damper on it. And you got to fight that spirit, too. All right. You know, we're we're all Come on, church. We don't fight one another. We love one another. But we don't want the spirit in the church. It's cold and dead and picking at one another. We don't need it. Is that okay? In here, we're family. We love one another. We may not always be the best. Listen, there there's a there there there's people in here going through things, I'm sure, that I don't know about, and I don't need to know about it. God knows about it. God knows what you're going through. God knows every mistake you made this week. I don't need to know those mistakes. But I can tell you something. God knew you'd made it before you made it. And he knew you'd be here after you made the mistake. And he made a way back for you before you ever left him in the first place. Come on, church. Before you ever fell, God was there to pick you up. Amen. And brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "Watch carefully." He said, "Before there was ever a speck of stardust before God was God was even God." He said, "God is an object of adoration." And no, no one was there to worship him. So, he was at that time only potentially God. Think about that. Before we were here, God was only potentially God, right? Before you think, I've went too long. I'm not my time's not up yet. So, get that thought out of your mind, too. Fight those evil thoughts. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "He was known only as eternal spirit. The bride was already in his mind." Yes, sir. Think about it. You young people still with me? Amen. Y'all still here? Okay. The bride was already in his mind. The bride is is is the people who will accept the message of the hour in this last day and receive the Holy Ghost. You are the bride of Jesus Christ. You are the one he has chosen to put his name in. Is this okay? You young people can say big amen. That's weak. We'll work on that. And so we'll have to have sister Anna say sing say amen so many times until all the young people can say amen. And so she was existing in his thought. So you were in the mind of God. Did you know that? Amen. You know God knew what color hair you'd have before uh before you ever had hair. And he knew where your hairs would be after you lost all of them. All right. Amen. Yeah. You know, God chose you to have the hair color you have. And so, we thank God for that. You know, everybody has It's the worst. It's the worst. It's the It's the worst thing ever. If you know, you're getting gray like me and you're like, "Lord, why couldn't you let me go until I'm like 50 to get gray hair?" But then God's probably sitting there thinking, "Well, I could have give you a bald head." And then you're like, "Well, thank you, Lord, for my gray hair. They didn't turn loose yet, you know. But I mean, but you know, we Sorry, brother. Brother Wes. Brother Wes is like, "What happened?" You know, happened to me. He showed me a picture the other day. He had so much hair. You You boys, you think you think you're never going to go bald. It's funny because you're going to lose hair and you know your dad, you probably going you may have less than your dad and you show up in a toupe at 30 years old. We're going to, you know, but you know, God made us the way we are. And we don't always understand the reason, right? You guys still with me? You kids still with me? Young people, not kids. That's goats. You little lambs still with me? Think about it, though. God made you to be who you are. And so, why would we want to say, "Well, I wish I was different. I wish I was this way. I wish." No, we don't wish nothing because God made us just like we are. Right? God made you to be who you are. And every trial that you're going to go through when you get older, I say this to you older, young people, middle-aged people, every trial you went through, God God knew you was going to go through that trial. And he didn't push you into that trial and then pull you out on the other end. But he let you walk into that trial all by yourself. But he knew you'd already He knew you'd come out, right? Come on, church. You know what we do? We limit the power of God too often. We make God a far off for our young people when God is not way away. God is right here. God is on the inside of you. And God has placed a desire in you to be a Christian. So I want to say, you know, on behalf of Word of Life Tabernacle, we want to nurture and water and grow these young Christians. Come on, church. We need what? We need the church of tomorrow to be on fire for God. We need our young people to to have a desire to serve God. Amen. I don't want them to have a desire for just worldly pleasures, but I want to see a desire in them to show up at the house of God and worship while they're there because this is the greatest thing or the greatest place you can have them. You could have them anywhere in the world right now. And let me tell you something that the the God could be working on their soul right now in this service. I I've stood here and preached and the most unexpected young person to be at the altar. You don't know what they're going through. You don't know how God's dealing with them and the next thing you know they're at the altar. Don't ever don't ever shy away from going to the altar. If God puts a desire for the altar, then go to the altar. We're going to take all the time we need to let our young people get through with God because nothing matters as much as my son or my daughter getting the Holy Ghost in the house of God. Nothing matters as much as our young people being on fire with the message of the hour. Nothing else matters when it comes to those things. We can do all the things we want to do and that's good. But I think what we need to do is take time for our young people and say that they they are the reason that we're here. So, brother Brandon would say, "Thoughts of God are eternal. They are real. They are not simply like a man with a blueprint he has drawn up which one day will be translated into substance and form, but they are already real and eternal and part of God." And brother Brandon would, excuse me, the scriptures would say it like this. Amen. We are troubled on every side. In 2 Corinthians 4:8, we are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair. Persecuted but not forsaken, cast down but not destroyed. You know why? Because when you're cast down, you're not destroyed because he knew you'd be cast down but he was there to pick you up. Amen. You may be troubled on every side but you're not distressed. Amen. We are perplexed but not in despair. Why? Because we know who we are. Amen. And we are not going to give in to the devil who has tried to steal our joy and trying to steal our young people. Come on, church. What we need to do is let revival happen in our young people. Amen. And don't sit there with a cold bucket of water and try to put it out. Let's let our young people have a revival. Amen. And just like the hot dog, before you could even smell the aroma, you had a taste for a hot dog. You don't like hot dogs. Before there was ever, huh? Peanut butter and jelly hot dogs. Before there was ever a peanut butter and jelly hot dog, there was one already made for you. Not at our house. They, you know, think about it. I I know I've made this a little bit simple and and try to keep it light, but you know, think about it. If you want God, it's as simple as God's already chose you. Right? Amen. I've heard a story and I I don't know where I heard it, so I hope it wasn't anybody here that told me and told me not to tell it because I probably forgot not to tell it. But I heard a story that there was a young man went to youth camp and he was going to get baptized and and the parents wouldn't let him or something and then the next thing you know he goes home and he never has a desire to be baptized again. And I got to thinking that's that's a that's parent delinquence. Amen. That's that's a problem with a parent. If your children if your children want to be baptized, let's get them baptized. Say, well, I want them to just wait. Well, what are they waiting for? Go ahead and let them do it while the desire is there. You say, "Well, they're too young." Come on, church. You can always be rebaptized, but if that's if that's the only time they have to make that decision, let them make that decision because that may be the that may be the time that God's dealing with them. Well, come on, church. We've limited God. You got to be this old or you got to be this age. You got to you got to do this. You got to do Come on, church. What we need to do is take the limits off of God and then we'll see results in our church. we'll see results in our young people. And so what I would say this evening, if you young people have any desire to serve God, hold on to that desire and serve God with everything you've got. Don't let nothing get in front of God. Don't let Don't let nothing stop you from worshiping God in the house of God. Can you say amen? Don't let nothing Listen, church, there's a lot of distractions, right? But we don't need to look at the distractions. We need to look at the desire, right? Amen. And you can you could say, "Well, this person worships different. This one acts." I don't care how that happens. What I want to tell you is this. Just wait until God moves on you. You might be that funny acting person in church. And if you are, don't be ashamed of it. Because the apostle would say, I believe it was Paul that said, "In the way that's called heresy, that's the way I worship God. The way that's called crazy, that's how I wor listen church, that's how we're supposed to worship God. So, I want to say tonight in closing, we are, you may be troubled. You may have all kinds of problems, but we're not distressed. We're not in despair. And we are not forsaken. Can you say amen? Young people, you are not forsaken. God chose you. He placed you here. He knows who you are. He knows every one of you. He knows your first, middle, and last name. I don't even know all that. Amen. Yeah. I I know a lot of your first names, not all of those because I forget. When I call my children, I say, "Jason, Wyatt, Tory, Jonah," or something like that, and then got to remember which one I'm actually talking to. But you know, God doesn't do that, right? Because he wrote your name on the palm of his hand and he knows every detail of your life. Do you believe that? You young people believe that? I want us to stand together as musicians come. I know you know just I don't know how much you got out of today but the point is this before you were born before your parents thought about you before before anything in your life before anything ever happened. God knew you. You know that before your parents were born, before your grandparents was born, before there was ever a thought of you, you believe that tonight? God knew you before your parents thought of you. And I, you know, I I I thought of I that was my thought that came to me. I thought, you know, some some some people don't even know, and I know my my my family, there's been some adoption. My mother, my wife, she's not my mother. My wife, she was adopted. And she's open about that. It's nothing hidden. She was adopted. She was adopted at a baby. And for years, she didn't know who her biological parents were. And they didn't raise her. Her her parents that we know now raised her and raised her well and and all those things. And they that's her parents. But you she didn't never there was a question in her mind, who is my parents? But you know, all that time she didn't even know who her parents were. Yet God knew who her parents were, who she was. And I want to say this just for her for her for your benefit. When her mother her birth mother was in the hospital, she wanted to uh her her birth dad wanted an abortion. They wanted an abortion. And her birth mother was Catholic. And one of the Catholics that don't, they don't believe in abortion. I want you to notice that every step in her life made it to where she could be where she is today. Had her mother believed in abortion, she wouldn't be here. It's just as good as that. Think about it. God knew every step and he knew how to get you here safely. When when the disciples were in the boat, they didn't know about the storm coming, but God already knew about the storm. And God already had somebody in the boat to calm the storm. I wish you'd hear me tonight. God knew you before you were even born. Before you were in your mother's womb. God knew you. Before anything could happen in your life, God knows what's going to happen. So don't worry about tomorrow. Don't worry about the future. God already knows every step. He knows the day you you're born and he knows the day that you will die. He knows everything in between. He knows the why, the how, the reason. You like, you know, we question God. Well, God knows. And if you need to know, you'll know, right? But God knows. We need to surrender ourselves to God. Because if he's an all- knowing God, then I wonder if we could just submit ourselves and say, you know what? I have a desire to serve God, but I want to give my life to him. And young people, there's nothing you can do better than giving your life to Jesus Christ. Who you marry is not as important as being a Christian. Who your friends are is not as important as being a Christian, right? Your favorite movie is not as important as time with the Lord reading your Bible. you know that you know we we we we want our kids you know I want to be I want to raise the next Payton Manning you know not really but you think of in parents you know you think you want to be proud of them you want to be proud of their job I'll tell you what be make would make me more proud than anything for our young people to see young people on fire for God not their not their job status I know all these things are good but that's not what I'm concerned about as a minister of the gospel I want to see souls saved and young people on fire for God. And I know our other ministers are the same way. It it it's not about, listen, church, we're not trying to raise movie stars. We're not trying to raise the next great athletes. What we're trying to raise is is young people who will get ready for a rapture. And us older people need to say, "Yes, I'll get behind that." Because they may be the ones to see the coming of the Lord. And and we listen church, we we need to be so in love with each other and so on fire for God that our young people can see that and can have that as an example for the next generation. There's been enough fussing and fighting in the message. Lay it aside. Can you say amen? There's been enough of, well, we used to do it this way or we used to do it that way. Lay it aside. There's been enough of, well, I wish the church would do this. Listen, listen. I I I know that critical spirits come in. But those critical spirits, all they do is affect our services. Lay it aside for the sake of our young people. Lay aside everything and let us pray for our young people and let our young people pray and say, "Lord, I just want I have a desire to please you." And if we have a desire, God already spoke to us. God's already Listen, I I've seen these young people up here at the altar. I I've some of them have been baptized. I baptized one of myself. I'm going to tell you something. The Lord has already been moving in them. Don't let the devil distract you. Don't let the devil try to try to say, "Well, God, look at this youth group or wish we could do what they're doing." No. No. Let's focus on what we have here. You know, where revival is not growing your church, but revival is reviving what you have, right? I believe we've got great young people here in this church, but let us be in a constant revival that our young people could be in revival and our old people could be in revival. Come on, church. Let us be in a constant revival so that our young people can say, "Well, well, I got to be quiet like they are quiet." No, I say if God, listen, church, if God moves on you to shout, I say, "Let's have the liberty to shout." If God moves on you to say amen, let us have the liberty to say, "Amen. If God moves on us, we need to be open. We need to be willing. We need to be we need to be just in his service. However he moves me, let me move. However he wants me to respond, I will respond. If it's at an altar, I'll go to the altar. If I need to stand there and let a minister lay his hands on me to pray for the sick, I I'm willing. Listen church, lay aside your own thinking and let us be surrendered vessels to a God that has already chosen us. Before there was ever a world, you were in the thoughts of God. You're eternal. You're eternal. And I I I just want to see our young people on fire. How about you? How about you? I wonder if we could just say, bow our heads and just say it like this. Lord, Lord, I'm willing to surrender my time for our young people to be saved. I I'm willing to surrender what I had planned for our young people to get the Holy Ghost. Are Are we Are we really Are we really ready and able to say, "Lord, whatever you have for my young people, for these young people, their parents are sitting there." Every parent in this building ought to be saying, "Lord, fill my young people with the Holy Ghost. Above everything else, I want to see revival in our young people. Above everything else, I want to see God moving in their lives. Above everything, I want to see young people filled and serving God and be that next generation we can look at and say that, you know, it it was good to pass the torch to you. Amen. There's going to be the young preachers that are raised up. We don't want to just raise up more more preachers, but we want to raise up young people who love this message. We want to raise up young ladies who we don't have to force them to dress a certain way, but they're so in love with God that it just comes natural to them. That's what we want. As we h as we bow our heads, I want you to search your heart right now. If the Lord is dealing with you or if you need prayer, I want you to know the altar's open and we'll be happy to pray for you. Oh, so unworthy now. Oh, so [Music] unworthy. Oh, love such mercy. [Music] Oh, when he was on the cross, you and I were all just singing it now. Oh yes, he knew. Oh yes he loved me. Oh it was he whose [Music] glor. Oh, I'm so [Music] unworthy. Such mercy for he was on the cross. You and I. There's any of you others want to come. You can come on now. One more time. Oh, renew me. Oh, [Applause] yeah. It was he glory made. All the hands any of the ministers or brothers would come and pray. Sister would pray. Oh, with all your heart you love me. Oh, the first way was on the cross for you and I were all Oh, can you sing it one more time? You believe he knew you? Oh yes, he knew me. Oh yes, he loved me. Oh, it was he whose glory remains. All the heavens shine. Oh, I was so I was [Music] unworthy. Such [Music] worthy. Oh, when he [Music] was I was born. He's all I need. He's all I need. Oh, Jesus is all He's all I need. [Music] Oh, I need all I need. Jesus is all I need. Oh, I take him now. I take him down for all that I need. Oh yes, I take him. Oh, I [Music] take for all I worship him. Oh, I worship you. My word [Music] [Applause] is honor the mercy. Oh my [Music] word for his [Music] word and spirit. [Music] Jesus is all you [Music] are. Yes, you are Jesus. Lord [Music] Jesus bless your name is mine. Help me oh God. Help me to know [Music] you. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord my king. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. [Music] You are with the [Music] Lord all the things you refilled with the Holy Spirit be all the Lord God says the name of Jesus. Lord, I pray your [Music] name. Oh, Lord God. Holy Ghost today. Helpful heart Jesus we pray. Oh God today. Thank you for Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Praise. Hallelujah. Praise now. You are the [Music] you the way. Oh my name. [Music] My name [Music] Jesus breaks every [Music] Jesus breaks [Music] every better. Oh [Music] Jesus. For he set me free. Oh, I will [Music] ever praise him. Oh, I never ever Oh, I will make you ever praise him for Jesus free. Oh Jesus praise. You believe he does it tonight. [Music] Oh Jesus praise [Music] every Oh Jesus praise every [Music] be free. Sometimes [Music] how [Applause] [Music] sometimes sometimes chasing our hearts is one accord. Oh, sometimes I sometimes pray and sometimes our hearts in one accord. [Music] Oh, our voices up to the skies our sea. Oh, let us now return his love and let his praisees r. [Applause] Oh, sometimes. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, sometimes. I wonder if we can praise the Lord tonight, church. Oh, sometimes we see our hearts in one of Oh, sometimes I want to praise the Lord. Sometimes it just see our [Music] hearts. Oh, let us feel his praise. Let sounds of praises fill the air. All the sing of Jesus [Music] love to keep on everywhere. Oh sometimes. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh sometimes. Oh the way the Lord's moving tonight. Lord, we just praise you for showing up. Well, sometimes our hearts want a sometimes. Oh, sometimes praise. Praise the Lord. sometimes gently sing our hearts in one [Music] accord and we'll give the glory to Jesus and we'll tell of his and tell of his love. Oh, we'll give all the glory to Jesus and we'll tell of his wonderful love. Can we give him glory now? Oh, we'll give all the [Music] glory to Jesus and tell of his love and we'll tell of his love. Oh, we'll give all the glory to Jesus and we'll tell of his [Music] wonderful. One more time with all your hearts now. Oh, we will give all the glory to my Jesus. And tell of his love. Can you tell about his love tonight? And tell of his love. Oh, and we'll give all the glory to [Music] Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Aren't you thankful that he that began a good work will finish what he started? Can you say amen? If he started a good work today, he will finish a good work. And he knows what's on the way. Somebody ought to give the Lord praise tonight. Somebody ought to say, "Praise the Lord." Because if he started a work, I don't care how small that work is in your life tonight. Don't you get to thinking, "Well, that's all I get." No. God wants to give you filling after filling after filling. Young people, old people, I don't care who you are. God wants to give you more than you want. He wants you to be Come on, church. He wants to fill you more than you want to be filled. So I say, "Lord, fill my cup. Fill me over and over and over until I can't contain the blessings of God." Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. I wonder if we could sing the old song, My God is real. Kim G, you believe he's real? Believe he's real. With all your hearts now, let me hear you sing it now. There are some things I may not know. There are some places I just can't go. But I am sure of this one day that God is real. For I can feel him deep within. Let me hear you now. Oh my God is real. He's real in my [Music] soul. My God is real. For he has washed. Oh, can you testify about it now? Well, his love for me is like your gold. My God is real in my soul. Some folks may doubt, some boast, some folks may scorn. Well, they can all go on and leave me alone. But as for me, this is your part here. I'll take God's [Music] part. And God is real. For I can't feel him deep in my heart. Oh, my God is real. He's real in my soul. Oh yes, he is. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. Oh, his love for [Music] me is like your gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. I cannot tell just how you fell when Jesus took your sins all away. Aren't you glad he did it for you? Oh, but ever since that day. Oh, ever since that hour, my God has been real. For I can feel his holy power. Let me hear you sing it now. My [Music] God for he has won. Oh his love for me. His life go. Yes. My God is real. I can feel him in my soul. One more time on the course now. Oh my God is real. He's real. You believe he's real here tonight. Well, my God is real. For he has washed. Oh, he made me whole. His love for me is like gold. It's like miracle. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Well, I feel I feel like praising. Oh, can somebody praise him here tonight? Well, why don't you praise the Lord while you have a chance? Oh, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Can we do it now? Oh, just praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him one more time. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, yes we do. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Well, I feel I feel like praising praising [Applause] him. Oh, I think we ought to all feel like praising him. Aren't you glad for the message of the hour? Aren't you glad that Jesus Amen. He picked me up and turned me around. Can't nobody do me like Jesus. You believe that tonight? Amen. You believe it? We're going to sing it. And we can sing it a lot better if you believe it. You believe that? You know, sometimes we just got to believe what we're singing about. You know, our young people, we claim them. We claim them as as as believers. That's our testimony. My test, don't you know, we heard this morning about testimony. Don't you ever let the negative thought about our young people come in your mind. Because you know what the devil will do? He'll tell you that they're just not good enough to make it. He'll tell you the world's got a hold of them. But we're going to just keep holding on to the promise. We're going to hold on for our young people. Can you say amen? You young people, we're going to hold on to the work that's already been started. Amen. Little by little, little by little, God's going to get he's going to finish what he started. We believe that tonight. And we're going to sing this one just before we go. So, let's just do it with all our hearts now. You young people, can you sing it real loud for me? Well, there can't nobody [Music] Love me like Jesus. Oh, you sound good. I'm not well nobody my pray he healed my body right. He healed my body right on. He healed my body right. mine. Oh, you hear everybody now? Well, there can't be like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody to be like the Lord. Well, there nobody to be like Jesus cuz he my friend. Well, there came nobody love me. Love me like Jesus. Oh, nobody love me like no. Well, they can't nobody love me like Jesus. He's my friend. Give the Lord one more hand clap of praise. Amen. We're going to have some refreshments in the fellowship hall for all of you want to stay. Young people, just stick around if you can and and just have some fellowship. Amen. Has the Lord been good to us tonight? Amen. We we sure love the Lord and we love our young people and we want to do everything we can for them and and we just want to we want to say we're we're just going to work right till the till till there's not a not a thing left in us to work for our young people. We want to just keep on keeping on. Amen. And pressing the battle. Amen. And I believe we we have the best of the best and we just want to keep uh you know just promoting that and our young people. How many's going to pray for our young people? Amen. I believe they need it and they need it now more than ever. Amen. I'm going to ask one of you young people to come and pray over the food and and dismiss us. Matty, come on, buddy. I like volunteers. That's good. Go ahead. Let's bow our heads in Jesus. Dear Jesus, thank you for this day. Please help us all have a good rest of the night tonight and help us all travel home safely. And if you would bless the bless the food in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, buddy. Amen. Let's sing that as they go now. where there can't nobody do me like Jesus. So can't nobody do me like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody do me like Jesus cuz he's my friend. Oh, he healed my body. Told me to run on. He healed my body, told me to run on. Will he heal my body? He told me to run on. He's my friend. Well, he picked me up and he turned me around. Oh yes, he picked me up and he turned me around. Well, he fixed me up and he turned me around. Well, he's Oh, yes, he is. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody love me like the Lord. Well, there [Music]
