################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-24 - When the Church Gets Sick of Manna Pastor Ben Pruitt 3-23-25 - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-24
Title:   When the Church Gets Sick of Manna Pastor Ben Pruitt 3-23-25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGXx3BPKZJI
========================================

[Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Can you hear me? [Music] That's the idea. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] Okay. [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank [Music] [Laughter] [Music] you. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] Hi. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. The name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The name of the Lord is the name of the Lord. My strong power the [Music] righteous will the righteous and they are Blessed be the name of the Lord. The name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. In the name of the Lord, blessed the name of the Lord, the most high. I gave you my hand of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. Let's do Jesus got a hold of my life. Amen. Well, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let it [Music] go. Now Jesus got into my heart. already got into my soul. Well, I used to be oh so sad. Now we're just free and glad because Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. I know that Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Amen. [Music] Now Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. I used to be oh so sad. But now just glad Jesus got a hold of my life. Sing it to you now. Let's hear you sing it tonight. I know that. [Music] singing good y'all sing this evening. Oh, now we're just free and glad cuz Jesus got a hold of our life. Amen. You glad you got a hold? Sing it one more time, too. I know that Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let it go. Oh, Jesus got into my heart. He got it into my soul. I used to be so sad. Now just free and glad. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. I've got a revelation. Well, cuz I've got a revelation of predestination. I've got a revelation. God is my father. Amen. Well, he tells me where dear king tells me where I'm going in the gates of every God is Well, it tells me where I came from. Tells me where I'm going in the gates of hell. Will never sing it to him again now. Cuz I've got a revelation of redation. I've got a revelation. God is my father. Well, he tells me where I came from. tells me she'll never pre my father. Well, it tells me where I came from. Tells me where the gates of heaven will never prevail again. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing to him. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Amen. Well, there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost. It is burning now within my heart. Will glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Well, one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm where I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of the Now these people may not know me or most of they have all received their call baptizing Jesus name and are telling Now both far and wide his power is just the same. I'm so glad I can say I'm now. I'm so glad I can say I want to be I'm so glad I can say I'm one of the now they were gathered in the upper room while praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. Powerful service came. Now what he did for them that day, he'll do for you. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of the I'm so glad I can say I'm so glad I can say come my brother come my brother Seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bell ringing and will keep your soul in flame. In his word and now within my heart all glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of the one of the I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can sing. Sing that chorus. Our brothers cover the offer. One of the well, one of the I'm so glad I can say I'm one of the I'm one of the I'm so glad I can say I'm one of the Give him a hand of praise this evening. Amen. Are you glad you can say you're one of his? Amen. Amen. and just looking forward to a good time in the Lord tonight. Just welcome everyone back to the house of the Lord. Amen. Did you enjoy the message this morning? Amen. We certainly needed it. Amen. Amen. It's Sometimes it's good. We got to hear it straight. Hear the truth. Amen. And and pick up where we're slacking. Amen. Just appreciate the man of God bringing us the word. Amen. Like that. And and we certainly need it this evening. Amen. Don't you have any written requests tonight? Amen. You have a need on your heart, just remember the needs among the church and around and about. Amen. and we take these to the Lord this evening. Amen. Lord, we ask that you bless the tithe and the offering and you'd help those that need you, Lord. And ask you to continue to raise and go and pray. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Amen. Amen. Let's try to do that. Uh so much to thank him for tonight. Amen. I think that's the next one we got. Amen. Have you got so much to thank him for this evening? Amen. Oh, when I look all around and see all the good things. Think about it as you sing it tonight. Now I know I'm unworthy of it all. But his blessings he freely gives. I owe my whole life to him. I've got so much just to thank him [Music] for now. I've got so much to thank you for much. Well, he's been so good to me. Now we're not done. He has brought me from I've got soul. Amen. Amen. Amen. Certainly how we feel tonight. Sometimes while on my way I need I just stop and say thank you Lord. Oh for all you've done for me. Someday I'll reach and show. every day. Once more, I've got so much just to thank you for now. I've got so much to thank you for so much to praise him. You see, he has so to me now when I think of all he's done where he has brought me from I've got soul. Sing that first verse again, brother Robert. When I look all around and see all the good things God has done for me, well, I know I'm unworthy of it all. But his blessings I owe my whole life to him. I've got so much more to thank you for telling my I've got so much to thank you. So much praise. [Applause] [Music] Now when I do all he's done he has brought me from I've got soul. Amen. Sing that chorus to me one more time again tonight. Amen. Run your heart now. I've got so much to thank you for. So much to praise you. You see, you know, he's been so good to me. Now, when I think of all he's done, where he has brought me from, I've got so much more to thank him for. Gave him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. So much to thank him for. Amen. We got a song from brother Joe. Sister Stephanie going to help him tonight. And Graceland, are you going to help him? She's getting ready. Yeah. Here she comes. Amen. They're going to sing a special force this evening. Amen. I know who I am. Cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation was only the start. Now I am chosen. I'm free and forgiven. [Music] I have a future and it's worth [Music] living cuz I was angry to the grave. I was called by gra born and raised back to rise again. I was made for [Music] more. So why would I let my sh of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. And [Music] [Music] now I know who I am cuz I know who you are. [Music] The cross of salvation was only a star. Now I am chosen. I'm free and forgiver. I have a future and it's worth living. I was called by name and raised back to rise again. I was made [Music] for I [Music] is running my way. I know I am yours and I call my name. [Music] [Applause] You call my angel Yeah. Not going [Applause] [Music] back to the grave. I was called by born and raised back to life again. I was [Music] born of grace is running my way. I know I am yours and I was [Music] born. You call out my name. I sing out your [Music] praise. There's no one going back. [Applause] [Music] appreciate that. Amen. Good job. Amen. Give him another hand. Amen. I appreciate. Amen. Sister Sharon has really got a song tonight. I promise this time. Amen. We'll let her sing this evening. Amen. You going to play for her? Black mic. [Music] How long has it been since you talked with the Lord and told him your heart's hidden [Music] secrets. How long since you prayed? How long since you stayed on your knees? Till the light shines through. [Applause] [Music] How long has it been since your mind felt at ease? How long since your heart knew no [Music] burden? Can you call him your friend? How long has it been since you knew that he cared for you? How long has it been since you knelt by your bed and pray to the Lord up in heaven? [Music] How long since you knew that he'd answer you and would keep you the long night through? How long has it been since you woke with the dawn and felt that the days worth the living? Can you call him your friend? How long has it been since you knew that he cared for you? Can you call him your friend? How long has it been since you knew that he cared for [Music] you? Amen. Amen. Enjoy that tonight. Amen. Thanks, Sister Sharon. Amen. Amen. Appreciate the singer. Let's give them another hand. Amen. what it looks like this evening. Amen. Let's sing tonight. Amen. Let's sing goodness of God key of C. Amen. Let's do that this evening. Amen. Amen. Amen. You love him tonight. Amen. I love you, Lord. Oh, for your mercy. Tell him tonight now. Oh my days. Oh, let's hear you sing it to him tonight. Amen. Let your voice call out that I wake up till I lay my hand. I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am. Let's stand together now to sing that second. Oh, good boy. Let's hear you sing it good tonight. Oh, I love your voice. Amen. Glory. Amen. In the darkest night, you are close. Amen. I've known you as a father. Oh, I've known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. Tell him tonight. All my life you have been faithful. Aren't you glad he has been this tonight? Oh my life you have been so so good. Oh, with every breath that I am made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Let's sing that verse again. I love your voice. Thank you for your voice, Lord. You have led me through the fire. Oh, in darkest night time, you are close like no other. Oh, I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. Hallelujah. All my life, all my life, you have been faithful. Oh, I'm so thankful. Oh my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am made, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's bow our heads together for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, you've been faithful to us. Faithful in our good times and our bad times, our struggles and Lord, our valleys and our mountains. So thankful that you are faithful Lord that that we could not be Lord that in ourselves we we just don't have that attribute in our natural life but Lord you've inspired faithfulness. It's your attribute oh God even in our own hearts. So thankful Lord we love you today. I I pray you'd reveal your word to us this afternoon. just come and open yourself up to us, Lord. Lord, let us let us feed on the body, word of the son of man, and we'll give you the praise and the glory and the honor. Bless every sick person, touch every heart. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Thank the Lord. Amen. Numbers chapter 21 and verse 5. Numbers 21 and5. It's uh good to be back with you this afternoon. Thank you all. All those who got to stay and those that are watching this afternoon. I know some are traveling. So, we're praying for them. Uh this week, of course, we'll be traveling with the young people. So, we coveret your prayers for that. Uh starting we'll be here on Wednesday, but then on Thursday morning early, we'll be leaving and uh brother Joel and and Sister Virginia and myself, my wife will be traveling. So, next week, Sunday morning, we'll just have one service next Sunday. One service. And uh uh so we won't have a second service. And I know some of them are going to take an opportunity to go out and eat. Now, if you need to bring your food and still eat here, that's fine. But I know some of them are going to take that opportunity to go out and eat, but u we'll uh we'll be with the young people. And let's just pray the Lord will just bless them in a mighty way there at the camp. And then um uh so we've got that and then the next weekend after that, Brother Ben Beard will be here preaching for us. Last time he came, it wasn't really fair to him because we uh uh it was a snowstorm come in and and uh I remember he preached and everybody's watching the weather, you know, and he did a good job, but but uh he is coming back and he'll be here that Sunday morning and Sunday afternoon on the 6th. The Lord willing, I'll be here, but he'll be preaching for us. Do you love the word this afternoon? Amen. That's what we come together to hear. But Joel will be traveling back from Arizona. Uh I think in the mornings we'll be praying for them and and uh each one that's traveling. Numbers 21:5. The people spake against God and against Moses. Wherefore have you brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? For there is no bread, neither is there any water. Now, that was actually a lie. Yeah. Because they had the water out of the rock, but they said there's no bread, no water, and our soul loathth this light bread. Angels food. But they said we hate it. We absolutely can't stand it. I want to preach to you on when the church gets sick of mana. Pray the Lord add his blessing to the word. You may be seated. Israel had many advantages in their wilderness journey. They were promised a land flowing with milk and honey. They uh they they had that promise to look forward to. But not only that, they had a vindicated prophet as their leader, as the one who would lead that age. And and uh they had been delivered from the bondage of Egypt. They they shouted on the banks of the Red Sea as they watched their persecutors drown, never to be seen again. Some of us could identify with that. We remember what it was like when when the devils that had tormented us were done away with were taken out of our life and never to be seen. And we saw a a final complete victory over the enemy in our lives. We we remember what that was like. We we danced on the shores of the Red Sea and they had they had experienced the the the pillar of fire, the power of God, the the deliverance of God. The their bitter water was made sweet. Oh my. The smitten rock followed them providing water wherever they went. And they literally had angels food to eat. Mana. Mana is the food that God gave them from heaven. And we don't really know for sure what it was, but in Exodus 16:14, it says, "When the dew that lay was gone up, behold, upon the face of the wilderness, there lay a small round thing as small as the horrost on the ground. And when the children of Israel saw it, they said one to another, it is mana, for they wish not what it was." And Moses said unto them, "This is the bread which the Lord hath given you to eat. This is the thing which the Lord hath commanded. gather of it every man according to his eating and for every man according to the number of your persons. Take ye every man for them which are in his tent. So we know that this mana was just a type of Christ. If you'll preach with me, we'll get through fast tonight. But he it's a type of Christ. In John 6:48, Jesus tells the the uh Israelites, he said, "I am that bread of life." Yeah. He said, "Your fathers did eat mana in the wilderness and are dead and that's eternal, eternally separated from God." He said, "But this is the bread which cometh down from heaven that a man may eat thereof and not die." So this is even better than what they had. He said, "This is this is bread that once you eat of it, you don't ever hunger or thirst again." Oh my. He said, "I'm the living bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat of this bread, he shall live forever. The bread that I will give is my flesh which I will give for the life of the world. I want to ask you to this afternoon a simple question. How do you get tired of heavenly bread? Yeah. Come on. How is it that we can get bored? Come on now. By heavenly bread. Yeah. I'm just preaching to you today. Y'all forgive me. But but how do we get fed up and and unwilling to and undesirous of the bread of God? That's right. How could we ever get enough of him? How could we feed too much on the body word of the son of man that we would say, "I don't want it no more. I I'll just let it go. I'll go when it's convenient for me. I'll listen when it's convenient for me. I'll read when it's convenient for me." When do we When did we get fed up? Come on, church. I'm I'm just preaching. I You know me. You know I love you. Okay. How do you get tired of mana? Yeah. It's a good question, isn't it? We look back at the Israelites say, "You guys are crazy. You didn't have to work for it. You You didn't have to till it. You didn't have to You didn't have to harvest it. All you had to do was go pick it up and eat it. And it was it tasted like honey. Oh my. It's free. It comes from heaven. You don't have to buy it. All you got to do is go pick it up. And you know, every day there's going to be a new supply of mana from heaven. How do you ever get tired? Come on now. of mana. Israel was a type of the church. We know that. The called out. And in the church is a mixed multitude. And you remember the Bible says the mixed multitude got to grumbling and the mixed multitude is always with the church but it it affects the believer because when the mixed multitude gets to grumbling and complaining then the believers many times do the same thing and and yet they had angels food to eat and all of these advantages. But I believe we have all of these advantages today. We do have a vindicated prophet. We do have a perfect word. We do have the power of the Holy Ghost. We have all of these things. But why would people get tired of mana? Now look, it it was a type of the church and God had called them out of Egypt and they'd experienced great victory. But then he immediately allowed them to go into a test. And God will do the same thing in every one of our lives. He'll call you out. He'll call you the message of the hour. And then you'll sit there and think, why after he called me out would he let me go through this? Because he loves you. because he deals with you as sons and daughters of God. He deals with you as someone who can take it. Amen. So what is he doing? He's putting you to a test. Brother Brandham said when a fellow receives Christ as his savior, everything is on the housetop. But before this man can come into the baptism of the Holy Spirit, this person, he must first have a sanctifying process. He must have a testing time in his life. Every son that cometh to God is first scourged, chasened, chastised. And if we cannot stand chastisement, it shows we're not children of God. We're bastards, not children of God, the Bible said. But if we can stand the chastisement knowing, Amen. that all things, someone say, "All things work together for good to them that love God." Am I the only one here this afternoon? Are are we all here and ready to hear the word of the Lord? Listen. All things. Someone say it with me. All things work together for good, for my good, for your good, for the good of them that love God. He says, "So we know, we go through the hard times knowing sir that it works together for our good." You say, "Explain my situation." I can't, but I do know it's part of all things. I I don't understand why some people seem like are plagued with this or that or the other. Some families deal with sickness. Some deal with financial trouble. Some deal with trouble with their children. Some deal with something else. And some seems like deal with everything. And you think, why is it that you go through it? But God must trust you or he wouldn't put you through it. He put his children to the test. He always does. He deals with us as sons. He said, "But if we can stand the chastisement, knowing that all things work together for good to them that love God, then we are sons and daughters of God. Then he seals us with the Holy Spirit till the day of our redemption. See, that's the chastisement, the strain, the thing we go through. And Israel as a historical type had to take this chastisement. Hebrews 12:6 tells us, "For whom the Lord loveth, whom he loveth, he let you go through that because he loves you." That's right. He made it difficult many times. Many times he allows it to be difficult for us to to make it difficult for us to even go to church because he loves us. Because he knows it's for our good to persevere through the pain and persevere through the struggle and persevere through the anxiety. He knows it's for our good to learn how to lean on him in the moments when we don't feel like it and we serve him anyway. Great. And brother Ram says, "So then that process of time, there's where the great falling away come in Israel. When this great crowding in time, crowding in time, then the people begin to fall away from one side to the other. Then I like the way he put us in there chatting. I'm just imagining. Do you guys remember instant messages? Some of y'all do. You're smiling. You remember AOL? Some of y'all don't know what I'm talking about. You sit there and wait, you know, sit there and wait on it to come up and then you sit there and you type out a little message. It takes about 10 minutes, you know, sending a little wheel spinning and then it goes. I'm just imagining the Israelites out there with instant IM. You know what are they? They're chatting. It sounded like this. Well, we wish we were back down in Egypt. They were slaves. But you realize how quickly your mind can turn and the devil can get you convinced you're worse off than you was. And then there I am. You know, we wish we were back down in Egypt. We can't stand this light bread. We are sick of hearing the same message over and over again. We're tired of coming to church and it just gets boring to us. Yeah. It be we become sick of it. Oh my. Come on. Oh, I hope we're not in that condition today. I don't believe you are on a Sunday night or you wouldn't be here. Yeah. But we need to we need to watch this. He says, in other words, if I would take it historically now, he said that's what they said. Now in the modern day, like like now we text, we chat on Facebook, WhatsApp. Yeah. Signal, all of those things in their chatting. Yeah. This is what they would do in the modern days. He said, he said in the modern day it would be oh every Wednesday night prayer meeting. Yeah. Every Sunday morning back to the church. Why do we hear the same thing? The preacher stand up and preach songs. Go on back. He said, "See then you're just going as a line of duty." He said, "You're not a worshipper." There you go. A worshipper goes there to worship. Come on. I told somebody, they said, "Well, so and so don't like my singing." I said, "I didn't realize we were worshiping so and so." Come on, church. I didn't come to worship you or you didn't come to worship me. We come to worship God. He said, "A worshipper goes there to worship, to express himself before his God, to praise God for his goodness." every word he hangs on to it. That's a worshipper. Brother Brown types this to a boyfriend girlfriend relationship. He said, "If you was going with a girl because you knew it was a duty or you going with a boy when you were young." He said, "Mama wants me to go with this guy, but I just can't stand him." Now, surely none of us ever did that, but you don't get nothing of him coming to see you. Just don't mean anything. It's just a duty. Or if it's the same way about the girl to the boy or boy to the girl, he said, "You go with her. She bores you. If she bores you now, wait till you get married." Right? Y'all sitting together, we're so bored. I probably shouldn't get married then. It's a whole lot more boring afterwards. But you got to want to be together, right? My wife was trying to get out of going to youth camp, you know, and uh I said, "Man, I started counting days. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. I don't want to be away from my wife that long. Is that okay? I I just don't want to be. I don't have a desire to be. That's right. Huh? I want to have my wife there. It don't matter just just if she's there. You know, we don't have to ride in the same vehicle or anything, but we just just she just be there, right? I just want her to be there and nobody else listens to me complain like she does. Nobody else can can can I can be as comfortable with or as open with. Do you see what the type is, church? We got to love to be around him. We got to love when we when we talk to him. We got to love to come to the house of God and say, "Lord, I'm comfortable with you." I'm not here just cuz mama wants me to be here. I'm not here just cuz daddy wants me to be here. I'm here for you, Lord. See, he said, "If if you just go cuz mama wants you to go, mama wants you to be with this person. If it bores you, no love affair, you don't care." He said, "You don't want to clean up. You don't even want to go see her. Huh? If your marriage gets to that place, now's the time to check up. For when our marriage relationships get to the place where we don't care if we clean up no more. We don't care if if they if we're around them or not, that's a problem. We need to deal with it right there. Do you realize that they they found out that there's a mathematical equation to marriage? And it goes like this that that it's it's a they can predict when a marriage is going to end based on how bored the couple is in each other's company. Just based on how bored Oh, church. You realize that we as preachers, as ministers, we can do the same thing with the gospel. And how many times have I've seen people when they get bored with the house of God when they get bored with the word and they don't it just don't mean nothing no more. I know we got things come up and and things keep us from the house of God. I realize many people that want to be here can't be here. But when we are here, if we're just bored to death, you realize it's a great indicator that a person's on their way out. Boredom is a is a is a is a great indicator that you're not going to be there for very long. Listen, we should not be bored with the presence of Jesus Christ. We should not be bored sitting in heavenly places in Christ. We should not be bored hearing about our new home. We should not be bored hearing about the great things of God, about the promises of God. And when we preach the promises, there ought to be something on the inside and say, "Yes, Lord, that's mine. I'm going to that land filled with milk and honey. I'm going to be a part of that group. I'm going to be there." It shouldn't bore us to hear a prophet tell us about going beyond the curtain of time and the millions that cried out. And I identify with that group that says you he preached just what Paul preached and we said we're resting on that. I identify with that group. It doesn't bore me. Yeah. This message don't bore me. Yeah. And if you get bored by the gospel, you better be careful. That's good. It's a lack of a love affair. He said, he said, "When he's coming to see you, might you wish he would hurry on and go home, you should you should see how hard it is to keep some of these kids apart." I got teenagers. Y'all got teenagers, man. They just want to talk all the time, be around each other all the time. I mean, and then you you got to set boundaries and things and appropriate make keep it appropriate, but they're going to push the limits. They're teenagers. That's what they do. Why? Because there's an attraction, right? For the right or wrong reasons, there's an attraction. But what if there's no attraction no more? What if there's just boredom? Well, it's a bad place to be, church. We don't want to ever get that way. Let's get back to the water. Get back to the well. There's a well for us. That's the hope in it. There's water for us. There's man it to eat. He said, "Then the same way it is when you" He said, he said, "Why does he preach so long?" What about all this stuff and everything? See, you're not in love. Yeah. He said, "But when you really hang on to every word," as the spirit gave warning, he said, "Hanging on to every word." That might be what he's been talking to you about. Holding on is eternal life. Every word of God. It's a joy to go to church under any circumstance. Whether it's hot, cold, indifferent, whether the people are fussing, growling. You ever heard a congregation growling? Absolutely. But whether the people are growling and fussing, whatever it is, I don't believe that's you, church. You're a wonderful church. But look, my it's boresome. He he said he said, "It's still a joy to hear the word of the Lord, no matter what the people say." He said, "Then you're in love with Christ. See, you love to go to church." He said, "Well, honey, here it's Sunday morning again. I guess we have to wash up the youngans and get down there." Oh, some of y'all are so convicted right now. Kids, go take your baths. We have to go to church tomorrow. And if we're not there on time, everybody's going to look at us. Do we lose what it's for? The reason why we're going, he said, "It's still a joy to hear the word of the Lord, then you're in love with Christ. See, you love to go to church. Yeah, honey. It's Sunday morning again. I guess we have to wash up the young ones. Get down there. My, it's boresome. See, you're not in love. But if you're really in love, you just can't wait till Sunday morning comes. You just got to get down there with them. And we get, he said, to leave the people of God, they don't bore you. Yeah. Come on, church. They don't bore you. A person who's in love with God can't help but being in love with God's people. Amen. They don't bore you. Amen. Why? They're brothers and sisters. Brother Brandon said this. He said, "There you get to where you're as thick as sorghum molasses on a cold morning." Now, some of y'all don't know how thick that is, but that's almost like concrete. He said, "What we love each other is not because that we're somebody." He said, "We don't love each other because we're somebody, but it's the Christ in one another that we love. It's the God that's in our beings that we love." He said, "Now, we love to come together. When one has a has a blessing, we're all happy about it. When one is sad, we're sad with him. We want to all be together. That's the way we're supposed to be. That's what the Bible tells us. What? Listen, church, it ought to thrill our hearts. When we see somebody come back to the house of the Lord that's been away for a while, it ought to be something in our heart. Say, Lord, I'm glad that they made it back to the house of God. I'm glad that you saved them. I'm glad you brought them. It don't have to be my family to bless my heart. Yeah. Oh, Brother Joe, when you sitting there singing with your daughter and your granddaughter, that just blessed me tonight because I know I I know it wasn't possible a few years ago. But God, rich in mercy. God knows what he's doing. And it thrills my heart when I see a family joyful. I that thrills my heart. It ought to thrill every one of us when we see people get blessed. Maybe you say, "Well, I haven't been blessed in a while." If you'd start being happy about other people being blessed, maybe you'd be blessed. Right. He said, he said, "When one has a blessing, we're all happy. When one's sad, we're sad." That's good. We experience that, too, don't we? Yeah. We know what that's like when somebody gets hurt. Yeah. When the church loses that feeling, it's a danger zone. It's a red flag. Yeah. When someone hurts. I watch some of these elders come in struggle to get into the house of God and I hurt. I'm not just saying that, church. I do. It hurts. Yeah. Every one of us are going down there one day. The Lord carries. We're all going to get older. I see you struggle to make your place in the house of God, but you come anyway. I hurt for you, but I'm happy for you that there's so much God in your heart. You don't want to stay away from the house of God. Amen. When our families are hurting, when their children get sick, I hurt for them. I hurt for them. I think we all ought to hurt for one another. When one's sad, we're sad with him. We want to all be together. Brother Brandham talked about how a mother wants all of her children to be there. That's the best gift you could give to your mother is everybody be around the table. Just be there. Yeah, that's what that's the way a mother something in a mother's heart. Doesn't matter that weward child, no matter how weward they are and how far off maybe they've gone, how many years it's been maybe since she's seen them, but she wants all of her children to be around the table again. And that's her greatest desire. I wonder if the Lord's like that sometimes. And maybe his greatest desire is just to have all of his children around the table feeding. I know for me as a pastor, there's nothing better than getting to church and realizing maybe some of you didn't expect to be there, but they're there and they persevered to be in the house of God. There's something about that that means the world to us. Why we want to all be together? He said, "That's the way we're supposed to be." And life hinders us many times, but we should take every opportunity that we can. He said, "That's the way Israel was supposed to be." He said, "But it become burdensome. Oh, this old light bread. Angels bread. What do we care about this old light bread? Our souls loafth this stuff. When I was in Egypt, they had the best bread. It was baked right out in the, you know, they b they had bakeries, open air bakeries, and they laid the bread out to rise just right out in the uh it was round like this. And it was thick. It wasn't flat. It was it was thicker, but it was round. And they lay it right out there in all the dirt and the mules walking by. And but I loved it. And I I I gained weight in Egypt actually cuz I ate so much of that bread. But ever since by the time we got close to the end of that trip after two weeks of that, I was done because I could care less whether I ever saw it again. And right now, if you gave me some of that bread, I didn't eat lunch. And right now, I wouldn't probably eat a piece of that bread because I just had so much of it. Is that the way the gospel becomes to us sometimes? We've heard it over and over and over again. That's the way it was to them. It was just all over the place. It was so available, huh? They could pick it up wherever they were at. They could just walk out in the morning and pick it up. And because there was no effort on their part, come on, church. You remember when it was an effort to hear the message? Some of you remember when it took effort to listen to a tape. You remember I remember as a young person getting that box of tapes in the mail and that's what you listen to for the next two or three months and you paid for it, right? You paid $4 a tape or what? $6 a tape or whatever it was, which is a lot of money back then. So you paid for it and you sit there and listen to it or listen to it in your car. You remember what that's like. But today it's everywhere, right? You can listen on YouTube. You can go on the internet. You can go on any website. Go on our website. Go on Voice of God. Go on uh the message hub. You can go anywhere and listen to it. But do we pick it up? Come on, church. I'm not rebuking you. I just want us to think about it. Are we picking it up? Is it still life to us? Is it still something we want to hear? Is it still something or just is it just become common to us like the little boy? Brother Brandon said that Pentecostalist said become like the little boy. He said they shake little things at it and everything else. It wouldn't even move. It wouldn't even make a They didn't even notice it. He said it just the gifts have been shook before it. He said until they don't even notice it anymore. They don't even recognize when God is there. I wonder when we come to church if we just take for granted the presence of God. If we just sit there and think, "Well, it'll always be there. It may not always be there." We should take every opportunity to walk in, step in, feed on the things of God. Yeah. Why do we care about this old light bread? Our souls are sick. That's what that word loath means. They're sick of this stuff. Come on. And everything is wrong. And this old mama that falls out or this old man rather be different to old mama fell out every out of heaven. Well, I'm human, brothers and sisters. This old man, that's why I need glasses. This old mana that falls out every night. Why we would rather have some garlic and leak out of Egypt. You see, their hearts wasn't ready for the journey. Oh my. He said, "When a man or woman begins to complain about going to church, they get so tired of going to church, they're not ready for the journey. There's something wrong somewhere." See, we got to be ready for the journey. Yeah. That's what he's doing. That's why we're going through the testing time, to be ready for the journey. I heard brother McGary say this. I think I've heard him say it before, but I heard him say it recently. He said he got up and told his church because he has a they have a big crowd on Sunday mornings and less on Sunday nights. He said tonight the secret of the rapture is going to be unveiled for all of those of you that come. He said he said if you don't come, if you got better things to do than to get a body change, he said, "You all go on. What would we do if we really believe that?" That's right. What are we doing? We're getting ready for the journey. Yeah. He said, "Oh, when you love God and thinking you're going to heaven and all of you are going together, it means something to us to be together. I appreciate I I I don't call people out very often, but I I seen Logan and Jessica trade places today. I appreciate that. I know they've got a sick boy at home and they they've kind of traded out and one come one service, one come another." God will honor that effort. He'll honor that effort. You say, "Well, it doesn't matter." It does matter. He's getting us ready for a journey. He's putting us in a place where we'll do what what God wants us to do, even if the times are difficult. Oh my. He said, "When you're thinking of going to heaven, all you're going together, and he seems, what a fellowship. What a joy. Divine leaning on the everlasting arms." He said, "Now you're getting ready for the journey." See, you're ready to go into the promised land, the testing times. There's the danger ground, the wilderness, the testing times. Israel in her testing time. She got to quarreling and fussing with one another and loathing over the bread. And they wanted to go back to Egypt. See, and and now brother Brandon taught us that they began they started with complaining about the bread and the water and then they turned their complaint toward their leader. I'm not talking about me, but their leader was the Holy Ghost. Right? They begin to complain about their leader. He said, "Oh, they was afraid that he was leading them astray after he had showed himself to be a leader and God had proved that he was the leader." What do they have? A vindicated prophet. What do we have? A vindicated prophet led by the Holy Ghost in the hour that we live in. And yet people when they begin to get away, when their soul gets sick of mana, when the church gets sick of mana, it begins to complain about a prophet. They begin to look for all the errors and all the little inconsistencies and begin to point out all the things. Brother Brandham did this and did this wrong. He did that wrong and that wrong. Listen, I don't want to point out his errors. I realize he was a man. He was not God. We don't worship William Brandom, but we do know that God used that man in our day to be a prophet. Not just to be a prophet, to be be the seventh angel messenger to reveal Christ to us. He used him to do that. We should not complain about it. Amen. Come on, church. We didn't get to choose the seventh angel messenger. He wasn't in the hand of Benuit. And Ben Puit wasn't one of the ones in his hand, but the seven messengers were in his hand. Amen. Right there in Revelation. They were in his hand, in his right hand. They began to complain about their leader. Oh, they was afraid he was leading them astray after he had showed himself to be a leader. God had proved he was a leader. Well, maybe we've acted a little bit fanatically. Maybe we've got off on the wrong foot. They was chatting. Here they go again on the instant messages. Little I can't make that sound. There's that little sound. You know when it go off? Well, he said maybe we've acted a little bit fanatically. Maybe we got off on the wrong foot. Something like that. He said they was chatting against God and against Moses. God and his leader. And when we get to a place saying, "I don't know whether the word means this or not." So, we're not in love with it anymore. Yeah. So, we begin to question it. That's good. And and I don't know about the Holy Spirit. I'm a little bit skeptic of that. I know others that don't will go on to Egypt. But if you are really determined to stay on the road, are we determined this afternoon? I believe you are, or you wouldn't be here this afternoon. But if you're really determined to stay on the road, stay right with this leader, the Holy Spirit. Stay right with the word. And if you stay with the spirit, it'll keep you in the word. That's right. It'll take you right down along the path of the word. He said, "Don't be afraid of it. It won't hurt nothing. It'll just help you if you're hurt. Don't be afraid of the Holy Ghost. It'll heal all the hurts the Holy Spirit will." Oh my. You said, "Well, a little complaining never hurt nobody." Well, it sure hurt them. In fact, they got bit by snakes. Numbers 21. For they journeyed from Mount Hore by the way of the Red Sea to compass the land of Edom. And the soul of the people was much discouraged because of the way. And the people spake against God and against Moses. Wherefore have you brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? For there is no bread, neither is there any water. Our soul loathth this light bread. We are sick of it. And the Lord sent fiery serpents among the people. And they bit the people and much people of Israel died. Oh my. Now God doesn't want us to murmur among ourselves but to take our complaints to him. I've read this to you before, but James chapter 5 and verse 9 says, "Grudge not one against another, brethren. Grudge not." That word grudge means complain not lest you be condemned. Behold the judge standeth before the door. And numbers 11:4 it says the mixed multitude that was among them fell lusting. The children of Israel wept again and said who will give us flesh to eat? What' they do? Over and over they complained. They complained about God's provision. They complained about God's profit. They complained about everything. And that was an example for us not to complain. God help me today. I know preachers sometimes complain more than anybody. God help me not to be a complainer, but a preacher of divine promises. The preachers got up. Remember when they come to Kades Barnea, the preachers got up and complained about the land. And the people's souls begin to get weak and weary. And the people pretty soon everybody was complaining because the preacher started it. Come on, church. We don't need to complain. We we need to go make our complaints to God, not to the people. Oh, help me Lord. He said we they look what they said. We remember whenever a church gets in we remember stage. They need a revival. Let me pour some water on that. Yeah. Come on. You You ever walk by a plant and we got some plants at home that we didn't know when we put them in there. They got to be watered every day. And they're beautiful, big, beautiful flowers. I forget what they're called, but every day they have to have water. And if you don't give them water one day, that thing will wilt and look terrible. And as soon as you pour water on it, here it comes. And and we didn't realize that's a lot of work to water. You ever walk by somebody and say, "Well, they just need some water. I just wish I had the Holy Ghost in a cup. I just come pour it out." But he's here. You don't have to stay in a wilted condition. I don't have to stay in a wilted condition. He's here to help us. Is that what we're hearing today, church? I don't want to preach doom and gloom. I don't want to preach, well, the church is this, that, or the other. I want to say he's here to help us. He's a very present help in time of trouble. He's a rock in a weary land. Even when they complained, that rock still followed them. Did you know that the rock followed them? Everywhere they went, the rock followed them. When they were saying there was no water, the rock was still there. Hallelujah. Still gushing out water if they'd just drink from it. Amen. The rock followed them all through. And Christ is here with us. He said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you." Said he was the same yesterday, then forever. He's here. Let's just take advantage of his presence. Amen. He said, "We remember I do not believe a church should be built on history. Church should be built on the living God and the living word, not on what used to be, right?" And a church is entering a dangerous time, no matter how big it is or how small it is, when they begin to just everything's in the past. We remember Yes, sir. We remember what it used to be like. We remember the fish. Now, now if you eat this diet, you're going to have some bad breath. Listen to this. Fish, cucumbers, melons, leaks, onions. They must have really liked onions. And the garlic you talk about. But it was because it was in their memory. They didn't remember the slavery. They just remembered being happy. But it was momentary, right? It was just fleeting. It was just for a moment. And they were slaves again. Yeah. They'd give them some garlic and send them right back out in the mud pits. Give them some garlic and then beat them. Beat their children. Kill their children. Oh my. you realize what they were doing. But Satan had so the the spirit of complaint had so come among them that they began to think, "Well, we'd have been better off eating garlic, eating garlic." But now our soul is dried away. There is nothing at all beside this man before our eyes. Quotes, quotes, quotes. Is that all you have, preacher, is quotes? mana. Do we get tired? Yeah. Do we love the word for the sake of the word? Or do we love the word because the preacher is emotional? Come on. And I'm all for emotional preaching, but that's not what make ought to make us love the word. We should not just love the word because the preacher's moving around. We should not just love the word because we're in a big meeting and there's lots of people. The love for the word ought to be in our hearts. Lord, I want the word. I want to hear your word. Amen. They said, "We don't have nothing but quotes. Nothing but mana." Therefore, the people came to Moses's. Look what they did. Numbers 21:7. I'm jumping around, but I just want to get through this this afternoon, not take all day. But they said that and then they went through their troubles and finally the they got bit by serpents and the people came to Moses and said we have sinned. Brother said that's the first step on your road back for we have spoken against the Lord and again he prayed to the Lord that he take away the serpents from us and Moses prayed for the people and the Lord said to Moses make thee a fiery serpent and set it upon a pole. I'm sure there was some of them like we don't need no more serpents. Last last time Moses dealt with a serpent. He actually it actually a rod became a serpent. But now he's going to take a serpent of brass and put it on a pole. Says, "And it shall come to pass that everyone that is bitten when he lookth upon it shall live." Aren't you glad God always makes a way of escape? He always, though we complain, though we murmur, though we grudge against one another, yet he always has a way of escape, there's always an avenue of mercy. And Moses made a serpent of brass, put it on a pole, and it come to pass if a serpent had bitten any man. When he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived. The brass serpent, we know, was sin, judged. Jesus said in John 3:14, "As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." Oh my. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. He was the fulfillment of Isaiah's prophecy. When Isaiah said, "Look unto me all and beastly saved all the ends of the earth, for I am God and there is none else." Look and live. He was the bread of life. You remember, Brother Brandon, when he preaches a sermon, look, he uses the pool of Bethesda. And you remember in the pool of Bethesda, it was made up of five porches and then the pool and and there was a man waiting there. remember he'd been waiting there for years waiting to get to move into the water because every once in a while at a certain season they'd have a revival and and the angel would the angel would come and trouble the waters and the first one to get in got healed but you had to react quickly right to get down. I'm sure over the years they moved closer and closer trying to get a good spot, right? But for whatever reason he could never get in, but the B said he wasn't terminally ill. He maybe had a prostate condition or something like that, but he waited and he waited and he waited. He never could get healed. But one day he where that had been an avenue that God had used for healing, but one day the healer himself, right, came down right among them and walked through all those people. maybe 5 10,000 people laying around that pool waiting for the waters to be troubled. And here comes Jesus walking among them and he walks right by them. They don't even recognize him. They're waiting, watching for the water to move, not recognizing, right? Oh, it's a great type of this age. You realize he's here. But the brand said, "My message is to declare that he's here. You may not feel him, but he's here. You may not understand him, but he's here. How is he here in the person of the word? Here come the word." And walked right among them. And he come to that predestinate, that elected seed. Oh, I'm so glad he came to me. He come to that elected seed and he be to talk to him. Come on, man. And he said, "Do you want to be well?" "Look unto me, all ye ends of the earth." He said, "Do you want to be well?" That's what he said. "Do you want to be made whole?" And the man had to turn, look away from the pool, and look at the one who was the healer. Hallelujah. And when he looked at the healer, he said, "I want to be well, but I can't get into the pool." And Jesus said, he said, "If you believe, take up your bed and walk." Amen. Hallelujah. And he got up and walked away from that disappointing pool, never to be disappointed again. Why? The healer had come around. All right. Look at him. Oh, we look at we want to look at the church. We want to look at something else. We want to look at denominations or how big the church is or how small it is or what service it is. Don't look at that. Look at him. Yeah. And Jesus walked around that pool and he he talked to that man. That man had to change what he was looking at. But the brand said, "What are you looking at? What are you waiting for?" That's good. It's time. The waters are being troubled. He's here, right? It's time. The waters are being troubled. Move in now. The signs of the last time. It shall be light in the evening time. He said, you know, yes, it shall be. That's right. The path of glory you'll surely find. He said, what are you looking to church? All these last days. Oh, he's been right among us, people, and we forgot it. He sent right among us, and we didn't know it. He said, the Holy Spirit is here this morning, and maybe many will go away sick and forget it. Maybe many of the sick will forget to believe. Oh, don't forget to believe, church. You remembered to come to church. You remembered to sit in your favorite spot. You remembered to sing the songs, but don't forget to believe. So many forget to believe and anchor their faith right where it should be. Now, he said, "Truly, the pool is troubled. The waters are whirling backwards from the natural, showing the supernatural. The Holy Spirit is here taking a normal bunch of people, intelligent, sitting here, well-dressed, well educated. Oh, that's us looking. He said, "The Holy Spirit fall upon them." Something whirls them around. They holler, "Glory to God." Oh, I thought he was talking about us there for a minute. This well-dressed, well educated people, he said, "But they it turns them around, makes them holler, glory to God. Hallelujah. What's the matter?" The troubling of the water. Oh, the waters are being troubled. That's why we saw Sister Fritz here in the in the altar this morning. She may be 91 years old, but she can still feel the moving of the water. Oh, church. Oh, can you still recognize that he's here? Can you know that he's among you? Maybe he's not moving like he used to in the old denominational days in the great worldwide revivals, but he's right here among us. Brother Brenson said, "Sinners sitting there, backsliders, such were some of us, prostitutes, drunkards, and everything else are saintly and godly. You can't put a finger on their lives anywhere since they received it." What is it? The troubling of the waters. I want to challenge us today. Have we gotten sick of the mana? Huh? Maybe we complained, got bit. Look at the word. Look at the serpent, the sin, judge. Look at the word and live. Don't look at your trouble. Don't look at the complaint. Look at the word. Amen. Hallelujah. Elijah looked he looked for rain. Right in in a desert land. He was looking for rain. We got to be looking for it. Right? And the Bible says he saw a cloud the size of a man's hand. Right? Now, if you were out here in the desert, number one, it's hard to see a cloud the size of a man's hand. Number two, you would immediately discount it because you think, how much water could possibly come from a cloud the size of a man's hand? And the people look at it and says, you know, he could have looked at and said, "Well, that was a rocket that did that." You know, that was some kind of trick just of the imagination. He could have looked at and not believed what he saw. Yeah. But there's something about the prophet that he saw when he saw that cloud, he said, "That's rain." Yeah. Said, "There's rain coming." Hallelujah. He said, "I Hallelujah. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain. Glory to God. He saw a cloud the size of a man's head and said, "I see an abundance of rain." Oh, church, let it soak you today. A cloud. We seen a cloud. There's an abundance of rain. Just depends what you're looking at. He said, "The sound of the hand in the sky." He said, "The trouble of the water, the first little move, people jumped in." The sign of the hand of the sky. Elijah said, "That cloud the size of a man's hand like a vapor." What was it? He kept believing. I hear the sound of abundance of rain. That cloud become two clouds. Two clouds become a hill. A hill become a mountain. The mountain become another mountain. The first thing you know the whole skies were thundering. Rain was Paul. And what was it? He accepted what God sent. He said, "I see the serpent on a pole. I see God's provision. I see God's mercy. And I believe it's God's mercy for me today." When he did, it began to multiply. Oh, church. That's what we need. And so what we need by the herald is to recognize him in the simple form that he is in the word and say I believe he's he's a vindicated prophet. I believe he's the same yesterday, today and forever. I believe he came in our day in the form of the word and I'm believe because I believe that when I believe it my faith begins to multiply pretty soon there's an abundance of rain. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon said what was he accepted what God sent and this morning if this afternoon if that little thing has touched your heart just something says I need that he said that's a little sign the size of a hand of a man what do you do believe it I hear the sound of an abundance of rain I'm out of time I don't have time to get into into the next part of this, but where where's our love for the word? Come on. I know you still love the word, but I I just want to stir up that passion today. Yeah. Do we still love to hear it? Do we love to sit together in heavenly places? I don't want to ever get sick of it. He told the Pergam in church age, I believe it was. He said, he said, I to him that overcomemeth, I give to eat of the hidden mana. Yeah. The hidden mana. Like Jesus given a portion to the disciples to distribute to the crowd. Each messenger was given a portion. Yeah. But we were given the full portion. That's good. All the hidden mana. Yeah. Hallelujah. And I think the problem is I'm just going to let you off the hook here for a minute. Because I think the problem is the reason why we really don't appreciate the word the way we should is because of these bodies. Yeah. Because of this flesh. Yeah. That's great. It's just impossible for us to fully comprehend what's been revealed to us. That's good. We see him. We see parts of him. Remember when he told Moses, he said, "You can only see the hindered parts of God. We've seen him in his word." That's right. Come on. But remember what happened when he spoke directly to Israel? They said, "Oh, don't let God speak." But the Bible said, "That's why we don't see the pillar of fire very often because the people said, "Don't let God speak. Let Moses speak." and we we couldn't comprehend the direct voice of God. So God uses men. God used a prophet in our day and we just couldn't wrap our minds around it. We can't even fully appreciate in these bodies. But one day, glory to God. Brother Brandon said in every age, the messenger of the Lord to that age was given the revelation of God for that specific period. Once the message messenger was enlightened by truth, he'd bring that truth to the people. And they whose ears, how many ears have been opened today, he that has an ear, he said, they whose ears have been opened by the spirit would hear that truth, believe it and live it. Now then, he said, there's also the thought of the future partaking of the hidden man. He said, I think it will be the eternal partaking of the revelation of Jesus Christ in the eternal ages to come. How else could we begin to know the uncarchable riches of his own being? Oh my. See, if you don't love the word, how could you love heaven? Are you with me now? There's got to be something in there that loves the word. But what makes us grow weary, sick of the mana is his flesh. But one day we shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed. We'll never fall asleep hearing it again. We'll never have trouble keeping keeping our our minds on the right thing. The tempter will be gone. The accuser of the brethren be cast down. Oh, I'm looking forward to that day. Amen. Sometimes you sit and listen to the word and your body hurts, your mind hurts, you're worried about this, that or the other and you're sitting trying to listen to the word and let the devil brings everything he can. But if you'll persevere, if you'll keep doing what you're doing, remember there's coming a day when you can fully partake of the word. He said, "Well, I don't understand it like I should." There's coming a day when we'll know as we are known. Hallelujah. He said, "All that we have longed to know." I know there's questions that I have, I'd like to know, but I believe what's been revealed. But he said, "All that we have longed to know, all our unanswered questions, all that will be revealed." That's good. It will Hallelujah. It will be from Christ who is our life that we receive it. That's good. Praise the Lord. Oh my. He said, "Oh, sometimes we think we get to know a little of him and his word down here. It's like going and picking up the mana. We get just a portion and it's so good. It makes us rejoice." Oh, it ought to church. But one day, oh, I'm looking forward to that day, church. I want to end this day on an encouraging note because I know we're human beings. I know sometimes we grumble and sometimes we complain. Sometimes we find ourselves in a desert condition. But there's always mercy. There's always a brass serpent. There's always a way out. There's always a place provided for healing. There's always a place. Why? God knew that we were human. He knew we needed a savior. He knew we needed a redeemer. But he didn't just come to save our soul. One day he's going to change our bodies. And we'll know as we are known. Makes us rejoice one day when our flesh changes. that word and he will become what we have never dreamed possible. That's good. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That little thirst that you have, that little part of you as a musicians come, that little part of you that just loves him, loves his name, loves his word. Can we sing that? What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. that part of of you that just loves him of everything that you've got, that'll be all of you. That'll be it'll be you in your right body, you in your right mind, you with no pain. Yeah. You said, "Now I want to feed. I want to feed." But he loves us so much that he gives us handfuls on purpose portions of the fullness of the word that's been revealed in our age to each of us. He just gives us a little bit on Sunday morning, a little bit on Sunday night, a little bit on Wednesday, little bit when we listen to a tape, a little bit when we listen to a sermon, a little bit when we read a book or read our Bibles. It makes me hungry for more. I want more. I don't want less of it. I don't want it to become common to me when it's laying all over the ground. Lord, help me to never get sick of it. See, if you truly love what you're eating, you'll never get sick of it. While you're in love with it, if you truly love your spouse, you don't ever get sick of them. They could be old and you're old and you could both be in the in the end of your life. Maybe married 60, 70 years, but there's something about you still want to spend time together. Why you don't get sick of them? Why? There's love there. There's love there. Oh, church, let that be us in the house of God. There would be love in the house of God. Peace, joy, strength. We wouldn't just come for what we want, but Lord, feed me your word. Feed me your word. Lord, I want to hear it. I want to partake of it. I'll get up if I need to. I I'll arrange my schedule to make sure that I'm ready to hear the word. I'll do whatever it takes to be diligent to the house of God. I want the hidden mana of God. Lord, help me to appreciate it. Hallelujah. When we went to Egypt, those Pentecostal churches had never heard about a message and was so thrilled to see them passing out the revelation of Jesus Christ. I wonder how of Jesus Christ. I wonder how long it's been since you've read that. The revelation of Jesus Christ is a part of the church age book, but it was printed as a separate booklet. You remember back in the day we read it? Wonder how long it's been since we read our church age book. We spent thousands of dollars, printing books. This church did that. We did that in Egypt and into their language, translating painstakingly doing the best we could with the resources we had to translate that into Arabic. And then we're in Pentecostal churches. One of them was a church we had to go on by ferry to get there. There's no roads there. We're at a church in the middle of the Nile River in Egypt. Maybe Moses floated by, you know, a church right there in the middle of the Nile River and and and the people were so hungry getting their first copy of a book. And it occurred to me, Brother David, that some of us haven't read, maybe never presented to our children, the same book that we spent thousands of dollars to send overseas. I say, "Church, let's get hungry for [Music] it. Let's call out for it. Let's I know the world gets in the way and we got time and to do everything else, but we just never have time." I say, "God, help me to be hungry. I want to see it. I want to hear it. I want to be a part of it. I want to feed on the mana." Would you bow your heads with me? Maybe we preach today about the the spirit and how we need it, about the word and how we need it. Maybe there's somebody just that hunger is not there like it used to be. I say God my heart's with them right now. We got brothers and sisters in Nepal, a brand new country to this message just a few years a brother in New Zealand's been working with them just a few people in the world and somehow my that guy got my email and he began to email me and I began to email him back and there's four churches there in Nepal at the foot of Mount Everest and they're so hungry to get the word in their language. Oh God, help us. We got all of it. We got all of it. What are we doing with it, church? I believe we ought to do our part to help overseas. But I want my children to know the benefits of feeding on the mana. I want them to know. I don't want them ever get sick of it. We've been given hidden mana in our age. Let's appreciate it. And if you've not, there's mercy. There's grace. There there's a brass serpent. Sin was judged for you so you could come back into fellowship again. And the welcome mat's been rolled out so you can walk through the door. Come back into fellowship again. Oh, I want the hidden mana of God. Oh God, I want your name. I want your your voice. I want your spirit. I want you. I want your word. I pray God that you would help me. Lord, help me not to get accustomed to it where it just becomes another voice in a in a whole bunch of different voices. Open the heart. Let me hear the voice of the shepherd. Not the voice of a man, but God speaking through men. And God speaking through a messenger at our hour. God speaking through the prophets in the Bible. Oh, let me hear it, Lord. Let me read your word. Let me be a part of your word. Let me feed on the hidden mana. It's been revealed in our generation. Help me, Lord. Stir me up, God. Help me. Let's see a lack in the message as we focus inward and we begin to look at our own things and care for our own things. But what about those who've never heard? I pray God you'd help us. Forgive us, Lord. Help me, Lord, as a pastor. I want to present such a beautiful picture of this message, what it can do for a life that people would be drawn to it and want to come. Grant it Lord. Grant it Lord. realizing that every action we take, God, when we get sticky and thorny, we our nature gets prickly. It keeps people away. Oh, I don't want to be like that, Lord. Let the rain [Music] come. Let your name be glorified. Let there be worship in this place. May we appreciate the mana that we've been given. We pray and we ask it in Jesus name. Hallelujah. name it is the name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. Oh, nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Oh yes you were the word in the beginning. Oh, one with God the Lord most high. Oh, can you just close your eyes and raise your hands to him now? Your hidden glory creation. Oh, now reveal him. You are Christ. What a beautiful name it is. Oh yeah. What a beautiful name it is. The altar's open if you need to pray tonight. Oh, you believe his name is beautiful. Do you love him? Christ my king. Oh, what a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Oh, you didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. Oh, I'm so glad you did, Lord. Oh, my sin was great. Your love was greater. Oh, whatever us. Oh, what a powerful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. Hallelujah. The name of Jesus Christ, my worshiping church. What a wonderful name it is. Oh, nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. the name of Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Oh, you wouldn't want heaven without us. Oh, so Jesus, you brought heaven. Oh, I'm so glad you did, Lord. Oh, my sin was greater. Your love was gater. Oh, what could a sound? Oh, what a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. Can we stand together? The name of Jesus Christ my king. Oh yes. Oh what a wonderful name it is. Oh nothing compares to this. If you just want to come pray. Hey, come on church. We might as well. We might as well have the rain. We might as well love the word. Oh church. Oh he there. He has no equal. He has no right. Oh now and forever our God reigns. Oh yours is the kingom. Oh yours is the glory. Oh, yours is the name above all name. Oh, what a wonderful name. Oh, sing it to me. What a wonderful name. Oh, he is the name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. It's the name of Jesus. Let's just let's just have a time of prayer as they continue to play. Let's just let's just talk to him. If you want to come and pray here, I'm going to pray here with these. If you want to pray where you're at, but you just call out to him. Lord, I need the rain. When I'm in a desert, I need the rain. I I want to appreciate your word, Lord. This desert has gotten really dry. I need you, Lord. I want you to move. I want to worship you with all of my heart. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord God, we come before you today and we ask you Lord to move Lord in our church. Oh God, we ask you to move among us Lord. We ask you to come God. Break every barrier, break every sin, oh God. break through every situation, Lord. Everything that would come between us and you, Lord, we want you, oh God. I need you, Lord. I need your presence. I need your power. I need your love. I need your blood to cover me, Lord. Every day, God, I need you, Lord. I repent, oh God, of this desert condition, Lord. I want to be like you. I want to be one with you, oh God. I pray you grant it, Lord. Oh Jesus, I pray that you'd help me, Lord God. I pray you'd help, Lord, these that are praying. Lord, you know the situations of their heart. You know every circumstance of their life, Lord. You know what they're going through, Lord. You know the valleys and the deserts, but oh God. Lord, you brought it through for a testing time. Lord, I'm believing and trusting you, Lord, that you'll bring them through all the way. Oh Lord, we love you today. We thank you, oh God. We thank you for renewal. We thank you for revival, Lord. We thank you, Lord, that when we can't make it on our own, you make it for us. You make a way, oh God. Thank you for a brass serpent. Thank you for rock. Thank you, Lord, for a place of mercy. Thank you for something we can go to. Thank you that our sin has been judged, oh God. We worship you today. We thank you. We surrender ourselves to you, Lord. We surrender our hearts to you, oh God. Make turn this desert into a into a beautiful valley, oh God. A beautiful place where the fruits can be grown. Grant it Lord God we pray. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh we love you Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. What God? Hallelujah Jesus we thank you. Oh Jesus we love you. Oh we love you Lord [Music] Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus I love you today. I love you Lord. I thank you. I worship you Lord. Cleanse us. Oh God, make us worshippers, Lord. Put it higher in our hearts, Lord, to come to the house of God with expectations, ready Lord God. Lord, I pray you bless these mothers, Lord, or to wrestle with their children, Lord, to see sometimes it's fruitless, but Lord, we know that you got it under your control. You gave them that test and that trial for a reason, Lord. Help them to persevere, to overcome. Oh God. Lord, I pray you'd heal their bodies. Pray you'd strengthen their minds, Lord, to raising the next generation with the most important job in the world. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. Oh, Jesus. I pray for our elders today. I pray you'd strengthen them, Lord. I pray you'd heal their bodies, oh God, how we need you. Our older folks need you, Lord. And we need our older folks, Lord. And they need you. So we ask you to come today. Heal them, Lord. Oh Jesus. I know some of them it's hard even to sit in the service. I pray you'd heal. Oh Lord, bring strength to their bodies. We pray. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, we love you. Hallelujah. Bless our young people, Lord Jesus. Oh, as they go to camp, Lord, Lord, I pray the spirit of God would meet him there. As these devils of sickness are trying to keep them from it, keep them out of the house. And God, I pray you'd defeat every enemy. Lord, we know he's already been defeated. But Lord, may the symptoms go away and they be able to go. I pray you'd help them, Lord. May Satan lose his grip. May they may they receive you, Lord. May they worship you with all of their heart. Granted, Lord Jesus. Oh, we love you today. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, Jesus. I believe he's here today. You just worship and tell him, "I love you, Lord. I love you with all my heart, all my soul, with all my mind, with all my all my strength. Your name is beautiful, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I love you. Oh, because Sing it to him now. Love me. Oh, yes. Oh, and can we just raise our hands to all the sanctuary? Oh, I love you, Lord. [Music] All [Music] together. Oh, that sounds so good. Hallelujah. Oh, yes. I love him. Oh, I love him. Oh, because he first hallelujah loved me. Oh, he's so rich today. Oh, and Jesus my salvation. Oh, thank you once. [Music] I was listening to a tape yesterday and I heard brother Brandham talk to a young man or young woman that had just come out a child and come to the altar. He said before they even he said the Lord did it for you. He said you were saved when you started. So when you when you left your seat you got saved. I believe today you got what you needed when you left your seat. What is it? A surrender. Some of you when you lifted your hands that was enough. God said okay. He loves you, church. You said, "Look, look and live." Oh, let's take it seriously, church. Let's love him with all of our hearts. Hallelujah. I I could just do this all day, but we won't do that to you. But we love you with all of our hearts. Sing it again. Oh, sing. I love him. [Music] Oh, why I love you. Oh, because he first love me. Hallelujah. Oh, and just my salvation. [Applause] [Music] Oh, remember this in your hearts. One day when our flesh changes, that word and he will become more than we had what we had ever dreamed possible. Oh, just let me push through the veil a little bit on this side to just catch a glimpse of it. Brother said, "If you can see past the veil of your flesh, you'd see angels at their position at every pew." Let's become conscious of it, church, conscious of his presence. Worship him like that. Come with expectation, believing God is going to take care of us. I don't want to dismiss him with his beautiful spirit, but we'll let you go. If you need to go, if you want to stay in worship, that's fine. God bless you. We love you. Oh, singing. I love you. I'll sing it out with all of your heart as you go. I I love him. All because Thank you, Lord. He first love me. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, [Music] and just my [Applause] [Music] salvation [Music] for me. How great is our [Music] God? How great is life? And how great
