################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-27 - Bro Joel Pruitt Wednesday Night 3-26-25 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-27
Title:   Bro Joel Pruitt Wednesday Night 3-26-25
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gej4PJTnjP0
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Hey. [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh Lord, I give you Amen. Let's stand together and sing thanks to him. Well, we want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. Well, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. We're singing thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks. for all you [Music] done. I am so blessed. My soul has smiled rest. Amen. One more time to where we're going to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh, Lord, I give you thanks. Amen. Amen. And when I think of the goodness of Jesus, well, and all he has done for me, I know my soul cries out, hallelujah. Well, praise God for saving me. When I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all he has done for me. Oh, my soul cries out, hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Now when I think of the goodness of Jesus, oh and all he has done for me. Well then my soul cries out hallelujah. Well praise God for save. Sing it to him one more time. Now when I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all he has done for me. Well, my soul cries out, hallelujah. Well, praise God for saving me. Amen. Amen. Let's sing to him tonight. Come and die. The master calleth. Amen. Well, Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people coming down now with his man a he and supplies our every need. Oh sweet up with Jesus all the time. Well come and die the master call it come and die. Oh you may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine to the hungry calling now. Come and die. The disciples came to the land. Thus obeyed Christ's command. For the master called to them, come and die. There they found their heart's desire. Bread and fish on the fire. He satisfies the hungry every time. Well, coming down the master call and coming down. Will you make feast at Jesus table all the time? You fed the multitudes. Turn the water into wine. The holy cra. The lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble me. Now it will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless in with Jesus we will feast eternally. Come and die. The master callth. Come and die. Oh, you made feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitudes turned the water into wine. Amen. Amen. Do that first verse again. Oh Jesus has the table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and dine. Now with his man, he defeated and supplies our revenue. Lord, he sweeps us up with Jesus all the [Music] time. Come and die. The master call is coming and die. Now you make me Jesus all time. He f the multitude turn the water into one. the hungry golden man coming down. Amen. Amen. Let's add in that when we all get to heaven. Brother Robert, I think it's came seek C key of C. Same key. When we all get to heaven, let's go ahead and add that in. We don't have a special this evening. So, Amen. We'll sing the wondous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in those manions bright. You prepare for us a place when we all get to the day of [Music] reje and shout victory. Now while we walk the wheels and away clouds will straight the sky. But when our traveling days are over, not a shadow side. We all get to the day of your sing. We will sing and shout victory. So let us be true. Trusting and serving every day. For just one place of healing glory will the toes of life when we all get to. What a day of [Music] reje victory. So it's onward to the Christ. Soon his beauty will be. will see those worthy Now the [Music] street on the day of rejoicing [Music] Jesus plays [Music] tonight. Onward to the prize. will it onward to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will be and soon those worthy gates will fall. We shall tread the streets of gold. [Music] What a day I'm rejoicing that we see Jesus. Sing that. Have our brothers come with the offering tonight. Oh, we all get to him. What a day of rejoicing. We all see Jesus. We will sing. We'll shout the victory. Amen. Give him hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just welcome everyone out to the house of the Lord. Amen. Brother Joel will be speaking uh for us this evening. So, we're just looking forward to that. Brother Ben not feeling well again tonight. So, but he is here with us. So, just looking forward to the word of the Lord this evening. what God has in store for us. Want to remind everyone uh one service Sunday. One service Sunday. So, uh uh the kids will be still at Oklahoma camp and coming back from that. So, just remember that next Sunday. Amen. Maybe take your wife out for a good supper, good lunch, and uh let her have a break for Sunday. Amen. Amen. So, we're just looking forward to that. Amen. We're uh Brother Allan is sick tonight. He's home with flu-l like symptoms. want to remember him in prayer. Lord, just touch his body. And uh Sister Carla said Elias and Amanda are both doing better. So thanks for prayers. Today's pretty sick and Elias had to have some IV. So just thank the Lord touching their bodies. Also said sister Britney says, "Please pray for Elena Perty. Her dad passed away suddenly this week. So we want to remember her." Amen. Just real sudden deal there, heart attack. So just keep her in prayer. Also, uh, Sister Cle, uh, needs prayer for healing. So, let's just keep her in prayer. Amen. Our elders among us, the Lord knows their needs tonight. Amen. I think that's all you have. Anyone have a need on their heart by the uplifted hand? Amen. Well, brother Hart, take these for us tonight. Heavenly Father, we come to you this evening, Father, thanking you for another day that you've given us, for health and strength that we do have, Lord, to be able to come to the house of the Lord. Father, I pray you'd just deal with your people tonight. Lord, I pray you'd open our hearts to receive the word as it comes forth. Father, I pray the word would bring healing and strength to our bodies. Father, I pray that the requests that were mentioned, Lord, I pray you just move in a special way. Brother Allen, Father, I pray you just give him a touch. Lord, Sister Cletus, you know her to need her need. And I pray, Lord, you give her the desire of her heart, Father. Those that are sick and couldn't be here tonight, Father, just be with them. I pray you'd be with those as they go to camp, Father, to lead and guide and keep them safe, Father. Father, I pray you'd give them an outpouring of thy Holy Spirit, Lord. And we just pray you'd bless this service tonight. Be with the speaker. Pray you bless this tithe and offering. May it be used for your glory and honor. We give you praise in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated this evening if you'd like. Let's sing this to him. Amen. You glad you're his tonight. So glad I'm [Music] yours. I'm so glad. Amen. Let's tell him tonight now. Maybe lift your hand to him this evening. Singing so glad I'm yours. I'm so glad I'm yours. So glad your mercies have followed me. I'm so glad you found me and you set me [Music] free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad. Tell him amen. Let's sing it to him tonight now. So glad I'm yours, Lord. I'm so glad I'm [Music] yours. So glad your mercies have followed me. [Music] I'm so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. Amen. So think about his love. Let's sing that same key. Amen. Oh, think about his [Music] love. Oh, just think about his goodness. Oh, think about his grace that has brought us. Oh, for as high as the heavens above. Oh, so great is the measure of our Father's love. Amen. Oh, we're singing. Great is the measure of our father's home. Sing it to him tonight now. Oh, think about his [Music] love. Oh, just think about his [Music] goodness. Oh, think about his grace. that has brought us [Music] to as high as the heavens [Music] above. So great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Oh, his love. We're singing great submission. Sing it to him one more time now. Amen. Think about his love as you sing it. Oh, think about his [Music] love. Oh, now think about his goodness. Oh, think about his grace that has brought us through. For as high as the heavens above. Oh, so great of our father's [Music] love. Oh, we're sing great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. Amen. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Appreciate your love to us tonight. Amen. We don't have a special this evening. Let's do uh lift your name. Let's try to do that tonight. This will just be our special to him. Amen. This evening. Oh Lord, my heart can grow so far away. Amen. Sing it from your heart tonight. For me, your love is still the same. [Music] Oh now Lord I bend my knee. Tell him tonight. Oh in awe in fear of thee. My head bowed down in reence to your name. [Music] Oh, I lift your [Music] name. It's your holy name. Jehovah God. Oh, you're the great I am. Oh my lord. You're my [Music] comfort and my king. Amen. Make this our prayer tonight. Oh Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with spirit fire. My purpose is to worship you alone. [Music] Oh now my soul just to worship and adore bring to your [Music] throne and I lift Your name your [Music] holy name and your holy God. Oh, you're the great I am. You're the reason. You're my comforter. Amen. Let's do that first verse again. Let's stand together now and sing sing that first verse again. Amen. So true. Oh Lord, my heart can grow so far away. And yet for me your love is still the same. [Music] Now Lord, I be my in fear of thee. My head bowed down in worship to your name. Tell him now. Oh, I lift your name. Oh, your [Music] holy name Jehovah God my great I am. Oh, that ris lamb. Amen. Amen. Sing that chorus to him one more time. That sounds good tonight. Amen. Tell him this evening. And my king, I lift your name. Oh, now I lift your name. It's your holy [Music] name my [Music] Jehovah God. Now you're the great I am. Amen. Amen. Amen. Is that he's all of that and more tonight. Amen. Oh, he's my comfort and my king. Give him one more hand of praise tonight. Amen. He's worthy of our praise this evening. Amen. Amen. We invite brother Joel to come. Brother Ben's going to speak to us a minute, I think, as he comes. Let's sing this. Are we Are we here to worship tonight? Amen. Let's pull from our brother this evening as he speaks the word of the Lord. Amen. Let's worship as the word goes forth. Amen. Oh, here I am again. Tell him tonight. Oh, and it's just to worship you. Oh, to lift up holy hands in spirit and in truth. We're singing yesterday today. Amen. Amen. Amen. Forever. Amen. Amen. What a day that will be. Amen. Tell him tonight. Now, here I am again. [Music] It is just to worship you. Here I am just to worship you. Oh to lift up holy hands. Oh yes, in spirit and in truth. Oh yesterday, today, oh forever I will praise your holy name. Here I am again. [Music] Oh yes. Just to worship you. Amen. Aren't you glad to be able to worship him tonight and lift up holy hands in spirit and in truth. I asked Brother Joel to preach for us tonight. I I've been under the weather to put it mildly and uh I can't hardly talk and me and brother Harvey I think is about in the same condition. But anyway, we're here tonight and and we just want to worship the Lord and but uh just uh it's that time of year, isn't it? People get sick. I know brother Allen's not feeling well and different ones, but we're just believing the Lord's going to lift all of this and uh we got kids going to camp and I'm going to go tomorrow. I may ride my own vehicle so I don't make anybody sick, but I'm going to go and and uh but we're going to take the kids tomorrow. You be praying for them. Would you do that? and and uh anytime we take all the kids, I know some of you all are going and and we're looking forward to having that time, but they're we're going to have so tonight they'll have six more services before the end of the week. So, uh so starting that'll be seven services in a row. So, you'll either come out revived or dead tired or both. So, but uh and then the drive and everything, but there's something about that that disarms you, you know, going to camp and it just kind of you lower your guard and you learn uh there's other Christians out there and people that love the Lord and serve the Lord. And I believe it'll be a help to each one of them. And I know uh Sister Melennia didn't feel well tonight, but Gabe, it's good to see she's she's here with the baby. I think we got the nursery audio fixed, so that'll be good. And uh we uh we sure appreciate all of you coming. Um I just wanted you to be praying for the young people. And I I still can't hear myself up here. I'm not sure. Um maybe my ears all stopped up, but you think it's my ears? All right. All right. It may be I feel like I'm in a well, but I think that must be the must be my uh way I feel tonight. But I believe the Lord's a healer. How many believe that tonight? If he saved you, he can heal you. He loves you. And uh we we may not always be well in this body, but we're going for a new one one of these days. I shared a clip today, but the biscal preaching, and he said, "The voice, the resurrection's already been spoken." And that really struck my heart. I thought, "We're going to walk through here one of these days and and just going to happen cuz it's already been spoken. It's already been set in order. And and one of these days, we're just going to start seeing our loved ones." What if today could be that day? What if tomorrow will be the real youth camp? We'd all get together and boy, I'm looking forward to that day. Amen. I just feel the presence of the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing uh uh uh only believe as brother Joel gets ready to come. And let's just make that our our prayer and our statement tonight. We're going to believe the word and believe that God's going to uh help us in these things. only believe. Oh, all things are possible if you only believe. [Music] Oh, all things are possible, holy. Can we sing it like this? Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Yes, we do. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are [Music] possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Oh Lord, I wonder if we could sing it like this. Jesus is here. Oh Jesus, you believe he's here tonight. Oh [Music] Jesus is here and all things are possible because Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible, Jesus. Amen. If you believe it, I wonder if we could just bow our heads together as they play that quietly. And if you have a need on your heart tonight, I wonder if we could just make that known by another lifted hand. Amen. Just want to especially remember our all of our young people going to camp. And I'm believing for a total deliverance for every one of them. How about y'all tonight, man? Let's just unite our faith together if we could for a few moments just to speak to the author. Heavenly Father, Lord, we want to thank you Lord for this opportunity to stand before your people. But Lord, we want to come tonight not just to have another service, but Lord, we want you to be present. Lord, we believe that all things are possible because you promised that where two or three were gathered, you would be here. And Lord, we believe if you're here, then we're going to worship you and we're going to listen to what you have to say for us tonight. Lord, I pray that everything would be laid aside that would stand in our way of a blessing here tonight in the church. And I ask, Lord, that you would just move on the scene for every young person, every old person, Lord, every person that couldn't make it tonight, if they're watching, I pray, Lord, you would heal their bodies, Lord, where they're sitting even right now, move upon us, we ask in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Are you happy to be in church tonight? Amen. God bless you. Good to see each and every one of you again. and uh come back here where it's nice and humid and everybody's sick and like Lord, I want to go back to Arizona. It was hot out there though after I left. They said it was 103 and uh that's just too hot for this time of year. But uh good to be back with you tonight. How many's going to youth camp for the first time? How many's going for the first time ever to youth camp? All right, we got a few. We got a few. That's good. Amen. Brother Ben said you're going to be wore out. I guarantee you will be. But you know what? I I think you're going to be blessed as well. So, we want to just be praying for them while they're gone and and uh we'll be leaving out tomorrow. So, pray for me. I think I've got all the young ones going to be with me. So, pray for me. How about that? Y'all need it. Amen. If you got your Bibles tonight, let's turn to Exodus chapter 23. Exodus chapter 23. We'll begin with verse 20. Exodus 23 and verse 20. Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into a place which I have prepared. Beware of him and obey his voice, provoke him not, for he will not pardon your transgressions, for my name is in him. But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak, then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries. For mine angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, the Jebusites, and I will cut them off. And in 2 Samuel chapter 22, 2 Samuel chapter 22 and verse 1, it says like this. And David spake unto the Lord the words of this song in in the day that the Lord had delivered him out of the hand of all of his enemies and out of the hand of Saul. And he said, "The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer." Somebody say amen to that. Amen. The God of my rock, in him will I trust. He is my shield and the horn of my salvation, my high tower, my refuge, my savior. Thou saveest me from violence. I will call on the Lord who is worthy to be praised. So shall I be saved from mine enemies. May the Lord add his blessings to the word. You may be seated. If I could title this thought tonight, be a total deliverance by a complete surrender. How many wants to surrender everything here tonight? I know a lot of times we all want a deliverance and we all want to overcome. We want a victory in our lives. How many of us need a victory in our lives? Amen. We all want that. But what we really have to do before there can come a victory, we've got to surrender our own way of thinking or our own ideas in order to get the deliverance that we need. And so when I was thinking about our kids going to youth camp, I thought, you know, it it's good to go and we want them to go. We want them to experience the freedom and the Holy Ghost. And and we want them to be delivered from anything that's holding them back from their full potential as Christians, but what we really need to make sure that they know is this, that there's got to be a surrendered heart. And there's got to be something on the inside to where they're they're not holding on to to things that maybe would be clouding a cloud over them that would try to hold them from keep them from getting the Holy Ghost or keep them from becoming better Christians. Amen. There's many kids maybe they go to camp one year and then they come back home and they get in an atmosphere, amen, that holds them back because they're because there's a there there's a parent at home maybe that needs to surrender their their way of doing things or their thinking. So what I would like to say tonight just for a few moments is we need to have a complete surrender here in this service so that our young people can have a complete and a total deliverance at camp this weekend. Amen. It's not just another camp. It's not just another meeting, but it needs to be a time for a change in our young people's lives. And and I believe it starts with us that's been, you know, we've been to camps and we've we've been filled with the Holy Ghost, but I think we need to surrender ourselves so that when our kids come home, we can really give in and give, you know, give give our lives to the Lord and let our kids see that we mean business with God. And Amen. We're not just playing church, but we're here to live out what we're talking about, to live what we're preaching, live what we're saying. Amen. And live the message of the hour. I believe somebody will. I believe it needs to be us. And so, Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "If a person completely surrendered to the devil will give him twice his strength, what will a man completely surrender to God do?" Well, think about it tonight, church. He said, "See, it'll make you so weak and maybe you're crippled and can't stand up, but surrender yourself to God and a new life and new strength comes in." And he said, "You go to walk it away." face that I seen a little people when their little limbs was wasn't wasn't hardly that big grown men and women eat up with cancer rise to the floor they hadn't stood up for months and so weak they couldn't have stood up or anything else but he said under the power of God get up and walk through the house praising God and get well he said what is it full surrender to God and that's what it takes is a complete surrender so if you need healing tonight you've got to surrender your own unbelief and and say I'm ready to take my healing tonight amen so Brother Bam would go on. He said, "Did you ever see a man that had been stricken by an evil spirit like that? He is several times his strength." He said, "I've noticed him in the meetings when groups of police couldn't even hold them, they would tear the police to pieces and throw them aside." He said, "Because he's so he" He said, "And and carry on." He said, "Because he so fully surrendered to the evil one. It took possession of him and he had not his own understanding." He said, "Now he only did what the evil spirit put on him to do." He said, "Then I thought," he said, brother Random's talking. And he said, "I thought with a complete surrender to the devil can give a man maybe five times his strength, what would a complete surrender to God do to a man? And what would it do to a that's weak in body and can't walk or something if we would just completely yield to the Holy Ghost? Give us super strength to rise in the name cuz greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world." See, the strength in God that's in you is greater than any affliction that can come on you. He said there is nothing can overtake you that can supersede you because you are full of superpower. Well, can you say amen? He said you are full of superpower and that superpower is the Holy Spirit that dominates your life if you are a Christian. So you are dominated by the very life of Christ that is in you. Amen. Just think about how strong you are little bride. Amen. You have the same strength that Christ had. Amen. to defeat devils and to raise up the the the sick and and the halt and the maim and and think about he could raise the dead. The same strength that did that through his body is now doing it through a bride body today. Well, can you say amen? Amen. There's no reason for us to be defeated and and downtrodden and thinking that we're nobody because if his spirit is in you, amen, you are more than a match for whatever the devil's got for you. Can you say amen? Why? Because we've surrendered ourselves. And when there's surrendering that comes then then there there is a there is a deliverance that comes with it. And so brother Brandon would say it like this. He said just Abraham he said watch here. Abraham was an heir to the world and Lot was a type of the lukewarm believer. He was a believer. He had left his homeland to sojourn with God but always never fully surrendered. And he said that's what's the trouble in the full gospel church tonight along with the rest of them is the peoples who left the world and and they keep out of the world. They don't they don't want to go to gambling and drinking and carry on. They are a believer but have never made a complete surrender. So, brother Brandham is saying here you could have left aside the gambling and you may have laid aside uh you know drinking or maybe even dressing like the world. Amen. But you haven't made a complete surrender because there's a little room in your house that you don't want him to go into because in there was secret sins and and things that you're hiding and you don't want the you don't want anybody to see those things about you. What can you say? Amen. Amen. You, Brother Brandon would say it like this. You're welcome to come into my house and but don't come past the front door. You just stay right there. Don't come into this room and don't come into that room. And Jesus will do. He'll come wherever you invite him. But I want him to come in every room of my house, every every inch of my vessel. And I want him to change my life. I don't want to surrender just sometimes to him or just Sunday morning to him or just Wednesday nights to him, but I want to surrender every day of my life to him and let him take control because I need deliverance in my life and I need changes in my life. And listen church, I can't do it on my own. I've got to surrender my will and my wants to his way and he can deliver me out of every circumstance and every everything that would come against me. Brother Brand would go on to say it like this. Are you still with me tonight? Brother Brandon would say like this. He said he said, "There's a lot of you that will say, "Well, I'll give 15 minutes on Sunday morning, but if you preach any longer than that, I'll just I'll get up and go home." Well, he said, "You got 15 minutes on Sunday morning." And that's what you give to God. Some of them said, "I can maybe suffer a half hour. I don't know how I can do it." Well, see, that's what you get. 15 minutes, a half hour. See, what can you give? God will receive what you will give. But God wants all of you. He wants every bit of you. He wants all. He wants everything you are. He wants your life. He wants your testimony. He wants every minute you live. He wants you to live right, act right, talk right, do right. He wants everything perfectly surrendered to him that he can lead you and guide you and put you into places where he wants you to go led of the spirit. Amen. So, if you're leading yourself and you're not following the word of God, listen church, then you're bound to mess up somewhere. But if we can surrender our life and say whatever he wants for me, that's what I'm willing to give him. Amen. I'm not just want Come on, somebody. Amen. The reason you're here on a Wednesday night is because you you you decided that you would surrender your time on a Wednesday night to him instead of whatever else you could be doing. Amen. The reason you show up at church, why? Listen, church, I know some sick and some can't make it, but there's a desire in a Christian that wants to give their time to the Lord. Amen. There's a desire in our hearts that says, "Lord, I want to fellowship with believers and I want to give you my time." Listen, everything you can give him would never be enough for what he's already given you. Everything, every bit of praise you could give him is not enough for the praise that he's worthy of. Can you say amen? He's worthy of everything. So, I think if we're just giving him a little bit, we're robbing God. I think it's time we give him everything that we've got. You say, "I need deliverance in my life. I need a I need a deliverance from this spirit that's holding me back. Or I need a deliverance of this that Come on, somebody. You young people, you're you're dealing with things that are trying to keep you from your full surrendered life. Listen, if you'll give it to God, then God will deliver you from that thing. I believe tonight we need to give him our time. Give him our resources. Give him everything we can and let God take control of it. He can multiply if you need multiplying. Amen. He can give you the very desires of your heart. Amen. If you got sickness tonight, give it to God because why? He is the healer. Amen. If you're in a backsliding condition tonight, give that to God and he can bring you back into life and fellowship with him. Amen. I think what we need tonight before youth camp ever gets started is a full surrender and say, "Lord, I want you to come and fill every young person, every old person, every parent's home. When the kids come home, I want to see a house on fire so that my kids aren't coming home to some dead cold place to to say, "Well, well, it was good at camp, but it ain't good at home." No, I want my house, Amen. to feel like camp. Why? Because I want the devil to know that he can't have our young people. I want the devil to know that he can't rob me of God's time. I want the devil to know whose side I'm on. Why? because I'm I'm surrendering my wants and my my will to him so that I can be delivered. Amen. I think we all need a deliverance at times because you'll realize there's an age that we're living in and it's an age of leosia and a lukewarm condition and I would say God don't ever let me fall into that situation. Amen. I don't want to be rich and have need of nothing but I want to be a church that's on fire for God that when the word is preached across the pulpit I can say amen to it. When the word comes into my heart and and if it comes into a room and maybe it hurts me a little bit because it was something that I was hiding, but the word discerned your thought. It discerned that thought that was in your heart and maybe you didn't want the word to get there, but it found its way anyway. Let me go ahead and tell you something. That is what we need tonight is let the word go to work in our lives and it will deliver us from our sickness and our diseases. I'm not just talking naturally, but I'm talking our spiritual diseases and our spiritual weaknesses and our spir Come on, somebody. That brother Brandham would say it like this, the body of Christ is the sickest body. I know. I would say tonight if it is that way, then then we need deliverance from the sickness and we need deliverance from the gloom and doom. Well, can you say amen tonight? I know it's Wednesday night, but we might as well go ahead and have a good time in the house of God. Why? Because this is a place where God has chosen to meet us tonight. Amen. Let's give him our time while we're here. Let's give him everything we got. Give him your praise. Give him your love. Give him your adoration. Give him everything because he's worthy of it. Can you say amen? Amen. And so, Brother Brandham would say the important thing, one of the most important things we must master is remember this. And especially you young preachers, he said, "Alay members alike, there's one thing that we've got to master if we expect to fulfill God's desire in our life." And he we have to master the thought of human ability. He said, ' If we ever get to a spot where we think we can do it with our own intelligence and our own abilities, we've got to master that in such a way that we can get rid of the thing and lay it aside so that God can use us. That's right. Can you say amen? Amen. Brother go on. He said and make a complete surrender. He said we cannot use one ability. We've got to make a complete surrender. And to come to God, you've got to surrender to him both soul, body, and spirit. Can the church say amen? He said, "And everything that you are has to be surrendered to God in order that he can work his will in you and in me." I love the the humility of a prophet there that he couldn't do nothing without God coming down and actually coming into a surrendered heart even of a prophet. What can you say? Amen. There's nobody too big that can't surrender to God. There's nobody that that gets in there. You get Listen, the the Holy Ghost will not make you bigger than God. The Holy Ghost will make you surrender yourself to an almighty God. The Holy Ghost will come into you and change your very thoughts so that you don't sit in a church service and criticize everything that's done and come against everything that's said. But what you do is say, "Lord, whatever I have need of, come and fill every inch of my vessel and come and move everything out of my life." Come on, somebody. What we need is quit criticizing and start receiving with a surrendered heart. Yes, sir. Well, I I don't know if Brother Ben took care of you on Sunday or not, but this is on my heart tonight. Are y'all okay? Amen. Listen, church. I I I don't want to beat you over the head. This is for me. If you'll notice, he said, "Young preachers have to remember this. We've got to surrender. We can't do nothing on our own ability. If I had any, I couldn't do nothing on my own ability. It's got to come from God. I've got to surrender my vessel to what he once said." Amen. your pastor can stand here, but if all is if he's just speaking and he and he's never studied or he's never sat back there and prayed, but what what he's going to be speaking is just his words. But when he's met with God and he's done, he he's put in the time and and he comes out to you, he's not speaking what he wants to say, but he surrenders himself to the will of the father and he speaks what you need to hear. I know a lot of times we don't want to hear what's being preached, church, but come on, we need to surrender. Amen. Do you realize what he's given us? Do you realize what he's done for us? Amen. What he's done for us, he surrendered his own life for us. He gave everything for me. Amen. Come on, church. Amen. He had to surrender to the will of the father in order to save a wretch like me that didn't deserve to be saved. Amen. He had to come he had to come down and and become a lowly human and tempted and all like manner of man. He had to become a nobody so that you could become a somebody. Amen. If he could do that for me, I say, Lord, help me to surrender just like Jesus did. Help me to surrender everything that I am. Not my will, but thine be done. Everything that you would want for my life, come into me and make me what you want, not just what I want. Brother Random would go on like this. He said, he said, I wonder today when God leads us to a life of complete surrender and service to him, I wonder if our spirits and sometimes don't rebel. Kind of showing that. Wonder if we're a lamb. See, a lamb is obedient. A lamb is sacrificial. Amen. He said it doesn't claim it's its own. You lay it right down and shear the wool off of it and it's the only thing it's got. It never says anything about it. Just sacrifices everything it's got. Amen. The life of a Christian is a sacrificial life. The life of a Christian was never promised to be rosy and and and good because it's a bunch of humans coming together trying to find the will of the Lord. and and sometimes we we get together and and you know what happens is humanity gets in the way and we we we get our eyes on each other instead of on what he wants us to do. And so, Brother Brand would go on. He said, "Now, he said just everything. The lamb sacrifices everything. It gives everything, everything away, itself and all that it is." And that's the way a real Christian is. If they're if they'll sacrifice themselves, carrying nothing for this world, but giving all they got to God. See, and brother would go on. He said, "One night when God ordained that lamb that should be killed, the type of Christ and blood was dipped in hip, which is just a common weed." He says and he said that's when Israel become completely delivered with not a hoof left behind. All that belonged to them was delivered. Their families, their loved ones, and everything was delivered when they completely come under the blood. So I want you to notice if you can just get the blood over our children, then they can have a complete deliverance. Well, come on somebody. If we can just get the Holy Ghost going in our services, I believe that there could be a complete deliverance over everything that's holding you, everything that's binding you from your worship, everything that's binding you from a surrender, everything that you have need of, if you can just get under the blood. Can you say amen? Amen. He said you're He said everything delivered. So when everything comes under the blood, when your sins come under the blood, when you're smoking, when you're gambling, when you're cheating, when you're stealing, when you're lying, when everything is brought under the blood, then there will be a total deliverance. He said, if you've wronged somebody, make it right. You can't bring that under the blood. It won't stay. You can't bring it. Something won't let you do it. When yourself is completely, totally brought under the blood, there'll be a total deliverance. Can the church say amen? He said, then you'll have a freedom like you've never known before. Right. Is that what we need? Then you've got to bring your sins under the blood and accept the the the token life that God has given to the believer. Listen, church, it's not hard. It just requires a a surrender. You you're you're laying your sins at the altar, and you're not going to go back to them. And you you've come with a heart that is willing to receive, a heart full of surrender. And when you lay the things down, it's under the blood. That's when you can find your freedom. And I want to say to the young people, if you go to camp, don't go over there carrying grudges. And don't go over there just looking, amen, to see what kind of faults you can find. Amen. But go and and open your heart to the word of God that's being preached. And and when the Holy Spirit touches you, surrender to that Holy Spirit and you'll find the freedom that you're looking for. I want to say tonight that don't just just go for the young people, but I say, Lord, Lord, set me free under your blood. Amen. There's a freedom under the blood. Amen. There's no condemnation under the blood. I mean, there's freedom there. Why? Because you've you've surrendered yourself. You've been delivered from the thing and now you can come before God boldly saying, "I have surrendered my life and I owe it all to you. I give it all to you. I am nothing without you." And then he will deliver you. Amen. If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray, then will I hear from heaven. Listen, church. If you can humble yourselves and surrender yourselves and lay aside every weight and sin that would so easily beset you, you can be totally delivered. Can the church say amen? Amen. You want freedom in the house of God? Amen. Lay aside those sins. Are y'all okay so far? Brother go on down here. He said like this. You'll have freedom. He said like you've never known before. When everything is brought under the blood, brought in submissive to the kingdom of God, then there will be a real deliverance. Now, brother talks about Jesus and his and his surrender. He said Jesus was completely totally man. He could cry like a man. He could eat like a man. He could be tired like a man. He was completely totally man in his physical being and in his spirit. He was completely totally God. So, he was the fullness of God. And and brother Brandham said he didn't have it in a measure. He was he made his flesh submissive to the spirit that was in him. You see, he was tempted in all manners like we are. He was a man, not an angel. He was a man. He had desires and temptations just like we do. The Bible said he did. He was a man, not an angel above temptations. And brother Brandham quotes Hebrews 1:4 said he was made lower than the angels. He was man completely man that God took a complete man to bring total deliverance and he filled him with his spirit. The Holy Ghost was in was within was in him without measure. And he was tempted like we were. And he was completely God. He proved it when he raised the dead, when he stopped nature, the roaring seas, and the mighty winds, when he spoke to the trees and so forth. They obeyed him. And he was God inside. And he could have been man for he was man. But he totally and completely delivered himself as a man into the hands of God for the service of God. And he is our example. We are men and women. We are also Christians. If he's our example, let us completely deliver ourselves into the hands of the Holy Ghost that we might be subjects of the kingdom of God. So we're not being ruled by what the world wants you to do. We're not being ruled by our own thoughts and our own mind. Amen. But we are be we are subjects of a kingdom that is not on this earth, but is a kingdom that is set up on the other side. Are y'all still with me tonight? Amen. We are not being ruled by the by the spirits that is on the land. We are not leosia because we are not under a leodyian spirit. Can you say amen? Amen. But we are under the headship of Christ the word. And the word is what is changing our lives. It is what is making us come on somebody. The word itself is has come down. And it is and has raised us up to be sons and daughters of God. And it has made us now, amen, to sit in heavenly places. And and we are no longer just those that are coming age to age and trying to find a way out. But we have seen the light of the hour. Amen. Can the church say amen? We have seen the light of the hour. And we are no longer in bondage, but we are free in Come on, somebody. We are free because who the son has set free, who the word has made free is free indeed. You surrender yourself to the word and the word will change your life. It's as simple as that. It's as simple as saying, Lord, I believe, but help thou my unbelief. I believe, but don't but come into that room where there's still sin hiding. And come into that place where there's still doubt there. I'm a believer, but come into the room that I've been trying to hide from the pastor. Come into the room that I've been trying to hide from the rest of the church. Come in and change me because I need changing. And that's what we've got to come to in order to have a total deliverance. We've got to have a complete surrender. Amen. And it's one thing to get delivered from one thing or this little thing and then you surrender another part and you get deliverance from that. Amen. But if you'll have a complete surrender, then you can have a total deliverance. Do you really want freedom? Then you need a total deliverance. Y'all still with me so far? Amen. I I I believe that what we need tonight is not so much just a just a theology, but we need to get on our knees again and say, "Lord, I I believe, but there's something in me that I want you to change." Listen, church. You never get too big to where you've got something that needs to change for the better. There's got to be something on the inside that says, "I'm not good enough like I am. I want to be a better Christian." Listen, I'm not saying you're not good Christians. I believe y'all are good Christians to be here on a Wednesday night. I believe y'all are are saved. And you know, I would look around and say every person in the building, I believe, is a is a believer. But listen, I I I believe too, but throughout my life, there's been parts of me that has been tried to hide. And there's been parts of me that I wouldn't surrender because listen, there there I wasn't really satis I wasn't really fed up with that part good enough yet. But let me go and tell you something. There's got to be something in on the inside of you that really wants a full surrender. There's got to be something on the inside of you that says, "No matter, it don't matter if there's food for me to eat. I I want to I want to eat at your table. Amen. It don't matter if there's water for me to drink. I want to drink at your fountain. It don't matter if if nobody else in church is on fire for God. I want to be on fire for God. It don't matter if anybody else shows up on a Wednesday night. I want to show up and show the devil. Listen, it's not just it's not to make me feel better. It's not because I'm not because I'm going to hell for it, but I really want to show God that I'm surrendering my time. I'm surrendering everything that I am in order to be in his presence. Amen. When you really love God, Amen. This comes natural to the believers. But listen, there there is a part of us that's always fighting the devil. There is a part of us that's always trying to come against us and and make us do wrong. Listen, we Paul would say, "Amen, when I do good, evil is present." Amen. So you you can try to do good and then that the devil's right there to try to make you do bad. And and so you're always listen, I know it's not it's not an easy walk. And so it it don't mean you listen I some of you may have say well I failed last week or I failed this month or I failed this year. Listen it don't matter if you failed. Can you get back up? Can you go ahead and surrender? Say quit holding on to your failings and say Lord help me to walk in your way. Help me to walk in your word. I I'm tired of looking back at what I have done. I'm ready to look forward to what God's going to do for me. I say our young people, you're going to fall. Listen, the devil's here to make you fall. The devil's here to try to show you how bad you are. The devil's here to try to tell you you're not good enough. The devil's here to try to tell you there is no Holy Ghost. Welcome to church say amen. The devil's here to tell you all kinds of lies. But you know how the devil, you know how to tell when the devil's lying? Every time he opens his mouth and what God is going to say to you is you are good enough. And and be, you know why? because his blood came and covered every sin and every mistake and every every transgression, every little secret sin. Listen, you think you hid that from God. You never hid nothing from God. He knows all about it if you'll repent of that thing. He is ready and willing to forgive you. Amen. Listen, this God is not trying to send you to hell. Amen. He just wants a surrendered people that he can have to make a rapture. Amen. There's going to be somebody surrender themselves so much to this end time word that they're going to leave this earth in a body change. And so it's not going to be people looking, amen, for their own way and their own and listen, well, God's got to come like this or or this has got no God wants somebody to surrender to however he moves, we're going to move with him. Amen. The children of Israel, Amen, they weren't walking. They were not walking listen exactly how they wanted to. But if they wanted to get to the promised land, they had to follow the message for the hour. They had to follow the pillar of fire of the day. And that same headship that was with was Moses is the same headship that we're following today. So I would say today, let's not look around each other and say, "Well, if so and so would get right with God, then I'd get right with God." No, let's make it about us. I would say tonight that this this little talk, this little message is not just for it's not just for everybody else in the building, but it's for me. Amen. I've got to surrender my own wills and my own wants and and everything that I am. Because listen, church, I can't stand here and preach the uncarchable riches of God to you and then have something in my life to say, "Well, well, God can have he can have my time on Wednesdays and he can have my time on Sundays, but on Mondays and Tuesdays and Thursdays and Fridays and Saturdays, I'm going to live like the de like like the devil, you know." But let me go and tell you something. That's not what God wants of a man to stand in the pulpit. He wants all of you surrendered so that he can use your vessel for his good. Amen. So, but that but it's not just the preachers. It Come on, somebody. It's not just the preachers that he wants to surrender from. He wants to surrender from from every person that has a job in the church or every person that feels like you don't have nothing to do. Amen. You do have something to do. You can surrender. And God will use you in ways like you've never seen before. Amen. If you'll just surrender your life, you'll see. Amen. that God, if you'll really surrender, God has got a plan for your life. Yeah. Can you say amen? Brother Ram would go on down. He said, "But he was totally delivered because he trusted in God." He's talking about Jesus. Did not the psalmist say, "Thou will deliver him for he has completely trusted in me." And he goes on down. He said, "Some hour when we come to the end of life's journey, I want it for mine. I know you want it for yours." I want him to say, "I'll deliver him out of the jaws of death, for he's trusted in me. Yeah, he surrendered himself to me and I will deliver. Well, can the church say amen? Amen. That's what I want to hear is well done. Why? Because it wasn't my own marriage that got me there, but because I surrendered everything to him. Yes, I fell down. Yes, I made mistakes, but I was surrendered to him. And so when I did that, then there was something on the inside of me that said, "Come back to me. Surrender. Let me come in there and let the word come in to every room in your house. Y'all okay tonight? Brand would go on down like this. He said he totally delivered every sin. He delivered the church. So there's no need for us to live underprivileged people. There's no need for us to live in a defeated state because he defeated the devil and took all the principalities and powers and subdued them under his feet. And they have no legal rights to rule over you. We are Christians filled with the Holy Ghost. We don't have the devil. don't uh don't dictate to us. Christ delivered us total deliverance. Delivered us from evil. Delivered us from sin. Delivered us from habits. Come on, somebody. Delivered us from from talking. Delivered us from from from black guard. Delivered us from all the kinds of smutty things. He totally delivered us and put us into his holy hands. A complete total deliverance. What can you say? Amen. Amen. The habits that you used to have. Amen. You don't have them anymore because you've been completely delivered. Amen. the unbelieving part of you that used to say, "Well, I don't have to follow the word and I don't have to." No, come on, somebody. We're we we're we we've surrendered ourselves and we are now being delivered of those things. And and I want to preach positive to you here for a moment because I realize that this may come across negative that that you need to surrender. But listen, it's not hard to surrender. We just have to give up and let Jesus take control of our lives. Can you say amen? Amen. We're not, Listen, church. This is not saying, "Well, well, well, if I didn't surrender yesterday, I'm a I'm a bad person." No, you're not a bad person. Amen. You're a good person. That's why he chose you to be in this bride. Amen. You're a special person. Come on, somebody. You're specially prepared to be in this end time bride. Don't let the devil tell you you're not enough. Amen. Don't let the devil rob you of your joy. Don't let the devil rob you. Come on, somebody. Don't let the devil rob you of your deliverance because deliverance has come to those he knew would accept deliverance. Well, come on, church. Listen. I know that the devil has come at you and tried to battle your mind and say, "Amen, that you're not good enough to be in this bride, but you're good enough or you wouldn't be here tonight." Amen. This is Listen, this is a positive gospel to the bride. Amen. It's like the man that had the book and the man took a book to his boss and said, "Read this book." He said he and the boss read it and he gave it back to him and he said the guy said, "What do you think of it?" He said, "Well, that man in that book called me a buzzer." He said, "That's funny, boss." He said, "That man in that book called me an eagle." Amen. I believe I if you're willing and and ready to submit to the word of God. Amen. This is not doom and gloom to you, but this is the word that is bringing you out and delivering you from everything that the world is trying to come against you. Come on, somebody. I know I know it's Wednesday night and I know sometimes we get tired on Wednesday nights and I know the devil tries to make it where we don't get nothing out of church, but let us surrender just a little bit of time to him and say, "Lord, come into the secret part of my heart tonight and move everything out that's holding me back from a deliverance here in this service." Amen. Take control of my being. Take control of my life. Take control of everything. Why? Because he knows what you need. Let us give everything we've got to him and let him take control. Amen. There's an old song says give up and let Jesus take over. And I believe tonight that's what we need to do. Just give up and let Jesus have control. Amen. We we we've done a pretty bad job of being control all this time. Brother Gabe, we might as well let him have the reigns for a while and say, "Lord, lead me and guide me. And I'm giving everything to you. I want our young people to come back filled with the Holy Ghost. And I want our homes to be filled with the Holy Ghost. And I want the token over them when we come home. Come on, church. What we need tonight is not just another religious ceremony. We don't just need another youth camp, but we need the fire baptism of the Holy Ghost to move into the lives of our young people and change everything that is wrong in their lives. Listen, I know as a parent, a man, there's going to come a time when you can't hold them any longer. But there's got to be something holding them young people. There's got to be something giving them strength for the journey. Amen. You can talk to him about it and you can preach to them about it and you can say all kind of good things in the home, but let me tell you what they need is they need an experience with God. And I think every young person, every old person, every every parent ought to be on their knees saying, "Lord, give every young person the Holy Ghost. Give them something that will sustain them on this journey because it's not just good enough to sit on a pew. It's not good enough to sit on the front pew. But they've got to have something that will hold them in this time of leodysia. I don't want to see another generation that is cold and indifferent. I don't want to see another generation grow up. Amen. That doesn't care about the things of God. But I want to see young people so on fire for God that it will that they they'll be moving in the service and when the word is preached, there'll be something on the inside of them crying out, "Lord, I want more of you. I'm surrendering to you." I I say every parent in the building ought to say, "Lord, give my children the Holy Ghost." And every parent in the building ought to say, "Lord, I I I want more of you myself." Every parent in the building ought to say, "I'm surrendering my home life." Amen. When my kid gets home from camp, I'm not going to just be be treating them like another kid, but I'm going to say, "I want to nurture that young man. I want to nurture that young woman. I want them to grow up to be believers of this end time message." And and not just not just pew warmers. Amen. But but young people on fire with the power of God on the inside of their vessels. I say that ought to be a prayer of every parent in the building. That ought to be a prayer of every member in this church. I say word of life. It's time that we start investing in our young people and say it's not good enough just to raise them. But we got to raise them in the fear and the admonition of the Lord. Come on church. I this is on my heart hard tonight. I want you to know something that that that if we don't raise them right at home. Amen. We're going to lose another generation of people that should be on fire for this message. Amen. There's going to be young preachers that are determined by the way your home life is. There's going to be young sisters that are well, can you say, "Amen. Is this okay tonight?" I think what we need to realize is it's not good enough to just bring them to church. But when they go home on Thursday morning or on Monday morning, Amen. There needs to be an atmosphere in that home where them children can grow, where they can listen, you say, "Well, anything can grow in an atmosphere." That's true. But do you believe these are sons and daughters of God? I do. I say so. Let's create an atmosphere and surrender what our wants are and our will is to help our young people grow in this message of the hour. I tell you, church, I I know I know a lot of times we we we get busy and and we get we say, "Well, we got all kinds of things. We want our kids involved in everything." Amen. But can you think of anything better for them to do than to be on fire for God? Amen. I I tell you, brother Brandham told brother Billy Paul one time, Brother Billy tells this, and I always thought it was pretty good. He said he, Brother Billy, he he said he wanted him to grow up to be a preacher or a doctor. Because he said he wanted to help somebody. And so, I'll just go ahead and say it tonight. I I I like to see young men on this front row grow up to be preachers of the gospel or doctors. But you know, in this time, I think we probably need preachers worse than we do doctors because it's a there's an attack on the spirit of the ages that we It's like we don't want young men to grow up and preach the gospel no more. I say let's get behind them and and pull for the gift of God in their life. Amen. We need some young sisters that can grow up a and be and be staples in this message and dress the word. And listen, church, it it I think it's later than we're we're get than we're thinking. I think we need to lay aside all the things that are holding us back and surrender our lives as parents so that our children will have a chance in this end time. Can you say amen? I hope that's okay. But it's on my heart tonight that we've got to surrender our own way or we're going to be the cause of a loss in our young people. Brother will go on like this. He delivered us from sickness for we have an abstract deed to that. He was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes we are healed. He's our healer. He said, "That's why the little pully old woman trying to take care of a cancer dying husband. She walked into the realms in the presence of God, she had faith. The doctors had done all they could do. She followed God's instructions and was totally delivered." The disciples had total deliverance. Absolutely total deliverance. Why? Because they were completely and totally filled with the Holy Ghost. He said, "When you just a church member and shook the pastor's hands or some kind of a little experience of jumping, shouting, or speaking in tongues or something another, and still have malice in your heart, strange acts, telling lies, smoking cigarettes, lusting after women, there is something hasn't happened yet. There's something wrong. For he that loves the world or the things of the world, the love of God is not in him. You've been misled. By their fruits, you shall know them." He said, "We all want to be unified together with the Holy Spirit. Every member should be unified one with the other. The love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost. It cleanses us from all unrighteousness. We are delivered from the things of the world. Jesus said, "This will all men know that you're my disciples when you got love one for the other." Are you still with me tonight? He said, "When one member loves the other members so much that it would die for it when one evil thing starts outside the outside world, some of the women come along and say, "Now look, dear, it would be better if you did this or that or the other or did that or done this and got all away from that bunch of holy rollers and so forth like that." We are so unified with God. You say, "Well, Brother Brandham, it's an awful temptation, but Christ died for that purpose. The devil is defeated." Somebody say, "The devil's defeated." We want total deliverance. I'm saying what a prophet's saying now. He said, "We want total deliverance. We want a church that's pure and clean and unadulterated and washed in the blood of the lamb and filled with the Holy Spirit and signs and wonders and miracles." You say, "Brother Joel, I want that kind of church." Then what we need tonight is a total s surrender so that we can have, amen, a complete deliverance. Listen, church, what we need tonight, we've got to empty out what we are so that the Holy Spirit can fill our whole vessel. Can you say amen? Brother Rand would say it like this. I don't have the quote in front of me. He said, "When it" He said, "When the emptying out comes, that's when there comes a filling." Amen. When you can empty out everything that you think or everything that you want, everything that you think is how everything ought to be. Empty all that out and then let the Holy Ghost come in and fill that vessel. It'll make you walk different, act different. Come on, church. I know you're carrying around a sticky nature, but we need the water of the Holy Ghost on us to change our lives and make us act different here in the house of God. Amen. I think we owe it to our young people. I think we owe it to our young people to surrender our homes. I think we owe it to our young people to surrender our lives. Can you say amen? I think we owe it to our young people to be better Christians in front of them and start showing that we're not just we're not just make believers, but we're real true believers of this message. Amen. We don't have to preach them a message so much as live a message in front of them and watch their lives change. They be like, "I want to be like that." Amen. When your when your son can say, "I want to be like dad." Or your daughter says, "I want to be just like mom." Listen, that's that's the change you want to see in your life. Can you say amen? Brother Brandon will go on down like this. And I'm coming to a close. If our hearts condemn us, we want complete deliverance. Amen. You ever come to church and something condemns you in your heart? You know that don't have to be there. Repent of it and you can have complete deliverance. He said, "We don't want to be a halfway church." Brother Stewart preached a sermon here not long ago and just it stirred my heart. He said, "There's no time for playing church." And it made me think of that when I was reading listening to this message. Brother Brandon preaches a total deliverance in 1959. And if you'll listen to that, I know there's a real long introduction to it, but if you'll go down there where he starts the scriptures and he and he talks a lot of these quotes are from that sermon and man, he talks about how we need a complete surrender so that we can be delivered. And he calls it a total deliverance. But he says this in that message. He says he says we ought we want to be real Christians or no Christians at all. We want total deliverance from our habits, from our sins, from our evil thinking, from our evil doing, from our negligence. Oh, somebody say amen tonight. From our negligence, whatever we've done, we want total deliverance so that when people come into this church to be prayed for, there will be just this little group, maybe not over a hundred or two, he said, sitting here, but they'll be completely in the hands of God. And when we pray, then God will hear from heaven. And so I say tonight, if you want to, you say, "Well, I'm not getting the healing I want or I'm not having the joy that I want." Come on church, what we need is a surrender tonight and you can have whatever you have need of here in the house of God. I say for our young people that's going to camp. Amen. Surrender your heart. Amen. Don't go there with with expectations. Well, if it was like this camp or that camp, no, no, just surrender your heart. Amen. It is not to see how the building is or what everything looks like, but what is there you're there for one thing, and that is to meet God with a surrendered heart so that you can be changed. Can you say amen? Amen. God wants a people that is not too big to get down at an altar. It's not too big to say, "Lord, I'm sorry." We're not too big to say, "I was wrong." Amen. We're not too big to surrender ourselves and be totally delivered. Can you say, "Amen." Amen. I know. I know it's Wednesday. I'm almost done. Y'all still with me? You've been good to preach to tonight. Amen. Just a few more minutes and I'll close. Brother Brandon was talking about Sister Rosella Griffin. I How many's ever Griffith? How many's ever met her? Brother Danny. Amen. Brother Herold. Amen. I Brother Harvey. Amen. Several of you have met her. I I was privileged to meet her not long before she passed. She was in a wheelchair down in Georgia. And it made me actually when I was thinking of this tonight, I she came on my mind. And Brother Brandham talks about Sister Rosella. Brother Ram said she was one of the biggest alcoholics Chicago had. Skidro had nothing on Rosella. She came to the Hammond meetings there and and there the Holy Spirit called her out and told her all about it. She was delivered from that alcoholism and now she works the jails and things and with other alcoholics and and he and he calls her out in the building and there she is. He says a lovely person who gave her life and surrendered herself to Christ. And he said now and he said when I seen her come on the platform he says excuse me Sister Rosella. She was a bad eyed, wretched looking witch. This a woman need deliverance. This woman needed deliverance. He said she was just a badl looking woman and wretched looking witch to see her. Oh, he said, "You've never seen such a looking person." He said, "And I" He said, "I don't say this to flatter, but Rosella tonight is a lovely, beautiful young woman. She's 15 years younger. Uh she's 15 years uh uh younger looking than what she really is, and she's a lovely person and never uh took a drink of alcohol since." And when the hospital after hospital and doctor after doctor alcoholics anonymous of Chicago all of them give her up and and hopeless case and there she sets tonight after years and years amazing grace he said how sweet the sound that saves a rest like me. Listen what it was was a person that had gone so far and had gotten so low that all they had left was a surrender themselves to Jesus. And let me tell you something. He can take the worst situation and make it a new situation. Amen. He can take the worst problem in your life and he can make it a blessing for you. Amen. He can take a person that was such a bad alcoholic, amen, that even it messed up her face and and changed the way she looked and turned her into a beautiful young lady in the gospel. Let me tell you something. God is still the God of the impossible. God is still greater than any sin that you've committed. God is still greater than every situation that you went through. If he's still God, then we ought to worship him because tonight he has changed my life. He's delivered me from evil. Even though you walk through the valley of the shadow of death. Amen. He said, "I will fear no evil for thou art with me." Why? Why? Because he's there to deliver you out of that evil situation. Come on, church. I think we ought to just go ahead and say, you know what? The devil is a liar. And we believe God is truth. I'm not surrendering to the devil, but I've surrendered my life to Jesus. And now I am an heir to every promise in the book. Every promise in the open book is mine. Every promise in that message is mine. Why? Because I've surrendered my life to it. Everything the message is, I would say I am. Amen. I'm not just live. I'm not just talking about a message, but I want to surrender myself and live what the message has called me to live in this hour. Listen church, my time's up, but I want to just say this. Amen. Pharaoh want he he said one time he said he said Moses, you can go, but you got to leave your children behind or leave some of your cattle behind. And Pharaoh wanted to bargain with him. Amen. But do you realize something? Brother Brandham said, "That's the way the devil wants a Christian to come. It'll be all right for you to join the church, but don't you never forgive Jones. It'll be all right if you can. You don't have to give up your smoking or your drinking or your lying or your stealing or your fa faultf finding and backbiting." Well, can you imagine? And he put that right in there with drinking and smoking. Come on, church. Amen. We've let these little things hinder our services long enough. We've let these little foxes spoil the vine long enough. It's time we give it to Jesus and let him take over. Y'all okay. Amen. He said, "Your fault finding your backbiting. You don't have to give that up. Just join the church." But Moses Moses wasn't a compromiser. He wanted a complete deliverance. He said, "We'll not leave one hoof behind. We'll take everything that belongs to us when we go to worship the Lord. That's the way the church ought to be. We'll take righteousness. We'll take holiness. We'll take the Holy Spirit. We'll take a unified group when we go to the altar. We'll be a real group. We'll leave nothing behind. We'll take everything. There won't be one hoof. Stay back. He said, you know, and people can pray in such a way till the devil will have to give in. I would say for those of you that may not be a camp, pray in such a way till the devil cannot hold our young people no longer. The devil can't have one of them because we're not leaving one hoof behind. We're not leaving nobody. We're taking everything that God has promised us. Lord, as the musicians come, can you say, "Praise the Lord." Aren't you glad for the message of the hour that tells you you don't have to give in to one devil? You don't have to give up on one promise. Not one of them. We are more than able to take the land because we have been given a a message of authority. Can you say amen? Brother man would say this. I want to read this one just as in closing. He said, "Well, you see, the devil will tell you that you're going to lose some good time. You're going to lose some privileges, but he's lying to you. Especially you young people." Brother Brandham said, I put this quote in here just for you young people. I want you to pay attention for just a minute. The devil's going to tell you you'll lose a good time. You're going to lose some privileges. But he's lying to you. Especially you young people. He said, "Now," he said, "Oh my, you don't have to drink. You don't have to smoke. You don't have to run around in these places of amusement. Why? The Holy Spirit is a million times better than all the devil could even offer you." Now, can somebody say, "Praise the Lord." He said the devil's the the Holy Spirit is a million times better than all the devil could even offer you. Why? You don't have to get drunk on the strong drink to have a big time. Sinners do that. But you don't have to do that. Because he said, "I'm 23 years of preaching and I've been drunk the whole 23 years. I'm the Holy Spirit." Come on, church. You know, we get a little weird when people get under this under the anointing and and they're just getting blessed. I say, "Let the young people have a blessing." I say, "Let the old people get blessed again. Let's have a blessing again." I'm not going to I'm not going to condemn somebody for acting funny in the house of God that they're drunk on the Holy Ghost. Let them have a good time in church. He said, "You don't have to get drunk on strong drink to have a big time because I've been drinking." He said, "23 years I'm drunk on the Holy Spirit. It's a stimulation in itself and it never lets up." Aren't you thankful for that? It never lets up. Brother David, it gets sweeter and sweeter and better. Come on, church. Brother Paul, you've been serving the Lord some time now, but it gets better. Brother Danny, you've been in it a long time, but let it gets better. These men can testify to you young people. Brother Herald, you can testify. It ain't always a better roses, but the life of a Christian, it gets better and better because you know that when I come to the end of my journey, I know where I'm going. I know where I'm headed and I'm not giving up now because God has called me for such a time as this. He called our elders to be examples for this young generation. I'm so thankful for every one of them. I can look at their faithfulness and they don't have the negligence. What is it? It's it's it's a life that they may have been through some things to bring them here, but they're here. I say, Lord, help me to be that next elder in the message. Somebody's got to be that next generation. Come on. Somebody's got to be that person that will endure sound doctrine. Somebody's got to be somebody say, "I'm going to stand for this message until the day I die. No matter who fails me, no matter who walks away, I'm here to stay." Why? Because God has given me the authority to live in this hour. Brother would go on like this. He said, he said, "I've always got joy, always got peace, always feel good." Now, there's faith talking there. Yeah. He said, "If I'm sick in body, he's got me happy in my soul. If things are going good, things are going good in my soul and bad in my body or vice versa, it makes any difference. God is always there and I'm always stimulated with a pleasure that's joy unspeakable and full of glory. That's what he does for the believer. I hope you all are okay tonight. But I just want to tell you something. There there's a joy on the inside of this believer that on your worst Wednesday night when you're so tired you couldn't hardly make it, there's a joy on the inside of you that is still pressing on. There's a joy on the inside of you. Listen, church, you know, the journey's just the the journey gets long and the journey gets hard. But are you satisfied with what God has given us in this generation? He's given us sustainability. He's given us mana for the journey. He's given us what we have need of a to overcome a leotardian spirit. He's given you young people. He's given you the word of God. And he's given you the anointing. And listen to me. He's given you the word to walk all over the devils that are going to try to hinder you in this day. Young people, I say it's time to surrender so that you can be totally delivered. I say this weekend is a time for deliverance. But can we surrender tonight so that when you go into this weekend, you can say, "Lord, I've surrendered everything to you. I've surrendered my my preconceived ideas of how camp's got to go or or or who I've got to bunk with or how I come on, church, how much sleep I'm going to get, but I've given it all to him because I want to be delivered from everything that's causing me to not live the full Christian life." These young people, I know they're young, but you know, it's time now when they got to start making decisions. Think back when you was 13, 14, 15, 16 years old. You know, the devil started working on your mind and started getting you to look at the world and look how good it looks. Come on, somebody. But you know, it's just pleasure for a season and then the end of it is death. But this Christian life, it may be a struggle even for a season, but the end of it is eternal life. So I say, "Let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. For without him, I could never make heaven. I could never make heaven. But I've surrendered every step to him. Can the church say amen? Can you stand [Music] together? If there's a need on your heart tonight, if you want to just make a surrender, you know, Brother Bam said raising your hands is a sign of a sign of surrender. It's a sign of surrender. And I'm going to just go out on a limb here and say that if there's a person in this building tonight that has breath in their body, there's something in your life you need to surrender. There's something you need to give to Jesus tonight so that he can take full control of your life. I wonder if there's one here tonight that says, "I I want to I want to surrender. I want to surrender so that I can be delivered. I want to surrender everything that is holding me from my full potential. I wonder if you just bow your heads tonight. Every eye closed, every head bowed. Think about that secret place. Invite him into your home tonight and say, "Every room is yours. Every closet, every every little corner, every inch of my home is yours. Move into my heart. Make me more like you. Give me a life. Give me a heart that's filled with love. make me more like you. Fill me. I wonder if there's a young person here says, "Lord, I I I've got to surrender. I I I've been thinking of the wrong things. I've been doing the wrong things. I've been holding back long enough. I want to surrender everything to Jesus. He's worthy of my time. He's worthy of my life." He paid the ultimate price so that we could come tonight and raise our hands and say, "You are worthy. I'm a sinner, but I'm saved by his grace." And it was grace that brought me this far. I wonder if you can just talk to him for a moment right where you're sitting. If you need to bow at the altar, you can. I don't want to rush you tonight. I'm I'm sorry I've taken a little bit too much time, but this was on my heart. I want you young people just really think about this weekend. Don't go just to have it's good to have a good time at camp, but go and say, "Lord, deliver me completely. Deliver me. Empty me out so that I can be filled with your spirit." Just pray to him there tonight. If not for grace, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you [Music] see through eyes of love. I was a whole. Oh, you ever been there? An empty place. If not, grace. Amazing [Applause] grace. How sweet the sound. Can you testify? You were lost, but you're found. Oh, yes. But now I was a hope. Yes, I was an empty. Oh yes, if not for grace. Oh precious Lord. Oh precious Lord, please take my hand. Oh, lead me on. and let me stand. I was a hopeless case, an empty place. If not, I'll sing it again. Where would I [Music] be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, I was a whole. Oh yes, we were an empty place if not for grace. Thank you. Thank you [Music] Jesus for the [Music] grace though I can't compare from my heart I'd like to say oh can we just say thank you tonight I wonder if we can put our hands up to him oh say it one more time I I want to say thank. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have. Oh yes. So just keep singing it now. Oh, I can't [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] One more time. Oh, I say thank you. Thank you. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given [Music] us. Oh, I'd like to say that. Oh, I thank you. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Man, have you surrendered? Have you surrendered tonight? If you surrender everything to him, you know, he's he's promised us a deliverance. If there's anything you you know, Brother Robert, come up here for prayer. church. We sometimes you just got to you just got to an act of faith is surrendering to God and saying, "You know what? I if I surrender to his word and I call for the elders of the church to lay hands on the sick, then you got to believe that the deliverance of they shall recover will come." Brother Paul, you've seen God work in your life. Brother Danny, some of you elders, you've seen God work in your life. I want to tell you this testimony, Brother Robert, just real quick. I I was in Arizona and on Sunday night there's these two sisters that come up to me and I had I was preaching there in December and and I had told sister Jessica's testimony of hair loss and she had to start wearing that hat to cover the hair loss and she come up for prayer and you know it was just like within a week or so later her hair started coming back and I I didn't even have a reason. I wasn't even preaching about healing, but I I I incl I I I said that out there at a meeting. And two sisters come up to me Sunday night. And and listen, this is not about me, but it's just about how the Lord can speak to people's hearts. And and and so these two sisters, both of them come up to me before we left the church on Sunday night, and they said, "When you told that testimony," and both these sisters came up for prayer that night, they came up and both of them their hair had started to grow back out. Both of them were healed in that service. Listen, it's not a man that can do it, but it's a surrender and then believe that God will do and keep his word. Come on, church. We We're living below our privileges. If you have a need, surrender and let God take control of your situation here tonight. I say, let's just go ahead and surrender to him. One more time. Say, "Thank you, Jesus, for the grace that you've given us." Every one of us have received it or we wouldn't be here tonight. Thank you. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, can we just tell him thanks for just a few more moments? Oh, for the grace that you have given us. Oh yes. Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I I thank you one more time. I thank you. thing. Oh, thank you [Music] Jesus for the grace that you have [Music] [Applause] given you. Can you give the Lord praise tonight? Do you believe God is real? Can we sing my God is real? Well, there are some things I may not know. There are some places I just don't go. But I am sure, yes I am, of this one thing that God is real. For I can feel deep in my soul. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. You believe it? Oh my God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. Oh, his love for me is like pure gold. My God is real, for I can't feel him in my soul. Some folks may doubt, but not us. Some folks may scorn or they can all go on and leave me alone. But as for me, how about you tonight? Oh, I'll take God's part for God is real and I can feel him in my heart. Oh, my God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. Oh, his love for me. His like pure gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. Well, I cannot tell just how it fell when Jesus took your sins all away. But I like this part. Ever since that day, can you testify about it? Oh, since that hour, oh my God is real. For I can feel his holy power. Oh, my God is real. Yes, he is. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. Oh, his love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel. Let's sing that chorus again now. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. Yes, he is. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. Oh, his love for me is like pure gold. My God is real. But I can't feel him in my soul. Well, I feel like praising praising [Music] him. I feel like praising praising [Music] him. Oh, just praising in the morning. Praise him all day long. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Yes, we do. Oh, I feel like praising. Oh, sing it to him now. Well, I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Oh, yes. I feel like praising praising him. Well, I feel like praising. Oh, sing it now. Well, I feel like praising. Praising [Music] him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising. Let's try this one. Well, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Can we do it? Oh, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Well, I feel like praising. Oh, somebody ought to clap their hands and sing it now. I feel like praising. Oh, sing it to him now. Well, I feel like praising. Oh, praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising. Oh, sing it one more time. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, lift your voice and sing to it. I praise him. Oh, he's worthy of our praise. Praise him. Oh, praise him. I feel like praising. Praising him. Well, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory. Oh, can we just go ahead and claim the victory? Well, I told Satan to get him behind cuz victory today is mine. Well, when I woke up this morning, well, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." But I got to sing it and shout. Oh, sing with all your hearts now. Oh. Well, I told Satan to get me behind. Oh, victory. Oh, you need the Holy Ghost. Can you claim it right now? Well, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today. It's mine. All mine. Well, I told Satan to get him behind. Cuz the Holy Ghost today is mine. We're singing victory. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. All mine. Well, I told Satan to get Oh, you better get behind cuz victory today is mine. Oh, just one more before we go. Are are Well, are you enjoying yourself? I tell you, sometimes we just need to go ahead and just claim our victory even when we don't feel like we got victory. Can you say amen? Amen. Sometimes we just got to praise him just because we have a chance to praise him. Can you say amen tonight? Well, I wonder if we could sing it like this where there can't nobody to me like Jesus. Can't nobody do me like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody to me like Jesus. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody love me like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus cuz he's my friend. Oh yes, he healed my body. Somebody go ahead and testify about it. Well, he healed my body. Told me to run on. He healed my body. Told me to run on. He's my friend. Well, there can't nobody. Amen. If you need to go, you're free to go. God bless you. Well, there can't nobody do me like the Lord. Well, there can't no
