################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Lead Them to the Altar Pastor Ben Pruitt 61525 - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    "Lead Them to the Altar" Pastor Ben Pruitt 6/15/25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKUFrNteEiM
========================================

Description:
"Lead Them to the Altar" Bro. Ben Pruitt 6/15/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] And the dove leaves the lamb once again. Amen. Aren't you thankful for that? I wonder if we could stand together. Let's sing that gratitude song. And we just just started singing this, just learning it. Amen. But we just uh we sure love this. Amen. We just we've got one response. We have that this morning. And we've got one response. And what we're going to do this morning is just praise. How about that? We can just praise this morning. In every situation, we can praise the Lord on this Father's Day. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express [Music] all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. But every song must stand and you never do. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. Oh, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Alle sing it again. Oh, so I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Oh, so come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, so come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. Oh, so I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a halleluj. [Music] Oh, and I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Somebody give him a praise offering this morning. Amen. Aren't you thankful? Well, I feel like praising praising him. [Music] Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, so why don't you praise the Lord while I have this chance? Oh, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, praise him in the morning. Won't you praise him? Oh, singing. I feel I feel like praising. Sing it one more time. Oh, yes. I feel like praising praising him. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, can you praise him? Won't you praise him? Well, I feel I feel like praising. Praising him. If you feel like praising him, give him some praise this morning. Amen. Want to say we welcome any visitors we have this morning. God bless you. Amen. We're going to change the order of the service now. Amen. How many's ready for the word of the Lord this morning? Amen. Man, I believe that you're ready. You're you're worshiping good. And I believe that's the way God expects it. God wants your worship. You believe that this morning? I mean, he wants your worship. He He He made you to worship. Before there was you, there were angels crying, "Holy, holy." But they didn't even know what they were singing about because they'd never been redeemed. But there's some redeemed people in the building this morning that knows how to worship. Because you know what you were, but you know what you are now because of him. And because of that, we can worship this morning. Do you believe it? Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise. Amen. Let's think about his love and his goodness as our pastor comes this morning. Oh, think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Think about his grace that has brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Oh, think about his love. Won't you think about his goodness? Has he been good to you? Oh, think about his grace that has brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above us, so great is the measure of our Father's love. [Music] Oh, great is the measure of our fathers. Amen. Can you just think about it this morning as you worship him one more time? Oh, think about his love. Won't you think about his goodness? Think about his grace that has brought us through. Oh, thank you, Lord. For as high as the heavens above. Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, we're singing and great is the measure of our father's love. Thank you, Lord. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we're so great. Thankful, Lord, for your great love. So thankful for, Lord, that it cannot be measured. Lord, how deep is the sea and how high are the heavens? Lord, we cannot measure your love. We thank you for that. Thank you, Lord, that it extends beyond our frailties as human beings. It extends beyond our abilities, Lord, or our Lord, our our disability, what our inability, whatever it is, Father, you your love is greater. And we thank you for that, Lord. We thank you that you have elective love towards us, that you chose us. No matter what happens in this earth, we know that we're still your chosen people. We thank you for that. We love you. We ask you to come in this service. Lord, I pray that you'd move me out of the way. Lord, speak directly to the people as you would speak to them, Lord, individually. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn with me if you would to Genesis chapter 35. Genesis chapter 35 and verse 2. It's good to be with you on Father's Day. Happy Father's Day to all of our fathers. I know that we got some visitors today and then several that are missing uh out honoring their fathers and going other places. And brother Harvey's over at uh Brother Mass this morning. They had a grandbaby being dedicated. So, it's always a a blessed time. But it's good to have you all here this morning. Genesis chapter 35 and verse two. Then Jacob said unto his household and to all that were with him, "Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be clean, and change your garments." If you can imagine Jacob getting his family up, like many of you did this morning, and some of you wives did this to your husbands, but Jacob did this to his family. He got them up. He said, "Let's go to church." He said, "Put away the strange gods that are among you. Be clean. change your garments. Let us arise and go up to Bethl, and I will make there an altar unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went. Aren't you glad he's been with you? Amen. God bless you. I want to speak to you this morning on lead them to the altar. You may have your seats this morning. There's three basic biblical roles that a father plays that are expressions of a divine attribute that God chose to be displayed in fatherhood and and in in the in a man and especially as a father. And there are uh you know we're all uniquely made and we all serve a purpose and there's not one above another in that the mother serves a special purpose. You can't replace that. That's why you can't make a man a woman or a woman a man. You just can't do that. You can call yourself whatever you want to call yourself. God made you for something specific, for a specific role. And and and that that expresses a part of him because we are made in the image of God. And so there's something about motherhood that expresses a certain divine attribute of God as we talked about on Mother's Day. And there's something about fatherhood that expresses another divine attribute of God. It's something that's that's uh uh that God wanted to show in the earth as an attribute of himself. And the first attribute of of fatherhood that we find in the scripture is the attribute of protector. Protector. In Proverbs 14:26, it tells us about the Lord being our protector. And the fear of the Lord is strong confidence. and his children shall have a place of refuge. I'm not going to spend very long on this because I think most of us get this pretty pretty well that we would do just about anything to protect our our wives and our children as a husband, as a father, uh even just as a man here in the church, you would do just about anything to protect those that God has given you to protect. And and secondly, uh one of the things the attributes that comes out in a man is a provider. In Matthew 7 and verse 9, he talks about he said, "What man is there of you?" Notice what it says. What man is there of you? So, what kind of a a father, what father is there? What husband is there? Uh whom if his son asks bread, will he give him a stone? So, he's saying this is just your by nature, God has put something in you. If your son asks for bread, if he's hungry, you want to give him bread. And if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent? If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children. So other words, there's something just innately about you, even though you're born in sin, shapen in iniquity, that wants to give good things to your children. How much more does God, your father, which is in heaven, will give good things to them that ask him. The Bible says, "You have not because you ask not." I think we ought to ask this morning if we need something. Our heavenly father, he his ear is not shut up to us. He's not He doesn't just discount what we ask for, but he wants to give us those things when they're for our good. Yeah. So, a good man is a provider. And I'll just hit on that for a moment because it's very important in 1 Timothy 5'8. But if any provide not for his own, and especially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith and is worse than an infidel. In other words, worse than a denier of the faith. Even worse than an unbeliever, he's counted as an apostate actually to the word if he will not provide for his family. I think if we're if you're an able-bodied man living in this country and and the the mother of your children has to worry about where her next meal is coming from or the children's next meal is coming from, you got a problem. That we should be able to say amen to that. Right? And yet at the same time, I realize we, you know, that there's no calling. There's no sin in being poor. There's no sin in living simply. Amen. But but I wish more folks would do that. But a Christian father will provide for his children because that's the attribute of our father in heaven. He provides for us and we provide for those whom God has given us. So the third attribute of fatherhood is the one I want to focus on today. So we are protectors. We are providers and we are priests. A real father will lead his family to the altar. Yeah. Jacob said, "Let's get up this morning." Yeah. And get ready to go to church. And and not just go to church, but he said, "Let's clean ourselves up. Let's let's make ourselves ready." So a real father is not dragged by someone else to the house of the Lord. He's not dragged by uh by well the preacher will think bad of me or or the people you know they they'll think I'm backsided or something like that. A real father he he wants to go to the house of the Lord. There's something in him. He wants to lead his family. He's not going to follow his family to the altar, but he's actually going to build the altar that his family worships at and he's going to lead them to worship at that altar. Oh God, give us more fathers like that today that will lead their families to the altar. I think it's time we had some real men. I'm just going to preach to you this morning. But I get tired of of seeing a man following everybody around and every little wind of doctrine that comes by and every little thing comes along and every little discouragement he gets he he starts hanging out of church and and leaving his family and leading them in a wrong direction. It's time for some real men that will stand up and say, "I'm going to be a man in my house. I believe that God, no matter what happens, I believe God is right. I believe this message is right. I believe we're going to live for the Lord. We're going to do what's right. Time we had some real men. I know we want to put a lot of the blame on women. And I know on Mother's Day, we lift up the women and sometimes and the mothers and we should and and we lift up our fathers as well. But I want to challenge our fathers this morning. I want to challenge myself this morning to be a real man and lead my family to the altar. Not just at church, but to lead them at worship in my home. To make my home a place where the token is on display. That's something I can do. See, we know that Adam led his family to worship in the beginning because his adult sons both worshiped God. One of them did it wrong. One of them had a revelation and one didn't. But they both come and built an altar. Where did they learn to do that? Adam led his family to the altar. See, as God led him to the altar, as brother Ben talked about last week, how that how that they they they needed a savior and God provided a way. Aren't you glad that he did a way of blood that they could be saved? So, Adam led his family to worship. Though Cain worshiped because of of who he was, he had no revelation. But yet they led them to worship. Men do not only lead in worship though because of the fall. I know that the fall changed the uh the balance between the man and the woman. But a man men do not only lead in worship because of the fall. Leadership and worship was already established in the garden by who Adam was. When God made you a man, he made you a leader in worship. If you are a man and you have a wife and and children, you're obligated to lead your family to the altar by virtue of what God made you. And you say, "Well, what is that, Brother Ben? I'm I'm short. I'm fat. I'm skinny. I'm tall." Whatever it might be. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the image of God that he put in you that would lead your family to worship, that would lead your family to the altar, that would lead your family to the word of God, and and lead them in the right direction. not not be uh driven by the whims of what somebody wants to do or what your even your children would want to do or something else, but you you lead your family. You get them to buy into it. You you make it to where they they their expectation is that they would worship God. And this is a family that's going to stay in the house of God and do what God says right now. And that's that's what we want. I think most of the our women would would acknowledge and would would testify today that they want a man like that. They they want a husband like that. They want a father like that that would lead them to worship where they don't have to always remind them to pray and remind them to do this that or the other, but a man that'll lead his family into the house of the Lord. Yes. See, no matter how weak or ineffective you might be, and I know sometimes when we lose a job or or or sometimes men just they're raised in a culture that that that emasculates men and takes them to a place where they're just a bunch of idiots. Really, excuse the language, but that's what the culture makes a man just some kind of a bumbling fool. and and and men are are taken to that point and where they don't have any ability to do anything for themselves and and they're just led around everywhere. But no matter how weak or ineffective you might have been, no matter what you've done in your past, no matter what what you were before you become a Christian, you're still a man, right? And you still have the ability to lead your family in worship. You say, "Well, I've never done that." Well, today's the day to start doing it, right? So we we find the first worship that was Adam leading his family. Brother Brandham describes it so well. He said, "Now when God made man in the beginning to fellowship with him, then this man was in perfect fellowship in the garden of Eden. He was in perfect fellowship with God." Oh, I long for that. There's just something about a Christian, a real Christian, I believe, brother Bruce, that wants that perfect fellowship with God. You don't want anything in the way. You just want to you want to have that that that back and forth, that communion with God. And so you strive for that. He said, "How it must have been on that day when God would come down in the cool of the evening and call Adam and he and Eve would come up and they would worship God and they would fellowship and commune one with the other." He said, "That's the very thing that calls us together like this." Yeah. Remember they heard the voice of the Lord God in the midst of the garden and they hid themselves. Now listen, that's the very voice that calls us together today like this sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, fellowshipping in the Holy Spirit. No difference in us. We're all one in Christ Jesus in that perfect harmony of fellowship. He said there's nothing like it I've ever found on earth. It's to come together in heavenly places and have communion, fellowship with God, with each other. He said, "No, that's what God intended in the Garden of Eden." I believe if he intended to have that fellowship, that that church service, if you will, in the Garden of Eden, he still intends to have one today. Right. And he's still calling Adam to lead his family to worship. Yes. Good. He said, "What a beautiful picture. No harm, nothing could harm them. No sickness could ever come to them. They didn't even know what sickness was. They didn't know what old age was. They didn't know what being hurt was. They couldn't be hurt. They was in the presence of the omnipotent powers of God which held them in control and guided them by his spirit. There was nothing could harm them. Oh church, if you realize you're still in his power today, you're still in his presence today. There's nothing can harm you even now. We we think there is. We get scared by what's going on in the world. We get scared by sometimes even what happens in our own families. But there's nothing that can harm a child of God. Brother said, "There's nothing out of cater." Amen. He He said, "I believe that this little group of believers this morning could ever one time lay aside every thought and get down to the fact to know that the great Jehovah God that created you in the beginning, come on." Oh, I love this. You know, Brother Danny, it gives us as a pastor, it gives me courage when I see deacons in their position. When I see a song leader in his position, I see people in their position. It gives me courage because I know if they're in their position, then good can come from that. But don't you realize it's not just the preacher in his position, the pastor in his or the deacon in his. But God is in his position this morning. He's still on the throne. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. He can still take care of your problems. He can still heal the sick. He can still cleanse the leper. Do you believe that today? Hallelujah. He's here in his position in this tabernacle at the heart of every believer. He said, "Now in the beginning when God come down in the evening and talked to Adam and Eve in the cool of the day, his great voice whispered to them and they had fellowship, loved one another how the moving of the spirit went through the bushes. The lions come up, the tigers, all of them, and they worshiped the Lord." Yeah. Man was conscious at all times that his presence was with him. Before the fall, they were God conscious. When they fell, they immediately became self-conscious. You ever notice that? Before the fall, they were conscious that God was present. But after the fall, they become self-conscious. Yeah. So, you know where our self-consciousness in worship comes from. We be we begin to look at what somebody else is doing or how some other church does it or or how our brother our sister worships. But if we could just lose that this morning and and just worship God ourselves in the way that God made us and and just lift our hands to him or whatever way that God influences us to worship. Listen, if some of us would break out and begin to worship, things might be change even in the service. Might change for somebody else. If you'd become God conscious instead of self-conscious and realize he promised he would be here, Brother Jaden, and he is here this morning. He's here because he said he would be here. If you could become God conscious this morning and realize that he's right here to heal the sick. We don't have to wait. We got meetings coming up, but we don't have to wait on the meeting. We got we got uh we got some service coming up next week, but we don't have to wait on next week. We can this morning on a Father's Day. We can receive what we have need of because he's here. He's come down in the cool of the evening to fellowship with his children again. He's right at his position. He hasn't lost a step. Yes. They made themselves figs because they become self-conscious in worship. And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day. And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden. And the Lord God called unto Adam and said unto him, "Where art thou?" Because even though Eve had sinned, it was Adam who was responsible to lead his family to the altar. There there's no record in scripture of any mother, any woman actually. And just you ladies, hold on for just a minute. I got something for you, too. It'll I believe it'll encourage you. But there's no record in scripture of any woman building an altar. Do you know that? That never it was never Abraham built four altars. Noah built an altar. the first altar in Genesis 8:20. He built an altar and and offered. In Genesis 12:7 and 8, Abraham built an altar and the Lord appeared to him and he removed from then to Bethl built another altar to the Lord and called upon the name of the Lord. Abraham built a total of four altars. Sarah never built an altar. Why? She didn't have to. Abraham took care of that. Aren't you glad God's your father today? Amen. But Father Abraham took care of building the altars and leading his family to worship. He didn't leave it up to somebody else to pull him out of bed on Sunday morning, make him go to church. I've told you before that that one husband was not want to go to church and he was just all upset and and he he the wife woke him up and said, "Honey, it's time to go to church." And he said, "Well, the people don't like me." and and he said, "The preaching's terrible and the singing's terrible." He said, "I think I'll just stay in bed." He said, "But honey, you're the pastor. We got responsibilities, don't we? Somebody's got to lead the people to worship." Look, Sarah again, she didn't have to build an altar because Abraham took care of that. Now each one worshiped, right? Each one had to come individually and place his hand on the head of the lamb, right? As it was dying and get covered by the blood. Each one of them had to do that, right? But it was Abraham. It was the father who led his family to that place. Right. Because that's a divine attribute of God, how he led his children in the Garden of Eden to worship. Yes. And it's something that is in the heart of a man. And when he becomes a Christian, he wants to lead his family to worship. All right? And Satan has co-opted that and tried to take that away because he realizes the value of it. They each one had to worship. Each one had to become identified. Listen, you children can't go in because you have a good father. You got to have the Holy Ghost for yourself. You got to have the token for yourself. But the father's job is to lead you to that place. Lead them to that place. Get them in that atmosphere where they can feel the presence of God. Get them in that place where they can lay their hands on the head of the lamb. It ought to be our number one priority in life. Our number one our our number one desire in life. Yes, we want our children I want my children to marry good people. I want them to to survive. I want them to thrive. I want them to get good jobs. I want them to financially be secure. But my number one priority as a man is to be a priest in my family and lead my family to the altar and say, "This is where you find happiness. This is where you find joy. This is where you find the peace of God. This is where you find something that even if everything else falls apart, there'll be something that'll hold you through the hard times." Anybody testify with you this morning? You find something at the altar. A place where you can worship. Yes, sir. A place where your sins can be forgiven. A place where you can be clean. Yeah. And stand before God and come boldly before the throne of God. It was the man's responsibility in Exodus to dip the hissip in the blood of the lamb and offer it and strike it on the door of the house. But as I said, I want to encourage our sisters today because sometimes you might feel bad because you think, well, there's no father in the home to apply the token. But we have a heavenly father. Yeah. And God in his infinite mercy makes a provision. We find even in the Old Testament, there's three women, there's more than that, but there's but there's three women that I'm thinking of this morning that re type the gentile bride. And it's it's Rahab and and it's Esther and it's Ruth. And you'll find that Rahab come first. And God in his infinite mercy made a provision for Rahab. In Joshua 21:18 said, "Behold, when we come into the land, the the men are telling her, the spies are telling her, "This is what you need to do. When we come into the land, thou sh thou shalt bind this line of scarlet thread." There was no man there who was a believer. There was no father in the home that would help help her do it. There was nobody there to lead her to the altar. But what did she do? Come on, church. This ought to encourage you. The the spies told her, the preachers told her, they said, "Take this token and apply it to your house anyway." You say, "Well, I don't have a man to apply." You apply it anyway because God's going to keep your house. Amen. Hallelujah. And she said in verse 21, "According to your words, so be it." Where do you find? Brother said, "Full obedience to the full word of God entitles you to the token. According to your words, so be it." And she sent them away and they departed and she bound the scarlet line in the window. What do you do, mothers, when you don't have somebody there with you? What do you do if you're a widow and you don't have anybody there with you to help you? Or if you're a single woman, you don't have nobody there to help you. You take that token and apply it because God will see your token and he will pass over you. And she even saved her own father. Thank the Lord. God made a way. Men had let her down. They let her in the wrong way. They led her away from the altar. But she obeyed the word and saved her house. Yes. Hallelujah. How God hears your prayers. He sees you when you put that token, apply that token over your house. Yeah. Hey, don't you don't make it an excuse either and say, "Well, I don't have a man in the home, so I can't really lead my Yes, you can. You can lead your children to the house of God." Rahab did it. God made a way for her to come under the token. Hallelujah. He said he's a father of the fathers, a judge of the widows. is God in his holy habitation. Amen. I'm so thankful for that today. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. I think of Rahab. And then you find Esther, just to drop this in here before we go along. Esther was uh or Ruth rather was the next one. And and Esther or Rahab was a harlot. Ruth was somebody who had been married before, but her husband had died. And Ruth goes in. Notice that God allowed these women were a type of the Gentile bride. And the gentile bride is to come boldly. Whether you're a man, whether you're a woman, whether you're a boy, whether you're a girl, you're to come boldly to the throne of God. Yeah. Right. Right. We're not to hold back at all. No matter what gender you are, no matter what what what it is, you you come boldly to the throne of God. Yeah. Right. Because you individually are a child of God. Can we understand that today? It's not just the preacher or somebody else. We can each individually come boldly to the altar because Rahab, it was Rahab who tied the scarlet thread. It was Ruth who went down to the threshing floor. Come on. God showing us something about a gentile bride. The Lord was speaking to me this morning. I believe it was him. And just these things begin to come to me. I don't have it in my notes, but God was showing us something that there's a gentile bride that's not going to take make any excuses. They're going to come and do what's necessary to rechieve what God's given them. Ruth went down to the threshing floor. And when you come now to you got Rahab and then Ruth and you come down to to Esther. Esther was a a virgin and she come to be married to a king. You see the process of redemption coming through as it builds up and you find then that she's a virgin. You're a virgin bride. Your old marriage has been enulled. It's been a done away with and you come a virgin bride. She never did it in the first place. Esther comes as a virgin bride. What does she do? She doesn't wait. But she goes into the king and she touched he extends the golden scepter. You remember? She might have died, but she went anyway. So God is showing us there's something about us as Gentiles that we don't, you know, we don't we we don't have to wait on nobody. We can go for ourselves. Listen, you young people, you can go to the altar of God yourself and receive help in time of need. You you widows can go to the house of God, to the altar of God, and find help in time of need. You don't you don't have to wait on anybody else. Yeah. You can make it if nobody else makes it. Yeah. Are you with me now? I got to move on. There's a whole sermon in that somewhere, Brother Stewart. But that was our type, our our gentile type. In the New Testament, we're all made kings and priests. Revelation 5:9 tells us, we're going to come back to the role of the man in a moment, but it tells us they sung a new song, saying, "Thou art worthy to take the book." Do you believe he's worthy today? To open the seals thereof, for that was saint. See, we don't worship because we feel good. We worship because he's worthy. Well, we don't want we don't want to just have a good atmosphere when we feel good. We don't shout just when we feel good. We don't go We don't get excited when the preaching gets loud. But what is it? He's worthy of our praise. He's worthy every day of the week, every hour of the day. Thou was are worthy to take the book, and has redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and hast made us unto our God, kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. 1 Peter 2:9. that you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a king and a priest, a priest king, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that you should show forth the praises of him who has called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. Hebrews 13:15, by him, therefore, let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually. That is the fruit of our lips, giving thanks to his name. What is it? You because of him. By him, because of his sacrifice, he is a great high priest who can be touched by the feeling of our infirmity. And because of him, we can enter into the holy of holies and offer our sacrifice of praise. That's not limited to men. It's a priesthood of believers. Are you with me now? Brother says, "What a high priest we have. What a priesthood that we're in. The priesthood of the circumcision, not of flesh, but of the heart. the heart circumcised by the Holy Ghost. That's right. Then you can offer praise and adorations to God, the spiritual sacrifice. Your lips pouring out praise unto him. I wonder, church, when was the last time your lips, poured out praise. Come on, church. I'm not I I'm not knocking you this morning. I'm preaching to myself, too. I say, "God, when I come to your altar, let me stand there and say, Lord, you're worthy. My lips pour out praise. Let my lips pour out praise." Not a little trickle, not a little, not not a not not a word now and then, but a pouring out of praise. Said the other night when the people were standing there, he said, "Where a little blind baby laying in the mother's arms, his little eyes were blind. But after being prayed for, holding the little baby in my own arms like that, looking at, I was looking out. I said, "Mother, it sees the light." She looked at it. She put her hands before it. It batted to the lies and I took my hand. It followed my hand around like that. He said, "While the people just rose, those rafters rang with the praises." Somebody stood there and said, "They make a lot of noise." I said, "If they'd hold their peace, then I believe the rafters would praise God. Something's got to take place." Have we had stuff shaken in front of us so much we can't even respond anymore? Come on, church. We need We need to recognize who's here. But he's still the same God. The same God that healed that blind baby in 1947 is the same God that's in Word of Life tabernacle this morning. I know he's God. I've seen him work. I've seen him heal the sick. We've got testimonies right here in this building when he's healed the sick and and healed cancer and healed and brought babies when there shouldn't have been a baby. We've got things that have happened right here among us. I held in my own arms a baby with a cleft lip who was healed in Africa. The same God that was in Africa that morning. It's the same God that's here this morning. [Applause] Hallelujah. Every priest, how many kings and priests have we got here this morning? Are you born again? That's what you are. Every priest ought to go beyond behind the holy of holies. Brother Brandon said it was death to go in back then. Now it's death to stay out. Every priest ought to go behind the holy of holies and pour out praise. I'm not talking about being loud in church. That that that's part of it. I'm talking about an everyday walk. I'm talking about every day. Lord, I thank you. I love you. I worship you today. True. Brother said every priest in the Old Testament could go behind the Holy of Holies and get a mouthful of original mana. Yeah. Because that mana was kept an armor of mana was kept and reproduced itself in the Holy of Holies. It's still there. Come on, church. If you hadn't had if you hadn't had worship for a while, if you've been dry and and and you felt like a desert for a while, maybe you gotten back sit on God, but behind the Holy of Holies, behind the curtain that's been rent, is a place where you can go and find the Pentecostal blessing again. It's still there for you. The original word has been restored back to us. You can have that in your life again. You can know the presence of God. You can live for God. You can be forgiven of everything. You can live there in the Holy of Holies. You don't have to live on the outside wishing you could get inside. Brother Brandon said in the Old Testament, they long to go inside. And now the doors been thrown open and the veil's been ripped from top to bottom. And we can go inside. Oh, what a privilege it is this morning to go behind this the veil into the Holy of Holies. Brother said when they went behind there, they could taste where they had a pot full of original full of mana that fell at the beginning was kept in there only for the priesthood. He said, "We know that, but now the veil is rent. Not only the priesthood, but every one of us." Someone say it with me. Every one of us can be royal priests. come in and take a taste of the original mana. The kind that fell on the day of Pentecost, the mana for the church, the Holy Ghost, the armor, what we're fortified, not with intellectual education, doctor's degree, but we are fortified with the baptism of the Holy Ghost to prove the word of God is the truth. Listen, you can have an intellectual conception of this message and know all the ins and outs of it, but you got to have something in your heart that you believe that there's something inside of you responds to the word of God. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's the original man. Good. Excuse me. Say, "Well, I'd go to the church." I'm just reading now. I'd praise the Lord if I felt like it. Well, now a priest is to make a sacrifice. Hallelujah. [Laughter] You realize what he did? That role in the Old Testament was reserved just for a man. Not just a man, but one man, a certain man, the high priest of that year is the only one who could go behind the Holy of Holies. But now he's the great high priest come and he rent the veil and the mercy seat was in plain view hanging on the cross. Go listen to the unveiling of of God. Brother said, "The mercy seat, the mighty God unveiled before us." Mercy seats hanging there between heavens and earth. And when it did, we were we were able to go behind the veil. And what he did is he made a way for every one of us to put on those priests robes and and let that that aroma come over us and walk into the holy of holies. That'll be better than any movie you could watch. It'd be better than a silver dollar city. And I like Silver Dollar City. It's better than Dollywood. Brother Andrew Glover happens to hear this. I'm sorry, guys. Some of our folks from Tennessee over here. I happen to like that place, but I know a place that's better. It don't cost near as much to get into. He said, "Come without money, without price." Oh, come on, church. Don't you want to go in? Don't you want to go behind the Holy of Holies again? Don't you want to know what it's like to make a spiritual sacrifice? Today I'm going to serve God with all of my heart. Today I'm going to go in and take advantage. Yes. Hallelujah. All right. You go down. He said he said a priest is making a sacrifice. You, the congregation, are high priests of God to make a spiritual sacrifice. It's the fruit of your lips giving praise to God. You go down and say, "Well, if I felt like it, I'd go over and testify to somebody." Well, do it anyhow. If you're a high priest, brother, it's burning in your heart whether you feel like doing it or not. Go do it anyhow because you got to make a sacrifice. Something that's hard to do. Come on. I know men like to challenge themselves, right? We like to find out, brother Logan, how much we can bench press. You know, we like to challenge ourselves. Well, some of y'all do. How many miles you can walk, how many holes you can dig. Brother Harvey outworked me yesterday out here digging holes for the landscaping and he he's not here this morning. So I say he's not old, but that man can work and he's quite a bit older than I am. And I'm out there, my heart's racing and I'm panting, you know, and because I'm out of shape. But men like to challenge themselves. We like We like That's why they climb mountains. That's why they ask why do men climb mountains? because they're there, right? You guys just climb some mountains, didn't you? It's just something to do. We were all asking ourselves, why would people go hiking on their honeymoon? Like that's Sorry, but it's just it's just there, right? You want to do it. You want to challenge yourself. Challenge yourself with this. I want to be a real man today. I want to flex my spiritual muscles. I want to walk in behind the veil. I want to go to the Holy of Holies. I want to worship him like never before. I want to lead my family to the house of God. With the same kind of ferveny, some of you would do anything to protect your family. You would do anything to provide for your family. But will you be a priest this morning and go in? Very good. Brother Brand, a little confusion. He said comes in the church, you don't run over to one side and pout now. Oh my. He said, "You you if you are, you sure ain't a priest." See, he said, "See, you pray through spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips, giving praise to his name." Well, you say, "I just don't feel like going to church." But you're a priest. It's your duty. You've got to be there. I feel for some of our technical workers in the church. Because some of y'all, they're hiding behind them screens back there now. But some of y'all, you know, they work so hard on the technical aspects and many of you guys don't ever know what goes on in that. And that's not your fault. It's just cuz you're not doing it. And and so our young people take the brunt of that. And sometimes they we're going back and forth for the service trying to get everything working. And and and those of you deacons, you know what I'm talking about. Some of you trustees know what I'm talking about. You're worried about other things, thinking about other things, and you got to fix things and do things and protect people and and help people during the service. But listen, we're still preached when you get done doing that. Brother Peter, you got to still go in them. Come on. When you get done, and again, I feel for them because so that's why I try to rotate them and things where we can we can make it where they don't have to be back there all the time, but you're still a priest. You still belong in the house of God. Whether you're back behind the screen or or or you're up in the sound booth, Brother Robert, or or you're sitting here in the sanctuary, whether you feel good or you don't feel good, we're going in behind the veil today. It's a pouring out of praise, offering our sacrifice of praise to God. So, well, you say, "I just don't feel like going to church." But you're a priest. It's your duty. You've got to be there. I'm challenging us today, right? He said, he said, "Well, I just don't feel like taking a part in the service. You're He said, "You're a priest making a sacrifice, a spiritual sacrifice, not giving somebody some hand me down." He said, "As they call it today, that's all good. Have nothing against it." Not going to get somebody to come to church. It's all good. I have nothing against it. But it's you, you making the spiritual sacrifice, the fruit of your lips giving praise to his name. He said when you see a time coming listen that everybody blaspheing saying these things doing things wrong. Can I can I be very direct today? We're living in that time. I believe a prophet of God spoke these things for for now. When you see a time coming what are we living in that time? Everybody blaspheming, saying these things, doing things wrong. What do you do? Come on. Come on. Walk away. Come on, buddy. Come on, church. The greater the sin there is, the greater problems in the church, the greater struggles going on in the message of the hour, the greater desire there ought to be in our hearts to walk into the Holy of Holies, come in behind the veil. Good. When we see a time coming, when there's websites everywhere, people saying the message isn't true and this isn't true and that isn't true. When we see a time coming, when people are are claiming the message and don't live it anymore, when people are claiming to do this, that, and the other, but they don't really have a desire in their heart anymore, what do you do? Go in behind the Holy of Holies, make a sacrifice of praise. You're supposed to stand there with a spiritual sacrifice, saying, "The blood of Jesus Christ cleanses from all sin, makes me a new creature in Christ Jesus." Yes. He said, they say you're crazy fellow. According to what you say, it's all right. But to me, it's the power of God to salvation. I believe it. They say you believe in divine healing. Oh, I I don't know. You better ask our pastor. He said, "What do you think about it?" You're the priest now. Yeah. Come on, church. We don't believe in nickelism. We don't put it all behind the pullpit, but it's out in the congregation. What do you think about it? You're the priest. You're the guy. Yes, sir. I believe it because God's word says it's so. You believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit? Yes, sir. How do you know I've received it? Listen, you don't have to wait on your pastor to tell you that God's still God. You don't have to wait on your pastor to tell you you can be healed. You don't have to wait on some other man to speak some word over you. You can be healed. The Bible says he was he was wounded for my from my oh my from my transgression. By his stripes, I'm healed. I'm a priest. I've eaten that man. I can go in. Both men and women are priests today. Spiritual priests in the royal priesthood. Neither Jew nor Greek. Neither bond nor free. Neither male nor female. For you are all one in Christ Jesus. And yet men have not lost that that standard and that image of God to lead their families to worship. Right? Because Paul says in 1 Corinthians 11:3, the same one who says there's neither male nor female, he said, I would have you know the head of every man is Christ, and the head of the woman is the man, and the head of Christ is God. Come on, church. Head means more than saying, "I'm going to decide where we go to dinner tonight. Bless God." Now, you know, you don't get to do that. cuz it ain't worth it. I'm sorry. I'm just messing with you. But that's not what it's about. I'm going to be head of my house when I come in. Bless God. I don't know what it is about being a man. Makes you want to pull your pants up, you know. But feel like brother Wendle standing up here pulling my pants up. [Laughter] Bless God. I'm going to be a man today and their dishes are going to be washed and the and the floors are going to be mopped and I'm going to sit in my chair and rule as a king in my castle. That's not what a head is. A head is somebody who leads his family. Brother Brandon puts on an apron. He was ahead. He was being the head of his home, exercising his headship. By putting on an apron and helping his wife wash the dishes. Are you with me now? He's exercising. How did God do it to you? How did the bridegroom woo you to him? Did he come in and you know smite you? Exercise his headship in that way. He didn't do it. What did he do? He wooed you to him. He called you to him. He led you to him. Being a man is not going out and and knocking things around and going in and throwing things and punching a hole in a wall. A man is somebody who will lead his family by the word, who will submit to the headship of God himself and then sub and cause his family to come under headship. And you can't abdicate that responsibility to anybody else. The truth. I'm not going to be able to blame my wife if my if my kids get to the point where they just they can't stand being at home because there's abuse at home or there's there's not. But if it that was the case, there's abuse at home or there's I can't blame my wife. There's a bad atmosphere in the house and they just want to soon as they get good old enough they want to leave. That is that's not my wife's fault. It's not my kids' fault. That's on me. Right. Right. Because I'm the head. Yeah. Are you with me now? I can't blame them for that. I I I've got to do that. I I got a responsibility to raise them right. They may leave when they get old enough and try to go out and and sew their wild oats and do their own thing. But I'll tell you this, if I've I've got a promise, if I've raised them right, that they will return. Oh, thank God for that promise today. They will return. But I don't believe we have to lose our families. I believe we can raise them right. Yeah. Do the right things. Be a man. be a leader. Yes, sir. Listen, Paul says, "I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence." Again, that's not because she's lower. It's because she's given a different role. Right? For Adam, he said, was first formed and then Eve and Adam, so this is predates the fall, he doesn't go back immediately to the fall. He goes back to the creation and then to the fall. Adam was not deceived, but the woman being being deceived was in the transgression. So, it's a man's job to lead his family to the altar. Not just any altar, but one where the blood is. And the modern church, if you just excuse me for a moment, but it's led by women. And brother Brandon talked about that in the preview of the bride. He saw that coming where the the American church, he said, was led by a witch. Yeah. And and but you remember the bride was not led by man at all, but they were looking towards the the prophet and the one standing by him, right? They were following the message and looking to Christ. Are you with me now? So, but the modern church is led by women. In fact, in 1960, there was 2% of the clergy overall in America were women. Today, it's 20%. And in uh in in most major churches, liberal churches, half of the pastors or more are women. And and if you look at most Lutheran, Methodist, and even Pentecostal churches, the churches are controlled by women. Even our local Catholic church, I've watched that dynamic. And there's a few women that really they kind of run that show. And they can't be priests in the Catholic church, but they do that. And so that's that's everywhere. and and and but we can't abdicate our responsibility as men in this message, right? Where where are men who will take their role seriously? Listen, if you're the only one that can preach and teach, you ought to take that seriously, right? Listen, none of us, again, we wouldn't let our wife go out and fight an intruder. I hope not anyway. And I don't like to be woke up, but and some of you may be better shots than your husband, so I guess that's okay. You know, kind of equalizes it. But but you know, I wouldn't I wouldn't let my wife go out if I really thought there was a danger. If I really thought there was a danger to my home, she's not going to stand between me and an intruder. I'm not just saying that. That's just a fact. I think all of you men could agree with that, right? Because you're a protector, right? I if you can't like listen, you're going to do everything you can to provide for your family if you're a man because you're a provider. But what what will you do when it comes to being a priest? You see, you wouldn't let you wouldn't volunteer your wife to serve in the military. To come down to it, don't take me. She's man, she fights all the time. She's good at it. You wouldn't do that. You wouldn't send her out there. It was one of the shames of this country is when they started putting women in battlefield roles in the military. It's a shame we didn't need it for over 200 years. Why do we need it now? Because the men have abdicated the responsibility to lead on the battlefield and everywhere else. But the altar, what is it? It's a spiritual battleground. Yeah. When we come to church, we don't come to play church. We come to lead our families into battle. Come on. We're not going to abdicate our responsibility. Listen what Joshua tells his family and and and the nation. In that day, he said, "Now therefore, fear the Lord. Serve him in sincerity and in truth. Put away the gods which your father served on the other side of the flood in Egypt. Serve you the Lord. If it seem evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom you will serve, whether the gods which your fathers served were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites in whose land you dwell. But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." What did he do? He led them to the altar of God. said, "My family's going to stay here at the altar." You say, "Well, I have to be a great forceful man to do that." No, you don't. You don't have to be. We don't lead by force. We lead by example. Brother Brandon told the story about the father was delivering Christmas presents. You all know the story. He He was delivering Christmas presents. everywhere he'd go, he'd get a little bit of eggnog. Yeah. And before long, he got tipsy and he's staggering in the snow going like this. You know, y'all thought it was going to fall off, didn't you? He's just staggering. And when he did, he he said he he's making a crooked path in the snow like this. And his little boy wanted to follow him and help deliver the Christmas presents. And he was following him. He looked back and this little boy was walking like this. He's just following his daddy's footsteps. He couldn't make it on his own. Listen, it's our example that leads our families, not what we say. That's right. It's what we do. Yeah. It's what we do. Our example, we lead our family to the altar by example. See, the greatest man who ever lived was Jesus. He was the example of men. And he said, "Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly in heart." He was not some outspoken, you know, brash He-Man sort of a guy. He was a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. A man who wept at the grave of Lazarus. A man who wept over Jerusalem. Come on. Real men weep for their families. They may be stoic in public for the sake of their wives and their children, but in their hearts, tears are dropping. Real men are moved by the word of God. Moved to action by the word of God. like Shamgar was when he sat there that day and he and he he saw his wives and his family in that that or his wife and his children in that in that condition and he looked at him and he said he said I I there's something in my heart. I know I'm a son of God. The word moved him. I know I'm a son of Abraham and the and the and and the Bible or or I've been taught that that I'll possess the gate of my enemies. So he jumped out in the middle of 600 Philistines with a with an ox goat and beat them all to death. Why? He was moved by the word to a response to the word. Oh, that there could be men in the house of God this morning that could be moved by the word to make a response. It's not muscles. Somebody said he isn't a man. He's got shoulders that wide and arms that big. He said he might be a brute. He might not have an ounce of man in him. You don't judge a man by muscle. You judge a man by character. Amen. You don't judge a man by the callous in his hand, but by the bags in the knees of his pants when he's been praying. Oh God, help me today. I'm preaching to myself, too. I don't mean to make it too heavy for you on Father's Day, but I just want to challenge us. That's what we need today. Some more men like that got real godly, oldfashioned Holy Ghost conviction. I'm gonna preach it myself now. He said, 'Oh, brother, when the weakling's a preacher.' I like the way he put that. When I first saw that, I thought he got that backwards, but he didn't say when the preacher's a weakling. He said, ' But when the weakling's a preacher, got a meal ticket in view. He said, you ought to have the cross in view. Christ in view to know God's going to make you pay for your little sissified ways you're doing. Ouch. God wants men. Yes, that's right. Man's measured by character. Certainly. Big man's a brute. I've seen men that weighed 200 lb didn't have an ounce of man in him. But man is measured by character. So is women measured by character. And if we are sons and daughters of God, what type of character ought we to be? Come on. Oh, that ought to be a challenge to us this morning, church. Listen, men, any man that'll let his wife smoke cigarettes, wear shorts, shows what he's made out of. He's no man. He ain't got an ounce in him. A son of God, the head of the house. That's right. He said, you know, that's the truth. It shows what you're made out of. more concerned about what other people think. What God thinks, right? Man is not measured by muscles. That's beast, brute. Man is measured by character. And if you're a son of God, you're measured by your character. And you're supposed to be the ruler of the house. And God will hold you responsible for what she does. Listen, a real man has got power with God. Yeah. Are you with me now? Jesus was the was so meek and lowly. He was just a little man. Brother say he didn't look like a leader. And he walks onto the shores of Gera. And here's Legion who is a brute. Yeah. Who's broken every chain they put on him. Strength beyond measure in worldly strength. And here comes a little little man that didn't hardly have any strength at all. And he comes over weak from preaching and doing what God called him to do. And he comes by. But he had power with God. And when he come by, Legion lost that struggle. Legion lost that wrestling man. Those that thousand demons lost to the word and the voice of Jesus. Listen, he still loses today. Every demon's got to fall in the name of Jesus. Amen. That's the kind of power I want. I don't want natural power. I want spiritual power with God. Being a man, I know there's preachers who think being a man is just terrorizing your church. That's not what being a man's about. Being a man is about weeping at the altar. Being a man is about the tears that you're crying before you have to say something harsh. Yeah. So many people want this job. I know people want to be a pastor. They want to be an evangelist. They want some job as a preacher. I said, "God, help us." If they knew what it took. If they knew what it took. I have to I sit there and weep over my computer while I'm while I'm preparing these things. I don't I'm just not just emotional about it in the pulpit, but I'm actually emotional about it at home or or in the office when I'm working because I know that I I know what it's going to be to have to stand here and preach to you. And I know I I realize you're the purchase of Jesus Christ. I wouldn't want to say anything to offend you. Wouldn't want to say anything to hurt you. But a real man can weep for the people. A real man can intercede for the people. A real man cares about people. But a priest in the Old Testament, excuse me, I we just got one service today, but I got just a few more minutes and we'll close. But a real priest in the Old Testament, when he went into the Holy of Holies, he went carefully. He didn't just barge in. It'd be his own death if he did. He knew the sins of the people were on his shoulders. So he wore certain clothes, walked a certain way. He had to have on certain clothes. Was made with certain hands. The B had said a peculiar type of clothes. He had to be dressed in such a way. He had a pomegranate and a bell that every time he walked it played holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. He was approaching the mercy seat with the blood. Yeah. And if listen, they were living under the law, they every single item had to be just right. If someone mixed the anointing oil wrong, they would die. If they walked wrong, they would die. If they wore just the wrong mixture of linen or wool in their clothes, they would die. Yes, sir. So, the priest stood for the people. The people could get by with it because of the sacrifice, but the priest couldn't. He had a place of responsibility. So, he had to walk in such a way that it made noise. And but it wasn't just noise for the sake of noise. It was noise with a purpose. Come on. It cried holy, holy, holy to the Lord. Listen to me, young men. That's the way we ought to come to the house of God. I want to challenge you young men. You young men that want to marry a girl, I you you need to be challenged by this this morning. You be a leader. If you can't lead yourself to the altar, you won't be able to lead a a a woman to the altar. If you can't lead yourself to the house of God, you won't be able to lead children and a family to the house of God. You young men sit up here, you remember this. Let it be imprinted in your heart. And you want to be a leader in your home. Lead yourself now to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Find your place at the altar. Find your place in the word of God. Find out what God says a young man ought to be. Lead them to the altar. Yes. I'm so grateful for our young men because we got young men. I believe they've been filled with the Holy Ghost. And I thank you for that. The success of our young marriages. And I know you've had your struggles and things, but I've watched some of our young people get older and get married. And I'm so grateful that they've stayed in the house of God. And you young man, you you take this as a challenge. I want to be a priest in my home. We're going to stay in church. We're going to stay in the house of God. We're not going to let anything shake us where, yeah, you'll have trouble in life. There will be struggles. There'll be fusses and fights and failures. And you'll fail many times, but you got to get back up. Somebody's got to stand guard at the door. Somebody's got to be there to keep the devil out of your house. lead your family to the altar. He had to wear a certain perfume. He had to smell a certain way. And the perfume oil that he wore was the rose of Sharon. Brother Brandham said the rose of Sharon had to be crushed before it could admit it's perfume. So sometimes God will put you through some things. Men, fathers, some of y'all know what I'm talking about. You've been through some things. You've lost some jobs. You've been through some things. You've had to stand when nobody else would stand. You've had to believe the message when others forsook it. You've had to stand for God in the church. You had to stand for God in your home. But God, what was happening? It was crushing you, but it was producing the rose of Sharon was producing an anointing in your life. An ointment in your life. Listen to me, you young men. I know you've been through some things. Some of you been through some things. I I know Peter's dealt with some things. And I I know uh Landon and Trip have dealt with some things. And all these young men, you'll deal with things in life. But let me tell you this. Every time you get crushed, you remember that that's God bringing the anointing out of your life. He's making you to a place where you can walk in and cry, "Holy, holy, holy to the Lord." He won't fail you. Will he fail? Come on, you older men. You men that have been through you older ladies, have he ever failed you? David said, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread." I think we can testify this morning, he has never failed us, though we've failed him many times. But the B said, "The person that's approaching into this holiest of holies has to be anointed with the same Holy Spirit." And as he walks, holy, holy, holy. He wasn't just anointed for himself. Men, when we backslide, and we will, we have a responsibility to come back to the altar. That's right. Because if we don't, our families will suffer. Right. Say, "Well, I know I'm elected. I know God called me and did something for me, but I'm just cold right now." But if you don't come back, your families will suffer. Look what happened when Jacob left Bethl. Jacob left Bethl, went down to another out of the land of Israel. He was called to his daughter got raped. His sons destroyed a whole city of men. Affected their lives for generations. We just went through that because he left Bethl. But there's always Bethl to come back to. When Jacob got done, as we started with Jacob this morning, as Jacob got done, what did he do? He didn't he didn't go and forsake everything. Said, "Well, God didn't didn't keep me." No, he realized he had backsid on God, but he said, "We're going back to Bethl. We're going back to the place where we built an altar at the beginning. Put away your gods. Put away the idols and let's go back to the house of God. Even Ahab as the musicians come, even Ahab went softly when he heard the voice of Elijah say, "You're going to die and your family's going to be destroyed." And the Bible said Ahab, that old hypocrite, believed the word enough that he walked softly before God. He put on sackcloth, walked softly. And God comes to Elijah. He said, "Do you see how he walks softly?" Said it won't happen in his generation. Oh, God. Men, preaching to myself too, fathers, [Music] are you willing to lead your families to the altar? [Music] I don't necessarily mean this altar this morning. I mean the altar of worship. The place where they can find help. Have you put your hands on the lamb on the head of the lamb and identified with it? Does your family have to beg you to come to church or pray with them at home? God help us today. We get so busy providing and protecting. But we are also priests. Today would be a good day to make a commitment as you every head bowed, every eye closed to lead your family to the altar. Would you make that commitment this morning? I thank God for every father who leads his family in worship. Why don't we make a real commitment? If you could do that by just a sign of your up raise hand, say, "Lord, I I want to make a commitment. and no one looking around. God bless those hands. I want to make a commitment today to lead my family to the altar. I'm going to set an example of real fatherhood, express the attribute of God in my life, and I'm going to surrender to the word. I'm going to submit myself to the word. My hands are up this morning. I I want to do that with all of my heart. I want to submit myself to the word. Oh, help me Lord. Help me Lord not to be afraid to go in behind the Holy of Holies. If it causes tears, if it causes the my lips to begin to pour out praise, oh God, let me not be afraid to lead my family. I won't allow Hollywood to affect how how I believe a man ought to be, but I'm going to stand for God in a biblical way and set an example of real fatherhood and a real husband, a real man to my family. I know some of you are not fathers. Maybe your children have passed away or your wife has passed away. Some of you are not not husbands anymore, but you're leading somebody. your experience, your your leadership means something to someone. Won't you just ask him to make you a real example, a real example of fatherhood? You ladies, a real example of motherhood and what a woman ought to be, that image of God that he made you in. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, as we come to the end of the service this morning, I pray God that you'd move in a mighty way. I pray Lord that you'd just you just change our hearts. Oh God, change my heart. Lord, let me lead my family to the altar. Lead, Lord, in whatever capacity I have to influence the people, let me lead them in worship. Oh God, I pray that it would be so. Lord, we we we can't make the individual receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but we can lead them to the place where they can receive it. I pray you'd help us to do it today. Oh God, I pray your Holy Spirit would go down and arrest every every man, every father. Lord, as many times we challenge our fathers, but it's not because we don't love them. It's because we know that that's where the the home begins. I pray God you'd help us to to stand firm in our place today. Oh God, we love you today. We thank you. I thank you for these real men of God who stood over the years, Lord. Stood for you. That's the reason there's a church here this morning. A place, an altar. We can come and worship God. Let us build, Lord. That That's what we're called to do. Let us build this altar. Make it a place, oh God, where your presence is, where the fire can fall. Oh God, may this message be the fire of our hearts, the zeal of our hearts, the zeal of the hour. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Now, you're a priest this morning. We're going to close in just a minute, but you're a priest. Let's just enter in. Let's just pour out the sacrifice of praise in our singing, in our worship. Let's just let's just do it to him this morning. Worship him. We don't care about who's around us. We're not going to be self-conscious in worship, but we're going to be conscious of you, Lord. Hallelujah. Sing it together now if you want to stand with us. God bless you this morning. Of it all. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. For from you are all things. To you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. Oh, can you sing it with all your heart now? You You're worthy of of it all. Glory to God. You're worthy of it all, Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus. You are worthy worthy of it all. Thank you, Lord. For from you are all things. Oh, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Let's sing with all our hearts now. The altar's open if you need prayer. You are worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Oh, we thank you, Lord. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy are you, Lord. Oh, I love you this morning, Lord Jesus. For from you are all things. Oh, to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, you are worthy. Glory of it all. Of it all. Is he worthy this morning? Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, hallelujah. We love you, Lord Jesus. You're worthy of my praise this morning, Lord. Come you all are all things to you are all things. Oh glory to God deserve the glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We sing gratitude. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't you just love him this morning? I hate to just close right away. I believe his presence is here. here. If you have a need this morning, just lift it up to him. I believe he's here. He's right in his position this morning. What do you have need of? He's here to meet that need. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. Thank you, Lord. Nothing else. Oh, I'm grateful Jesus. I thank you this morning except for a heart singing hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. And I know it's not much. Oh yes. I've done nothing else fit for a king. Oh yes. Lord said I thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for the blood. Thank you for mercy, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for that scarlet thread. Thank you for your love to us this morning. Oh, and hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, my words fall. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've got nothing new. I've got nothing new. Hallelujah. How could I express? So my oh my gratitude. Oh, thank you Lord. All my words fall short. Hallelujah. I've got nothing. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. How could I express all my gratitude? Back to the chorus now. I'll throw up my hands. Oh, so I throw up my hands. So I'll praise you again and again. Oh, thank you, Lord. You're good, God. You're a good God. Hallelujah. I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. And I know it's not much. Oh, but there's nothing else fit for a king. Hallelujah. Oh, except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Come on my soul. Oh, sing it now. Come on my soul. Hallelujah. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up church. We worship him this morning. You got a lion inside of those ly [Music] to God. We love you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Come on my soul. Oh don't you get sh on me. Hallelujah. Oh you got a lion in his child of love. Glory. So get up and praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh thank you Lord. So I'll throw up my hands. I'll praise you again and again. Hallelujah. Because all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Oh, and I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else pitful for thee. Except for a heart single [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Real quietly now. Real quiet. I want you to hear yourself singing. Sing it now with all your heart. I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Oh, all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] And I know it's not much, but I have nothing else in him. Oh, I don't have anything to give you. Lord, my heart single. [Applause] [Music] Well, they play it softly. Why don't you just give him the fruit of your lips? Oh Lord, we pour out our praise to you today. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, you're so good to us, Lord, just to entertain us by your presence and come here, Lord, and just sit down in the cool of the evening and come near us, Lord. We're so thankful, Lord. We don't take it for granted today that you made a way back to the Garden of Eden. Oh, that we could have that feeling of sins forgiven that Adam and Eve couldn't even know. I'm so thankful, Lord Jesus. I love you. I worship you today, Lord. Let the fruit of my lip, let the let let everything that I do, everything that I say, the thoughts of my heart, the meditation to my heart, Lord, may it be pleasing in your sight, oh God. Oh, we thank you, Lord. We love you this morning. We thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So I throw up my hands. So I throw up my hands. Hallelujah. And praise you again and again. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Just give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Isn't he lovely? Lord, you're worthy. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, he's worthy this morning. Hallelujah. His presence is here, church. We just open up to it. Oh Lord, you're worthy this morning. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We love you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh we love you Lord Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you for visiting us again Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Oh we love you Lord Jesus. Oh forgive me church. I just Hallelujah. Oh, he's real to us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we sing Jesus? Jesus. There's just something about that name before we go. Let's not leave his presence here. Let's take it with us. Let's walk softly before it. And if we've got anything to repent of, just say, "Lord, I'm sorry. I'm coming in but offer my sacrifice of praise about that name. Hallelujah. Oh, you're my master. Hallelujah. Say Jesus. Oh, you're so good, Lord. Like the fragrance. Oh, I thank you, Lord. after the rain. [Music] Oh, you are Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus. Hallelujah. Jesus all heaven and earth proclaim kings and kingdoms they'll all pass away. Kings kings and and kingdoms will all pass away. God bless you this morning, brother Joel. Come. But there's something hallelujah about. Oh, we thank you Lord Jesus. That name [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] There's just something about that name. [Music] He's my master, Savior. Jesus like the fragrance after the rain. Oh Jesus, [Music] Jesus, [Music] Jesus. [Music] Let all heavens and earth proclaim [Music] that kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But there's something about that name. And I'm learning to lean. I'm learning to lean. Oh, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. We're finding more power than I've ever dreamed. Oh, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. [Music] I'll sing it again now. I'm learning, learning to lead. Oh, I'm learning how to lead. Well, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. [Music] And we're finding more power than I ever dreamed. Oh, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? [Music] Did you enjoy the word of the Lord this morning? Amen. Aren't you thankful for that? That's a challenge to us to Amen. lead our families to the altar. Aren't you thankful you did it this morning? Amen. I believe God's just going to move for us. And we're going to sing this one here just before we go. Amen. God is going to finish. Well, God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he started in you. God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he started in you. I know that God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he one more time. I know that God is going to finish. Well, even though the waters got to be parted, lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he started in you. Do you believe he's going to do it this morning? Amen. Give the Lord one more hand clap of praise. Amen. Fill my way with love as we go now in the key of G. Amen. God bless you. Happy Father's Day. Amen. We'll see you Wednesday night. No service this afternoon. Amen. Let's just sing this as you go now. Well, let me walk. Blessed Lord in the way thou hast gone, leading straight to the land above. Oh, giving cheer everywhere to the sad. Fill my way every day with love.
