################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - Quickening Power in the Body Easter Service Benjamin Pruitt 4202025 - Benjamin Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    "Quickening Power in the Body" Easter Service Benjamin Pruitt 4/20/2025
Speaker:  Benjamin Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=je7WRHbpOdk
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Welcome everybody to the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Just enter in and sing with us. If you want to go ahead and stand with us, let's sing that song key of G I'm going through. My voice is a little weak this morning. So y'all going to have to help me sing on Easter. time to jump in and worship with us. Amen. Lord, I have started to walk in the light shineing upon me from heaven so bright of this world and its follyies do. I've started with Jesus and I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'm going through. I'll pay the price. Whatever others do. And I'll take the way with the Lord's despise you. I've started in Jesus and I'm going through. Oh, there are many who start in the race but with the light refuse to keep pace. Others accept it because it is new. Not very many expect to go through, but I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take away with the Lord's despise you. I've started in Jesus and I'm going through. I'd rather walk with Jesus alone and have for a pillow like Jacob a stone. Live in each moment with his face in view. Then shrink from my pathway and fill with all our hearts. And I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price for whatever others do. And I'll take away with the Lord's desire. I've started in Jesus. Why don't you turn around and greet your neighbor the name of the Lord? [Music] Everybody clap your [Music] hands. Last verse. And oh brother, now will you take up the cross? Give up this world and count it as straws. Sell all thou has and give to the poor. Then go and those who endure. Yes, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price of whatever others do and I'll take the way with the Lord's response to you. I've started in Jesus and I'm going through. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Everybody's singing good. Just want to take time welcome in our visitors with us. Amen. Just appreciate you coming by this morning. Let's sing that song if we could. We've got the power. Amen. Got the key of G. Amen. Oh, give me your hand now. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. For whatever we bind on earth, it shall be found in heaven. And at the name of [Music] Jesus, Satan has to [Music] flee. Oh, we've got the [Music] power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the [Laughter] Lord. Though Satan [Music] raes, we will not be defeated. [Music] We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Last [Music] verse. For many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. [Music] of the bride of Jesus. Lord, we're still alive. Like a mighty army, we keep maring [Music] onward, winning every battle. Cuz the Lord's on our side with all our hearts. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, Satan rages. We will not be defeated. We've got the power in the name of Can we lift our hands and sing it to him once again? Oh, we got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And those sat [Music] raes we will not be defeated. Oh, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. Give him a hand. He's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive. You thankful he's alive this morning. Oh, he's alive. And well, he's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Music] Oh, he's the same yesterday, today and forever. Jesus is alive once again as the ushers come. Oh, he's [Music] alive. And well, he's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday, today. today and forever. Jesus is alive and [Music] well. Amen. Thankful we serve a living God this morning. Amen. We just got We don't have any written uh written request. We do have one written request from Brother Toby. Amen. He he wrote in a request to pray for everyone in the storms today. Amen. So that's from my brother Toby, just a young boy there. So just thankful he's wanting to call on the Lord during a time of trouble, be praying for those. Amen. We know the Lord is able to protect us and keep us safe. Amen. Amen. Maybe this morning if you have an unspoken request, if you just want to make it known by the uplifting of your hands, ask our brother David, take these needs for us. Our heavenly father, Lord, we come before you this morning, Lord, just this Easter morning, Lord, just praising your name, Lord, and thankful that you rose from the grave and alive and well, still among us, Lord. Still the same God, Lord, yesterday, today, and forever. Just thank you for this time together, Lord, with friends and family, Lord. We just bring this service to you, Lord, and just want to ask you to come down, Lord, and take control and just bless speak through our brother Ben this morning, Lord. Just bless him. Move upon him, Lord, as he speaks the word, Lord, the different requests, Lord, as by the uplifted hands, Lord, that you know each need. Just move among them. Bless them, Lord, and just give them from your riches of your grace to them today, Lord. The ones in the storm, Lord, of storms today, Lord. Just pray you just keep your hand upon everyone, Lord. Just be with us now, Lord. Just anoint our service, Lord. May we worship you, Lord, from the depths of our heart to this morning, Lord. We're just thanking you Lord for your love, your grace Lord in our lives Lord. Just appreciate you. Just have you come down among us now in Jesus name. Amen. You can be seated as the ushers come by. Blood stays. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains, they were made there just for me. Oh, for all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. [Music] When I need healing, I just claim. Let's sing it again as Sister Nolley and Sister Esther make their way. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. [Music] Those preious blood stains, they were made there just for [Music] me. For all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I just claim. And can we lift our hands and sing it to him again? Are you thankful for the blood this morning? Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains, they were made there just for [Music] me. For all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I just claim those precious blood saints. Amen. We've got several requests this morning um for Sister Nolley and Sister Esther. Then Sister Millie has had a request to sing. I don't see her back in here yet. Amen. And then Sister Al. This Sister Millie makes more sense. I thought it was Millie. Little Millie. Amen. And so after them, Sister Millie, if you would if you'd sing for [Music] [Music] us above all powers. powers above all kings, above all nature and all created things. Above all wisdom and all the ways of men. You were here before the world began. Crucified, laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose. trampled on the ground. He took the fall and thought of me above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonders the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what [Music] norified. Laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose. Trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought to me above all. You took the fall and thought of [Applause] me above all. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. Bearing all my sin and shame in love. You came and gave amazing praise. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is a lamb seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious high and lifted up. Jesus, son of [Music] God, the darling of heaven, crucified, worthy is a lamb. Worthy is a lamb. is a lamb seated on the Lord. We crown you now as many crowns. We reign victorious high and lifted up. Jesus, son of [Music] God, the darling of heaven, crucified. Worthy is a lamb. Worthy is a lamb. [Music] Worthy is a lamb. [Music] [Applause] [Music] There is a blood that cost a life that paid my way. Death it price. And when it flowed down from the cross, my sins were gone. My sins forgot. There is a grave that tried to hide this precious blood that gave me life. [Music] But in three days he breathed again and rose to stand in my defense. So I come to tell you he's alive. to tell you that he dries every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood that sides the blind that heals the [Music] sickly find. It has the power to free the bar. So poor and easy when glory flow because it lives to make me whole. I owe my life. I own my all. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he dries every tear that falls. Oh, and I've come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood that sites the blind that heals the sick. [Music] the lonely find. It has the power to free the bound as chains they fall upon the ground. So pour it out and cleanse my soul and let it liquid gloryy flow because he [Music] liv. I owe my life. I owe my all. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you that he dries every tear that falls. all. So I come to tell you that he saves, to shout, and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. Oh, what can wash away my sins? Nothing. [Music] Oh, nothing. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. So I come to tell you he's alive. to tell you that he tries every tear that [Music] falls. So I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood [Applause] Amen. You thankful for the blood this morning. Amen. Let's go ahead and stand. Let's sing that song. My life is in your hands. We invite our pastor to come this morning. Amen. You just feel the presence of the Lord this morning. Amen. Such a wonderful day to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. You don't have to worry and don't you be [Music] afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles they don't last always. For there's a friend named Jesus who will wipe your tears away. [Music] And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand." Oh, no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. With Jesus, I can take it. With him, I know I can stand. And oh, no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. And when your test and trials, they seem to bring you down. And all your friends and loved ones are nowhere to be found. Remember the tears of friend named Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just live. Can we lift our hands to him this morning? Oh, I know that I can make it. [Music] Oh, no matter what may come my way. Oh, my life is in your hand. Singing now. Oh, Jesus I can take it. Oh, with him I know I can say. Oh, no matter what may come my way. Oh, my life is in your hand. Oh, give him a hand of praise if you believe life is in his hand. Amen. Let's bow our heads together for a word of prayer. Maybe you'd like to be remembered this morning while we're preaching the word. And maybe there's something in your life that you just you have a need and something that you believe God can do it, but it just needs to be done. We know he sees every heart, knows every reason behind every lifted hand this morning. Heavenly Father, I pray God that you just move in a mighty way. Lord, move me out of the way. Speak to your people. Lord, I I I'm not sufficient in myself to know what to say, but Lord, you can do it. And I thank you that my life is in your hands, Lord. Lord, I surrender myself into your will in your way today. I pray, God, that you'd you'd bless every person sitting here, Lord. Pray you'd take care of every need, Lord. You know how to meet that need. I don't I would if I could, Lord, but I don't know how. But you do, Lord. you can speak a word in due season, Lord, to the right person at the right time. I pray you'd grant that today. There's a reason why we're here. And I pray that we would fulfill that predestinated purpose this morning. We thank you for all that you've done. We love you. We appreciate your presence in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Good to be with each and every one of you this morning. Uh we just uh always enjoy Easter service and being in the house of God on Easter and being with one another on Easter. We'll just have the one service today. So I'll try to maybe not hurry, but we won't keep you all day either. I know you've got dinner plans and things as well. It's good to have our visitors with us. God bless you today. Uh it's good to have Sister Luella. I saw you and Sister Lillian back there. God bless you. Thank you for being here today. And uh each one of you, Jaden back with us. God bless you and Isabella and each one of you that are here. God bless our visitors over here and we're just thankful the Lord has allowed us to be together. I know there's uh uh several out today traveling and different things. We just pray God's blessings on them as well. We're going to turn to Matthew chapter 28 and verse 1. Read from Matthew 28 1-6 and then Romans 8:11. Matthew 28 and1 and Romans 8:11 it says in Matthew 28:1 in the end of the Sabbath as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sephiler and behold there was a great earthquake For the angel of the Lord descended from heaven and came and rolled back the stone from the door and sat upon it. His countenance was like lightning, his arignment white as snow. And for fear of him the keepers did shake and became as dead men. And the angel answered and said unto the women, "Fear not ye, for I know that you seek Jesus which was crucified. He is not here." Aren't you glad for that truth this morning? For he is risen as he said, "Come see the place where the Lord lay." And then Romans chapter 8 and verse 11. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. I pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated this morning. I want to speak to you on quickening power in the body. Our Lord Jesus was born into this world as a human. He didn't come as a superhuman of some kind, some kind of angel, some with some kind of superpower, but he was born into the world. He was born without sin, but he came and bore our sin. The Bible says he hath made him to be sin for us. Oh, that ought to that ought to make us shout this morning. That ought to make us happy that he said heath made him to be sin for us who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. In other words, he was created to for the purpose of taking on our sin. He who was sinless that we might be made or created the righteousness of God in him. He was a man when he was born in a manger, helpless. He was a man when he cried at the tomb of Lazarus as that's always been pointed out that he was a man at that time. But he was more than a man when he stood at the grave and he said, "Lazarus, come forth." And a man that had been dead for three days walked out of the tomb. He he was a man when he was sleeping in the boat, as we talked about a couple of weeks ago. But he was more than a man when he stood and put his his foot upon the the bow of the boat and he said, "Peace be still." Yes, sir. He was a man when he lived and and he lived and and died in complete submission to his father. Sir, but he never said, "Thus sayaeth the Lord." Did you know that Jesus never said, "Thus sayaith the Lord." Because he was the Lord. He was God in flesh, the God man. Every bit of man and every bit God. Amen. He was a man when he died on Calvary for a sacrifice for us, taking our sins away. The blood running out of him like any mortal would spit hanging all over his beard where they'd spit on him. He was a man disgraced standing there hanging in shame, taking my place. He was a man when the pains got so great till he cried out, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" You imagine the one who had had the closest communion with God that there had ever been on the earth was the son of God as he was on the earth. And yet he had cried out, "Brother Danny, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" He was a man when he cried and when he died, but he was more than a man when he rose up three days later and he come up out of the grave proving he was God. It was God in him. It was the spirit of God in that man. Hallelujah. He proved on Easter morning that he was more than a man. Easter proves that the that that what we believe is not just a story, but it's a reality. He didn't remain in the tomb, but he's alive forever more. That's the the basic story of Christianity. He had the spirit of God in him. And in 2 Corinthians 5:1 17, he says, "Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature." We're going to come back to the scripture later. He said, "Old things are passed away. Behold, all things," someone say, all things are become new. And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation to that God was in Christ. This is the min ministry of reconciliation, the gospel of the kingdom. That God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself. Not imputing, oh, I'm so glad. Not imputing their trespasses unto them. It means not putting it to their account, not counting it to them, not counting their trespasses or their sins unto them, and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. He was born without sin. We were born shaped by sin, yet he took our sin upon himself. Thank you, Lord. In Romans 7, Paul talks about the struggle of a believer and that every one of us have with the flesh, the human part. And again, Jesus was born without sin. And yet in many things, in fact, the Bible says in all things, in all points, he was tempted like we are. And we find that we live in a body that has certain things that cause us to uh do certain things. And and you know, if people speak to you in a certain way, your feelings get hurt. And you you might prepare yourself for that and try everything, but you you got a body, you got a spirit, you got a flesh that it gets hurt. And you build complexes and things happen and because we're human and and and we get sideways with one another and cross with one another because we're human. It's very human to do that. In fact, even in our own selves, Paul says, "I find a law that when I would do good, evil is present with me." So whenever I want to try to do the right thing and I try to live for the Lord, and I do every bit as good as I can do, and yet it seems like the devil's right there to try to take that away from me and and try to bring me down. That's his job, isn't it? We heard about it. But I want to discourage the devil today. I want to give the devil some anxiety and and get make him nervous this morning because we know that he is overcome by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimony. He we are overcomers this morning. We are not some weak people that cannot overcome that have to give in to every whim and every wow of the devil. But we have the mind of Christ to know what to do with the word and how to live in our present situation. Amen. He said, "I find then a law. When I would do good, evil is present with me. For I delight in the law of God after the inward man, but I see another law in my members, in my flesh, waring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin, which is in my members." And he says, "Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death?" And the image there is of a man. They would actually take a condemned prisoner. And one one of the ways they would kill a man is they would take a dead man and strap him, chain him to a live man. And the live the the dead body would actually cause the live person to die. It's a gruesome thing, but it's one of the ways that they actually would would punish a person because it would just cause the the flesh of the of the dead man would rot and things and it would cause the the the live man to be infected. And here I have a live man, a new creature in Christ. And it seems like that old dead man is just wrapped around it. and seems like he's just always he's always there and he's always giving me trouble and he's always making me sick or he's always making me worried or he's always making me doubt the word. But I'm here to tell you today, you don't have to give into that. You don't have to. Come on, church. What does Paul say? He said, he said, "Who shall deliver me from the body of this death?" But I'm so glad he didn't stop there. But he said, "I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord." So then with the mind I serve the law of God, but with the flesh the law of sin, right? But Paul goes on, he doesn't stop there. You know, the chapters we put are for ease of memorization and things in the Bible, but Paul's writing a letter. He doesn't stop with chap with verse 25, but he goes on to chapter 8. He said, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit." So, it's telling us that the flesh is not an excuse to to live any way we want to. But there is no condemnation to those. You can live in a in a way that causes you to be free from sin. Not because you'll never make a mistake, but because the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses you from all sin. And you can live in such a way till the devil don't even know what to do with you. And when your feet get up in the morning, it makes the devil tremble. We don't teach a weak gospel, but a strong one. We don't teach a weak blood, but a strong one. We don't teach a powerless God, but a powerful God. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Now, he said, "To them which are in Christ Jesus, there's no condemnation, no, no, no judgment. To them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit." For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus, listen, has made me free from the law of sin and death. Right? Here was this law of sin working in my members, but he's made me free from it. Not that the flesh would be saved. We know there will come and we'll get to that maybe later. There will come a change of the body. But but yet here I I while I'm here, I can live like a Christian. I can do what God wants me to do. No matter what my past was, no matter what my family history was, no matter what I come out of, because if any man be in Christ, he's a new creature. And if anybody would know that, Paul would. He knew what he was. He knew he was a murderer. He knew what his past was. He knew what he had been through. But he knew that the grace of God could save him from sin. Completely bring him new again. Amen. What's the word we preach? A power not that we have to excuse sin, but we believe in a blood that cleanses from sin. Makes you walk different. Hallelujah. I believe God can do that on an Easter Sunday. Don't you? Don't you believe God? Some of you are witnesses today that God can do that. Sister Stephanie's a witness. Brother Trip's a witness. Sister Anna's a witness. I remember the Easter Sunday. Sister Anna come down to the altar and gave her heart to the Lord when Emma was just a little bitty girl. I remember it. I can remember that morning cuz God changed her life and made her new. And he's still the same God this morning. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. You don't have to give in to suicide. You don't have to give in to depression. You don't have to give in to the things of the world. You don't have to give in say, "Well, my life is hopeless." There's a blood that can change you this morning and make you new. Hallelujah. For what the law could not do. I've got this. I had this made right here. Son-in-law made it for me and it's it's back on my wall. For the He said what the law could not do and that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh. And for sin condemned sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is enmity against God. So you don't want to remain a carnal believer. You don't want to remain a person who just remains in that condition. And you say, "Well, I know Jesus raised from the dead, but but here I'm fighting my flesh and I just I'm just staying here and I'm just going to live here." You don't want to live in that place. a carnal mind who's immity against God. You'll come to church and you'll be under such conviction. You'll say, "Well, I just don't want to go back anymore." That's not the answer. The answer is to surrender to the word and say, "Lord, let fill me with your spirit so I can live the right kind of a life." That's right. That's good. He said, "So then, they that are in the flesh cannot please God, but you are not in the flesh." Thank you, Hallelujah. but in the spirit. If so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. He said, "Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his." And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also, and this is what we're going to approach now this morning, he will also quicken, that's make alive, your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth. Amen. In you. Amen. It will quicken. He will quicken your mortal bodies. A mortal body is a literally a body subject to death. He will quicken your body subject to death and make it live. Ephesians 2 and1 tells us now we know he's not just talking about the resurrection because there will be a resurrection of the body. But that's not what he's talking about in its entirety here. He's talking about a quickening that takes place in the soul that causes you to have uh a dominion over the works of the flesh. Ephesians 2:1, he said, "And you hath he quickened." We could read that. Me hath he quickened, right? "Me hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins, wherein in time past you walked according to the course of this world." Everybody thinks they got to do everything the world does. Well, that's what people do before they're quickened. That's right. Right. And we don't condemn the sinner because the sinner just does what sinner what a sinner does. But once a person's been quickened, things change. Right. Once they've been made alive, things change. Hallelujah. So before the quickening, you are bound by the laws the the law of nature and the law of sin. But after the quickening, you can do all things through God who strengthens you. How many believe that today? And it's not that you don't deal with the flesh anymore, but there is a power within you that if you surrender to it, it can grow to a spot until you you actually have dominion over that flesh. So he said, "Wherein in time past you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, that's Satan, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all." Right? So we don't condemn the sinner because we were all that way. That's right. We all had our lifestyle, our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind. And we're by nature the children of wrath even as others. But God, oh, I love this verse. I I can just read this scripture and be happy this morning because I know it's written by by the inspiration of God. But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us. Aren't you glad he's rich in mercy today. He's not poor. He's not waiting to dole it out in little measures, but he's willing to give you all the mercy you need to be able to live a victorious life. Thank you, Lord. even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ. So, as Christ is raised, we're raised with him. By grace you are saved, and hath raised us up together. Notice he says, "Hath raised us past tense and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. He has quickened our mortal bodies." Brother Brandon puts it this way. He said, "If it dwells in your mortal bodies, now watch it also quickens, brings to life, makes it subject to the word." What word? The Bible. The word of God. That's right. Are you with me now? Because what we believe is the Bible. The word for our day. That's right. The word revealed for our day. So, he quickens you to the what the word says if his spirit dwells in you. Now, we know that that quickening is a quickening spirit. In fact, Paul says in 1 Corinthians 15:45 that the first man, Adam, was made a living soul. But the last Adam, was made a quickening spirit, a quickening spirit, a living spirit, a spirit that makes alive. And it was that quickening spirit in the body of the son that raised him from the dead. It was the quickening spirit in my body, in your body, that brought you from death to life. And it'll be that same quickening spirit that changes your body one day. 1 Corinthians 15:51, "Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump. For the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed." I'm just, you can call me crazy if you want to, but I'm just crazy enough to believe that God keeps his word. If he raised Jesus from the dead, he'll also raise these mortal bodies, quicken us one day, and change our bodies. Paul said, "We won't all fall asleep. We won't all go to the grave, but some of us will be alive. I I want to be one of those. Right? And if it's not me, let it be my children. If not them, then their children. But until that day, let me be awake and ready for him to come, watching for his coming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, so he says in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound, the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. Brother Brandham calls this quickening power. This quickening spirit is quickening power. The power to give life to dead things. You can go to John chapter 1 and he said in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. And he said he gave them power to become to them that believed on his name. He gave them power to become the sons of God. Right? And that was the quickening power that come in us to become the sons and daughters of God. Aren't you glad for that this morning? None of our own efforts. Right. Right. Not not by efforts. You can't make yourself a son or daughter of God, but by his choosing and by his quickening power. So all you got to do is surrender to it, church. It's not working it up. It's not trying to You say, "Well, I didn't have an experience like this person did." That's not what it's about. But it's about the quickening power coming in and changing your life and seeing that you're what you were and what you are today. Amen. How you've changed. Power gives life to dead things. Now, if you go to 2 Kings chapter 13 and verse 20, and this is where my thought come from this morning as I was just pondering these things through the week. And I read a quote last week that reminded me of these things. And in 2 Kings 13:20, we find the prophet Elisha died and they buried him. And the bands of the Moabites invaded the land at the coming end of the year. Now Elijah's life had been a a series of of lifegiving events. He had he he had especially with the Shounomite woman. He he'd given life to you know they didn't have a baby and she'd give him a place to stay and he told his servants said find out what she wants. And he said you know he said they say they don't want anything but they they've been all their life and you live together and they don't have a baby. He said well God's going to give them a baby. And he prophesied that to him and the baby was born. And then about uh you know about uh about 12 years later we know the baby died. But but there was such quickening power that the baby was raised again. But let's go back to second Kings 13 21. Now Elisha is dead. So he's had that kind of a miraculous ministry. A double portion of what Elijah had. Elisha had remember Elijah is a type of Christ but Elisha is a type of the bride of the church, the true church, right? because that's what uh that's the ones that uh go by way of the grave. One went up into the heaven, one went by way of the grave. And yet they both made it. So Elisha had that quickening power. The same quickening power that took Elijah up in a chariot of fire was the same quickening power, quickening spirit that caused Elisha when he was laying in the grave. Now it said it came to pass as they were beyond men and they cast a man into the septic of Elisha. And when the man was let down and touched the bones of Elisha, he revived and stood up on his feet. Now, there's there's something almost comical about this story cuz these guys are running for their life, right? And they come across a grave and they're carrying a dead man. They want to bury him. You know, give him a good burial, but you know, that all kind of goes away when you're about to die yourself, you know? They're getting chased by a bunch of Moabites. So they take the dead men to carry and say, "Well, here's a tomb. Bury him here and throw him in." And when they throw him in, he stands up. Hey guys, come. You know, you see him running and he's running after him. You know, wait for me. You were dead for hours. What happened to you? Well, oh my. What happened is he touched the bones of a dead prophet. Now you think about it. That prophet had to have been there for at least two years. For all the flesh to be gone, it'd be just bones. Just bones was all that was left of him. And here he was with just the bones. The spirit was gone. The soul was gone. The body was gone. All that was left was the bones of Elisha. And yet there was enough power in them bones. Yes. Hallelujah. When a dead man touched him, come on now. He come back to life. Now, that's not superstition. That's the Bible. So, we find then that that's that was the same power that was in Elisha's ministry. Remember in how the baby was raised up. You remember the baby that the the Shunimite woman come remember when the when when he died, he went out when he was 12 years old with his father in the field. He had a heat stroke and he died and and she laid him in the upstairs bedroom in Elijah's Elisha's bedroom and she run she got on her donkey and she went just as fast as she could for the man of God. And her husband said, "Why are you going to church today?" He said, "There's it's not a new moon or a holy day. It's not Christmas or Easter and you're here. You're going to church." And she said, "It is well." So she heads on up to the to the place where Elisha was. And and when she gets there, he sees her a little ways off. And he said, he said, "Go find out what's wrong with her." He said, "Because I don't know. The Lord has hid it from me." And here she come. And and the servant asked her, said, "Is everything okay? Is everything all right?" And she said, "All is well." Why? She'd reached the prophet. She knew everything was going to be all right because she believed that he was a man of God. That there was something. It was more than a man that was there. He was just a normal man who lived and died like everybody else. But there was a God in that man. Hallelujah. Remember our text. If that same spirit that dwelt in Christ dwell in you, it'll quicken your mortal bodies. If that same spirit that dwelled in Elijah dwelled in Elisha, it would quicken this boy. That's right. She believed it. But she had faith in in a certain way. And many times we criticize how someone is saved or someone is healed, but it's just whatever way you your faith works. Some people work by laying on of hands. Others you can just speak to them and they hear it preached and immediately they're healed or they're saved. Others they have to study in the scripture and they're more tuned that way and they can be saved just by or heal maybe by reading the word or whatever that it is or by prayer. But there's different ways that people come to God. And here we know that that Elijah or Elisha sent uh Gahhesi back with his staff, laid his staff on the child, but she didn't have any faith in the staff. She wanted the prophet. So finally the prophet came and the Bible says that when Elisha was come into the house 2 Kings 4:32 behold the child was dead and laid upon his bed. He went in therefore and shut the door upon them twain and prayed unto the Lord. He went up and lay upon the child, put his mouth upon his mouth, his eyes upon his eyes, his hands upon his hands, and he stretched himself upon the child, and the flesh of the child waxed warm. What was it? Quickening power in the body. And I'm going somewhere this morning. Quickening power in the body of Elisha that caused that baby to come back to life, that young man. He said, "Then he returned and walked in the house to and fro and went up and stretched himself upon him, and the child sneezed seven times, and the child opened his eyes." Brother Brandham said, "When when Elisha called on a case where there was a prophet, there laid a dead baby walked up and down the floor. What was it? man walking but all at once he felt the anointing come on him and he stretched himself across the baby and he sneezed seven times and come to life. What was that? God in his people. Right? So that quickening power was not only in Christ but it had been in the prophets. Now Elisha died and again it took about two years before a person becomes just bones. His flesh was completely gone, but the quickening power was still in the body even though it had gone back to the dust. And what was happening is he was waiting on the resurrection. So a dead man thrown on top of those bones, he come back to life. A man, think about it now just deeply for a moment. A man that was buried with a prophet came back to life. But let me tell you who you're buried with today. Come on, church. The Bible says we are buried by baptism into Christ. So we are not buried with a prophet, but we Hallelujah. We are buried with Christ. Romans 6 and4. Therefore, we are buried with him by baptism. Oh, come on. They threw a dead body into Oh, hallelujah. Into the water. And you come up out of the water and you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Quickening power came in. Glory to God. Therefore, we are buried with him by baptism into death. That like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father, even so we also should walk in newness of life, buried with him in baptism, wherein also you are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God who hath raised him from the dead. You got to die to yourself. You got to die to your old ways, die to the old man. Listen, it's not the baptism that saves you. But when you're buried with him, you come up because you touch the quickening power by faith in his word. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Buried with him in baptized wherein also you are in baptism wherein also you are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God who hath raised him from the dead. We have been raised with him. Right? There was quickening power in the body and that same quickening power quickens these mortal bodies and they are made subject to the word. Now I want to talk to you just a little bit on Easter Sunday morning. I want us to understand that we we don't use excuses when it comes to the gospel. If if I can't live it, it's not the gospel's fault, right? It's not the quickening power's fault. I just need to surrender to it more. Right? It's not. And so we don't make excuses for that. And yet we condemn nobody. But we make no excuses. Are you with me now? Because we realize anybody can be quickened to life. But we're not going to make any excuses for the way a person is. Because Paul says, "Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. The word is new creation. Old things are passed away. Behold, all things are become new. And think of it, you're not then then not yourself. You're a new creature. The Greek means a new creation. You've been recreated again. The power of God comes upon you and you become created a new creature which brings the whole physical being, spiritual being and everything in subject to the word of God. Not no other way. Now, now think about it. If you really believed that, if you really understood that sickness comes in the body, right? And it and the devil has a right to that's the world we live in to bring sickness on the body, but we don't have to let it stay there, right? And you say, "Well, the s I still feel sick." But if you believe your sickness can leave you. Well, how do you know that? And and and it's not that a person would never be sick or would never have to deal with that. It may take a day. It may be instant. It may take a year. It may take a 25 years like Abraham took to receive the promise. But if you believe, you can have what you believe. Why? Because the quickening the body is subject to the quickening power. See, your body can be when when when you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, your body can become subject to your words. That's why we don't say, "I'm I'm not a Christian." Right? We don't say, "I'm I'm a bad I, you know, I'm I'm a kind of a bad Christian. I don't do what I should and all this stuff." If if you're if you're not where you should be, confess it and move on, right? Don't dwell in that place. Cuz when you put yourself down all the time, what you're doing is you're making your body obey your confession. But if you would say, "I'm covered by the blood of Jesus Christ. Yes, I've made mistakes, but they're under the blood. Things are different now from what they were." And anytime the devil tries to bring condemnation on you, what do you do? you speak in your body becomes what you speak. Amen. I know that sounds crazy, but that's what the scripture teaches that whatever you ask. He said, "In my name, you can have it." Are you with me now? But it only works when we surrender to his spirit in us. That's not our power that does that. That's right. It's his spirit in us. So, our bodies become subject to the word. So, but it just doesn't work with healing. But it also works with uh with habits, with things that come in our life. You say, "Well, I just can't do it. I just can't live the word. I can't live according to the Bible." I'm here to tell you this morning, yes, you can. Yes, you can. How do you know that, brother Ben? Because I know that I can because he said I can do all things through him that strengthens me. He wouldn't give me a word and tell me to live it and then leave me in a place where I couldn't do it. But he said, "I'm going to pour my spirit out on you." He told the disciples, he said, "Don't," he he he said, "don't go out and testify right away." He said, "You're going to be witnesses to me, but go up into Samaria Maria." He said, "Go into the temple and wait there until you're endued with power from on high." Are you with me now? So, we have to have that same experience. Now, for Paul says, see, this is how we get in the body. The power is in the body, right? That's why I know people don't want to have church no more. don't want to come to church and things, but the power is in the body. That's right. Right. That's in the body. It's a spirit. And they say trying to separate. Why? Because it knows when there's more licks of fire get together, there's a bigger flame. Brother Brandon said, "You can't be as good a Christian and not go to church." Right? The Bible tells us that not to not forsake the assembling of ourselves together. You're all here this morning, so I'm not preaching at you. But but but why are we told that? Because the power is in the body. The power is in these bodies individually and in this body collectively, not just this church, but the body of Christ all around the world. Right? But when we gather together, he said where two or three are gathered together in my name, there will I be in the midst of them. That's a promise. We can take it to the bank. We can we can we can stake our soul on that. If he said that he would be here, then he is here this morning because we're gathered in his name. And wherever he is, all things are possible. Now, see, but how do we get in the body? By one spirit. 1 Corinthians 12:13. Are we all baptized into one body? Someone say with me, one body. Right? That's why we don't we don't sit around talking about other churches and running them down. And other believers, we don't run them down. We're baptized into how many bodies? One body. Right? We're just a part of the body. We're not all of it. We're just a part of the body in Hardy, Arkansas. But if there's a church across town that believes these things, they're a part of the body. If there's a church around the world that believes what the Bible teaches, they're part of the body. Are you with me now? So, we are all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have been all made to drink into one spirit. Romans 8:1 said, "After," Brother Bren said, "After you're in this body, there is therefore now." Someone say now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus that walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. There is a place where there's no condemnation. Whether you go to a Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian church, wherever it is, if you're in Christ, you're a new creature. That's what's important is if you're in Christ. If you're in Christ, you're going to seek out the word. If you're in Christ, you're going to get away from denominational walls. If you're in Christ, you're going to do what God said. But it doesn't matter what kind of a house you're born in. What matters is that you are born and made a new creature in Christ. That you're baptized into the body. He said that's God's meeting place. God's meeting place is not a place, a physical place, but it's in Christ. That's where God meets the worshipper. He said, "There is where you are accounted a new creature, for they're dead to the things of the world. They're alive in him. The living presence of God is with them day by day." And so, we know that we can overcome. What a great victory that ought to be to us today. What a great challenge that ought to be to our lives. I can overcome. You young people, you know, you can say, "I can overcome. I'm going to make it. I'm going to be okay. The world's crazy." And I hear all kinds of bad things and negative things. Listen, anybody can tell you what's going on in the world. You don't need a preacher to tell you what's negative right now. You can read the newspaper and see that there's all kinds of things going on. You can look at your neighbors and see that the world's gone crazy. Some of y'all's neighbors anyway. But you can look around you and see that even in the even in the small towns of this world, there's crime everywhere. There's trouble everywhere. There's perversion everywhere. But here in the body of Christ, there is a perfect bride without spot or wrinkle. Amen. Not because of their flesh, but by his perfection been washed in the blood of the lamb. Are you with me now? So you can make it. I go further than that. You're going to make it. I can say that with full assurance. I get worried sometimes. Sometimes I stay up late at night and uh this morning about 3:00 I woke up and I didn't go back to bed. I just laid there and thinking praying for some of you and praying thinking, "God, uh Lord, I I just want to see them get it. I just want to see them worship. I just want to see them helped. I I want to see their families helped and things like that." And as I'm laying there and I'm concerned about it, it come to me. It's not up to me, but it's according to the word. That seed that God planted in your life will come to pass. All I got to do is water it. All I got to do is is work and do my part. And I'm not responsible for results. He is. I'm just his his helper in doing that. Oh, that God would give all of us that same that same assurance that we're going to be okay. We're going to make it. The Bible says, "You are of God, little children, and have overcome them because greater is he." Someone say, "Greater." Greater that is in you. Who is that? the quickening power, the quickening life that was in Christ. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. I'm going to skip past some of this. Brother Robert, as we're going down, Brother Brandham talked about how the church was represented in Elijah and Elisha and how that one was Mrs. Mr. Jesus and one was Mrs. Jesus, if you could put it that way, in a tight. But I think sometimes we realize then that that quickening power was in them. If we're a type of that, it's in us. But again, I think all of us Christians included, if we just real honest, would probably kind of wonder, if I have that kind of power, why do I struggle so much? Come on. I know y'all are saints, but maybe some of you are angels. I haven't met any angels here yet, but there's probably some. But I know when I read that, Brother West, I think, why do I struggle so much? Why do I have a hard time sleeping sometimes? Why Why do I let stress get to me? Why do I do those things? If the quickening power is in my body, why do I have to repent? Well, think about it. I do. All of us do. He's the only one who did no sin. Why do I struggle with with things that, you know, I have to keep down? As Paul says, I keep under my body and bring it under subjection. Why do I need prayer? You know, I think people want to be tough. So, they don't want to come to the altar because they want to Everybody think, well, there's a good Christian. You know, they haven't been to the altar in years. Well, that's the one we kind of worry about. Are you with me now? say, "Well, if I go, they'll think I'm a sinner." No. Christians sometimes need help. We need prayer. Cuz the quickening power is in us, but but these bodies are bodies of humiliation. And they will humiliate us and do humiliate us from time to time. So, we find ourselves at the altar again. And I find myself, and I've told you before, that every time I come out that door, when I come out to pray, I stop there and pray for just a moment because I know that in my own in just my own ways and just my way of living and things that I try to be a good Christian and live a holy life, but I know that I I can mess up and sometimes maybe even do things I don't even think about and maybe say something to somebody that they would take wrong. And I don't want to do that. I don't want any anything in my life that would keep me from the power of God flowing through me. So every time I come out here, I repent. I have my own little altra there and I repent before God. Oh, I if we'd come to the house of God like that and say, "Lord, I just want to be clean today. I just want to be right. Lord, if there's anything wrong with me, take it out. I want to be right." I believe God would begin to move. You begin to see a revival among us. You begin to see the s uh sinners come in and you begin to see the sick healed. Why? Because God does what he says. If there's a repentant heart, he honors that. He will not refuse a broken and a contrite heart. Listen, he will not refuse it. That's a promise of God. Why do I get sick? Why do I need prayer? Well, Elisha might have been if them bones could think. You might have laid there and thought, "Why have I not raised?" Do you ever think about that? that the the guy is in the grave still doing miracles, but he's still in the grave, right? He's still that body is still there, right? Yeah. He's in paradise or whatever that Elisha was doing, but he's sitting there thinking, "My goodness, about time to come back." You know, other people are getting healed. And I see other people getting blessed. They they threw a man on my bones and he came back. I pray for the sick and they got well. Are you with me now? Why doesn't that quickening power do in my own life so many times what I want it to do? Just take me home. Let me be in heaven. You know, the truth is that same quickening power that was in Elisha raised him from the dead. Go to Matthew chapter 27 and verse 52. But what happened was the the graves, the the body was held by the word of God until the appointed time that it would come out. We know that paradise was emptied in Matthew 27:52. The graves were open and many bodies of the saints which slept arose. I don't know if this how it happened, but it just kind of comes to my mind, you know, dramatize it. Maybe he'd wake up some of these kids and he's like, you know, them bones are just there and they're they're there they're there not much left by this time, hundreds of years later. Very little left to Elisha. But every little molecule of Elisha was somewhere and it started to come back. Yeah. Again, I'm not teaching this for doctrine, just dramatizing. But can you imagine? Can you imagine them bones just start coming together, right? And at some point, Elisha wakes up and he said, "Oh, I'm back in my body." Praise God. Go down to Jerusalem and see what's up. Right? Because the Bible says they went down into the city and appeared to many. How would you feel if a dead man showed up and started talking to you? Right. Maddy's having none of it. But what was it? It was a resurrection. Oh, church, hear me this morning. We're promised that same thing one day. One of these mornings, it'll be maybe just like any other morning. But there will come a time. Oh, church. When when our dead relatives and and saints, the saints that have went on, our loved ones have went on in by the way of the grave. And those that believed in Christ, they'll raise on that day and they'll come to talk to us just like they did there. And you'll sit there having a conversation with somebody that died 20, 30 years ago. And you'll wake up suddenly. What? What is this? And brother said, suddenly a sweep will go over you. What's this sudden change? And you look down and your body's been changed. You're one of them. Hallelujah. You'll be gathered with them. The Bible says in the air to meet the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. But the Bible says the graves were open and many bodies of the saints which slept arose and come out of the graves after his resurrection and went into the holy city and appeared unto many. Hallelujah. Now, it just wasn't time yet. Elisha didn't know when that would be. But until that day, the quickening power hovered over those bones. Let me tell you, you're living in a body of humiliation. You're living in a body of death. But until the day that your change comes, he's that quickening power is still there. Yes. It doesn't leave you. If you've been born again, he's actually within you. Now look, Brother Brandham says, "Now, let me show you. I don't care if you're dead or where you're at. That quickening power never leaves." Years and years after his death, his meat had rotted away. The skin worms had eated up. They were packing a dead man one day, throwed him in on that bones. There was so much quickening power there till the man come back to life again, raised him up from the dead because that quickening power was upon that saint of God. Never left him. Stay right on those bones. And remember, we are flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone if we are his bride. Death won't bother that quickening power at all. Hallelujah. Though the skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. Hallelujah. We don't have to be scared of death. If I told you that story about my kids giving me a hard time because I thought I was having a heart attack cuz I walked up a lighthouse and I'm just not made to do that. And I told y'all that story, but they were giving me a hard time about it. But the thing is, they were right. If if I die, I'm going to live again. It's going to be okay. If I go by way of the grave, I'm going to see them. Hallelujah. I'm going to be with them again. Why? Because I believe my children are are have been given to me. That they've been saved by the blood of the lamb. I believe that God has given me my house. And so I'm going to see him again. I don't have nothing to fear. Paul says, "Oh death, where is your sting? Oh grave, where is your victory? You do not have any victory anymore because sin has been defeated by the death of Christ on the cross." Now listen what brother Brandon says about Elisha. He said, "Remember that dead man, that prophet full of that quickening power laying in the grave and rotted away. There was so much quickening power till they throw a dead man on him and come to life." He said, "He could still lay hands on the sick, couldn't he?" Yes. Oo, there's something there, church. If the bones of Elisha before Calvary, hallelujah. If they could raise a dead man, what could these hands do? What could your hands do? If you could believe, right? Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Brander says, he said, "Easter means more than just a tradition. It's also now for our bodies are quickened with him and we're sitting in heavenly places. And this body may rot in the sea. It may rot in the ground. There may not be a spoonful of ashes, but she is coming forth. You might get cremated and your family might lose your ashes. They might get spilled over. One time we we had an auction growing up and somebody left their mama's ashes in an old bureau or dresser drawer or something. and we ended up with them. No name on. We didn't have a clue who it was, but it's somebody's ashes. Can you believe somebody would do that? They might forget about you. It might be scattered all over the place, but Sister Betty, well, you're coming back. Amen. It God knows where they are and he's going to bring you back again. Hallelujah. You say, "Brother Ben, explain that. I don't know exactly how it's going to happen. I don't know exactly how it's going to be, but Paul said, I know this." He said, "We'll have a body like his glorious body." Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said, "This body may rot in the sea. It may rot in the ground. There may not be a spoonful of ashes, but she is coming forth for the spirit that raised up my Lord from the dead has quickened this mortal body. It's quickened your mortal body. And we are his beneficiaries of his resurrection." His policy of eternal life. He said, "No wonder." He said, "Fear not." He would know. For Paul said, "Death, where is your stained grave? Where is your victory? I'm full of quickening power." Thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. Yes, sir. Quickening power. Listen what Paul says about in Ephesians chapter 1:13. In whom you also trusted after that you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation. In whom also after that you believe, you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise, which is the earnest of our inheritance. Listen, what's he telling you? God has made a down payment on you. I think we misunderstand the earnest. Come on. We think of the Holy Ghost as being an earnest that a payment that we made. It's not a down payment that I made. Oh, come on, church. But God purchased you. You didn't purchase the gospel. You didn't You weren't even looking for the message of the hour, but God found you. Hallelujah. It's not a It's not a money that you gave as a as a purchase price, but it's something that he gave. Hallelujah. and his credit's a lot better than mine. His His worth is a whole lot more than mine. He will not lose one. Are you with me this morning, church? He will not lose one individual. We have the down payment. We have the the earnest. That's what the earnest means of our inheritance. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear. Verse Romans 8:15. But you have received the spirit of what? Adoption. I've just got a few more minutes and we'll close. I know that ham's getting warm, but do do you have to eat ham on Easter? Is that a prerequisite? I guess I mean we got some bacon in there. We could put that with it. I guess my mind has turned towards the refrigerator. It does that from time to time. Brother Ga, I just had a vision. I saw that bacon sitting in our refrigerator. There got to be a way to pair that with the ham. Mom puts it in the green beans. So, praise God. If you're going to have something like green beans, healthy like that, you might as well add bacon to it. Are you with me this morning? Hope you're not wore out. Listen. He said, "We've received not the spirit of bondage, not the spirit of slavery, but the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father. The spirit also itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children, then heirs, heirs of God and joint hes with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon, I like that. I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth just like Elisha waited for a resurrection. The earnest expectation of the creation waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. You realize the whole earth is waiting on us because the earth is going to be renewed. The earth was purchased by his blood. When those drops of blood fell on the earth, the earth was purchased by his blood. But it's waiting on us so it can be washed and filled with his presence. Amen. Listen. The earnest expectation of the creature waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who has subjected the same in hope. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption. So he's saying, not just the soul, but the body itself. Come on, church. Where is the quickening power? In the body, brother JT. this mortal body, this body of humiliation, this body of death will be raised. It'll be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. Not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves or something. We're not happy. We're not satisfied with where we're at. We're looking for something more. These bodies are not the end. Listen to me, young people. This life is not all there is. There's a better life somewhere. There's another life. This is the smallest portion of your life. Amen. And so we wait for the adoption, the redemption of our body. Becky went, my sister Becky has two adopted children, and I uh remember we went to Miles's adoption, didn't we, Miles? Big grin come over Miles's face when I said that. He uh he's a special boy. And we uh we went to Fort where was that? Fort Smith to his adoption. We all sat there and they did something. You know, they made us wear t-shirts and I'm not much of a a matching t-shirt wearer. You know, I don't think I've ever worn it since, but it's in my still in my closet. I saw it the other day and I think it said Did it say gotcha on it or something like that? Gotcha. And so every year they celebrate a birthday and a gotcha day. Amen. Right. Adoption day. Amen. Because there was a day he was living at home. He was he'd been he'd been loved by her and taken into her home. But there come a day he'd become adopted into the family. [Applause] Listen to me, church. Our souls have been adopted into the family, but we're waiting on the body. Hallelujah. One of these days, I don't know if we'll wear t-shirts, but one of these days, there will be a gathering in the judge. Hallelujah. The judge of all the earth say it's time to come home. And when he does, that'll be our gotcha day. Hallelujah. There's coming a day when every one of us will be will be grabbed up, claimed. Some family had to claim had to claim those children. A family had to claim them and bring them in and love them. And we were claimed by God himself. That's my gift. That's my family. We were flesh of his flesh, bone of his bones. We just didn't know it. But we got a gotcha day. Amen. Hallelujah. You were always his, but you didn't know it. But one day, he got you. Amen. I know it's not good English, but it's something we ought to we ought to be excited about today. Hallelujah. See, we must wait for our bodies to be changed, but we do not have to wait for our bodies to become subject to the word. Now, hear this before we close. When the body receives the spirit of God, the immortal life inside of you, it throws this body in subjection to God. Still a body of sin, but it's under subjection. He that's born of God does not commit sin. He cannot sin. See, a person that's born of God, if he if he does something wrong, he repents of it. The blood protects him. That's right. Right. He has an atonement. He said it's there's a there's an advocate. You have an advocate with the father, the Lord Jesus Christ. See, he said that throws your body subject. You don't have to say, "Oh, if I could just quit drinking, right? Just get in Christ and it's all gone." That's right. Amen. I wish people could see that. Amen. We got testimonies of that. Many of the folks sitting here were delivered from alcohol, delivered from cigarettes, delivered from drugs. Amen. Oh, if I could just quit. He said, "Just get in Christ. It's all gone because your body is subject to the spirit. It's no more subject to the things of the world. They're dead. Thank you, Lord. They are dead. Your sins are buried in baptism and you are a new creation in Christ in your body, becoming subject to the spirit to live the right kind of life." He said, "You women came, you got the Holy Ghost going on wearing shorts and things. How could you do it? How could the spirit of God and you ever let you do such a thing as that? It just can't be." He said, "It can't be. It's not a He's not a filthy spirit. He's a Holy Spirit." But what does it make you subject to, church? It makes you subject to the word. So whatever God said in his word, no matter what the world says, no matter what they're doing, no matter how they're dressing, no matter how they're living, no matter what they're go, what's going on with them in their marriages and in their homes, we've got a word to live by. We got a word. It's not a forced thing. It's not that the pastor tells you to do it. Listen, if it's a set of rules, it'll always be a set of rules that'll keep you under bondage. But when the life comes on the inside, things will change. We won't have to make you do it. There'll be something you want you to do it with all your heart. He said then when you become subject to that spirit, it throws your whole being subject to that spirit and that spirit is nothing in the world but this seed word made manifest quickened made alive. When the Bible said don't do this, that body quickly turns to it. There is no question. So the problem is either people have not been quickened to the word or they haven't heard it. I'm going to take care of one problem this morning. This morning you say, "I heard it. Amen. Now it's time to be quickened. You see, we don't have a contract. He didn't give us a contract with conditions. Listen what he says. It's the earnest of the inherit of the resurrection. This body will be raised up again because it's already started. Oh, that's more powerful than we even know. Brother Stewart, I wish I could preach. Man, this body, hallelujah, will be raised up again because it's already started. It was once subject to sin and mire and corruption, but now it's got the earnest. It's turned heavenly. He said, "No, that's the earnest that you're going in the rapture." You said, "Well, I know I have the Holy Ghost, but I'm worried about going in the rapture." If you have the Holy Ghost, he will not leave you here. That same spirit that raised your mortal, his mortal body will also raise your mortal body. The same spirit that quickened him will quicken you. But we don't have a contract with conditions. I know, brother Joe and them tried to sell their house and it was a contract but had conditions, right? Conditions. We have contracts with conditions. I've seen that many times. I was in land title for many years and and I don't know how many closings got stopped because of some condition in the contract and sometimes it was a few dollars. You know, they wanted just something a little extra done and they wouldn't do it or somebody forgot they had to pay for insurance and they just didn't have the money. Oh my. But his down payment that he made on you was not subject to conditions. He never told Abraham, "If if you'll do this, I'll do this." But he said, "I'll make of you a great nation." Hallelujah. I'm going to give you a son regardless of what you do. I'm going to do it. Because he knew Abraham would believe him. Abraham would follow him. And he wouldn't have put a down payment in you if he didn't know you would follow him. So we don't worry about it. That so many times new Christians are defeated. Are you still with me this morning? I'm almost done. New new Christians are defeated by worry and fear. Because the first thing they do, they get saved, they come to the Lord, they get the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and then the devil starts working on them. Say, "Well, you know, you'd walk better. You'd do this better. You do that better if you were a real Christian." That's right. Babies aren't born full grown. But he that begun a good work in you will finish that work. How many believe that today? He'll help you walk. He'll help you along. He'll teach you the way. So many of our young people get discouraged because they're not just where they ought to be. But your heavenly father loves you. That's right. He watches every step that you make. He's not He's He's not going to cast you out. You're still his son. You're still his daughter. Even though you might make a mistake. Is a contract with no conditions. You're sealed to the day of your redemption. And that power enables you to fulfill the great commission of Mark 16:17. He said, "These sons shall follow them that believe." You know, I know people will say today, I had a a Bible, I had a commentary and said, "Well, them that believe is the disciples." Well, that's not what it says. It says them. I'm just simple enough to put my name in there. Lord, I believe. These sons shall follow them that believe. In my name shall they cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. You don't go looking for snakes to pick up. But if you happen to pick one up, if you had the faith that in the word of God, you could say, "I'm in the line of duty. This can't stop me." No more than it could stop Paul from going to Rome. We don't go out and look for poison and drink it. You don't stand in front of a train, let it run you over. But what do we do? We believe God's able. If we find ourselves in a difficult situation, he's able to get us out. How many could testify of that this morning? He's brought me out of so many things. He's kept me from so many things. Amen. And he said they'll take up serpents and if they drink any deadly thing and won't harm them, they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. That's Elisha sending his staff. Then he went and laid his hands, his whole body on the baby, right? Paul sent out handkerchiefs and aprons. We know that's a valid way to be healed if people have their have enough faith to believe that. But many times you have to have hands laid on you. But remember, those aren't just hands. Laying hands on the sick will never cease. When the disciples received the quickening power on the day of Pentecost, what did they do? They went out and laid hands on the sick and they recovered. That's the quickening power like was on Elisha's bones. The same quickening power is upon the saints that raised them up. If that same quickening power is in us, lay your hands on the sick and they shall recover. Now, while we're seated here this morning, as we're closing, I I know we did this last week, but I think maybe with an understanding of the quickening power in these bones. See, we want to put that on Elisha, but what about these bones? What about these hands? I want you to lay hands on one another and I'm just going to tell you a little bit about the quickening power in your body while you do that. So just lay hands on somebody besides you, husband to wife, brother to sister, lay your hands on them. He said they shall lay hands on the sick. I know we got sick people among us, but I just want to demonstrate the word of God to you. There's something powerful about the connection of laying on of hands. Your hands on the people has got quickening power in them if you've been quickened. So I want to ask you while you got your hands laid on your your neighbor, your friend, your husband, your wife. Has Christ become real to you? Has the power of God been manifested? Are you in that church? Amen. God has provided church. How are you in it? How do you know you've been quickened in it? Your whole thoughts, your whole being is in Christ. And Christ is in the midst of the people proving himself alive, proving he's here at the days of Sodom with hands on people that whose lives have been changed from street walkers, from drunkards, from prostitutes to genuine saints of God quickened. Their hands is laying on you. They're in the church by Holy Ghost baptism. The same power that was upon Elijah's bones, that same power is laying upon your shoulder, upon your head. That same quickening power. Can you believe that now? Do you believe you're in his church? than if you are. He said, "I command you in the name of Jesus Christ to stand to your feet and accept your healing." He thought he was going to pray. He didn't say if you prayed. He said, "If you lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." We'll have prayer in a moment. But if you believe that quickening power is sitting next to you, why don't you stand up and accept your healing? Believe that God believe that God's able to do it. Do you believe it, church? Those hands that laid on you, you say, "Well, I don't know about them, but there's quickening power in you. There's quickening power in the pew next to you. If you can believe that, you can have everything that everything that you need this morning. I don't know what you come in with. I don't know what need you come in with, but you can have it this morning if you can believe it. Do you believe you're in his church? Then then he said, "I command you to stand your feet and accept your healing if you've been sick." Oh, do you accept it this morning? Listen, we don't need a bunch of music. I I thank God for our music, but we don't need a bunch of that to praise God. We ought ought to be a worship in our hearts. Lord, I believe. I believe you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. I believe you're here this morning. You didn't die when a prophet died in 1965. You didn't die there on the cross. You died, but you come back to life. You didn't stay dead. I'm so grateful for that, Lord. I'm so thankful. Hallelujah. I want you to bow your heads with me. Hallelujah. Maybe there's someone here, a sinner, with every head bowed and every eye closed. would like to come into that body. Say, I'd like to receive that. You can be baptized. And that's important. He said, if you're baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And yet at the same time, in Cornelius's house, they received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. While they heard the word, they received it and then they went and got baptized. So, we believe you can receive it this morning right where you're at. Is there sinners here that would like to come into that body? Raise your hands and say, "I've never been filled with the Holy Ghost, but I certainly desire it today." If every head bowed, God bless those hands at hand. I need that baptism of the Holy Ghost in my life. Maybe some of you elders been around a long time, but you need a refilling of the Holy Ghost. I see a bunch more hands going. My hands are up. I need him. I need him to come. I I need his presence. Let this Easter be a resurrection day for my life where my body becomes subject to the word again. Oh granted, Lord, heavenly father, Lord, as we approach you now through prayer, we've already laid hands on one another. We believed, Lord, for our healing, Lord, and now we believe for salvation, for the Holy Ghost, for every person, Lord, within the sound of our voice, Lord. May it be like an upper room experience, Lord, on Acts two where they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. And then we find in Acts 4 that they were all refilled with the Holy Ghost. May it be so this morning. May the walls be moved by your presence. May we accept you with all for all that you are. Lord, if there's someone struggling with Lord, maybe not making themselves subject to all of the word. I pray God you'd take that take that struggle away this morning. Help them to understand that if they can surrender to you that that power can come in them to help them to live a victorious life. It won't be some kind of a do or a don't or a list of of things to do or a list of things not to do, but God, it'll be a spirit living out in them. Something that'll keep them from the things of the world. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. I pray you'd heal the sick, Lord, as we've already believed for it. I pray you'd move, Lord, in a mighty way. Bring revival among us, oh God, as we come to this Easter season, Lord. May it be a change. And I've seen so many times you've changed before. You've changed individuals. Lord, may it be a change to us as a church goal. God, give us more of your love. Give us more of your power. Oh, God. Give us revival in our souls. Lord, we need you today. We love you. We thank you for being here with us. I pray that you'd grant it, Lord. Pray that you'd move in a mighty way as only you can do. May your anointing, may your quickening power flow through these hands or that are raised in worship, Lord. And may they believe you with all of their hearts. Pray you grant it now in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you need to pray, the altar's open. If you need to be prayed for, I'd be glad to pray with you. We'll just linger for a moment, but let's just worship you with all of our heart. You are great. Oh, you do miracles so great. Well, I've seen them, Lord. I am one. Hallelujah. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, you are great. Oh, do you believe it this morning? He raised from the dead. As some we can all agree on on Easter Sunday morning. He's raised from the dead. He's worthy of my praise. Hallelujah. Oh, there is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. Oh, you deserve the glory. Oh, does he deserve it on this resurrection day? Let's just worship him now with all of our hearts. Oh Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. Oh, you deserve the glory. Oh, thank you Lord and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. Oh, as we praise your holy name. Oh, for you are great. Hallelujah. You do miracles so great. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, you are great. Oh, can you acknowledge he is great this morning? So great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no else like you. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. I think it's F. Amen. Just lift your hands to him. Close your eyes. Just worship him a minute. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm singing [Music] hallelujah. Oh, we thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I thank you for an empty tomb, Lord. Thank you for a living Christ. Thank you for the miracle of the new birth. Thank you for love, Lord. Oh, I'm singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh [Music] hallelujah. Oh hal hallelujah. Can we raise in one piece? Sing. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh there it is. Lord you love him this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, thank you for being here with us, Lord. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, I thank Thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes. I thank you. Oh, I thank you [Music] Jesus. Oh, thank you [Music] Jesus. Oh, I thank you Jesus. Lord Jesus, I pray that you would bless this congregation, Lord. Lord, as they go about their their week and especially at this season, Lord, that we call Easter, recognizing it's more than a rabbit or or some eggs, but Lord, there's a there's a truth, Lord, that on this weekend, Lord, that you died for our sins. We thank you for that. that you didn't stay dead. You rose on the third day. And we honor that today. In fact, Lord, not just on Easter Sunday, but every Sunday. We gather the first day of the week as Christians because it's an honor of your resurrection. I pray that that would continue until the day you come. We thank you for our brothers and sisters. I pray you'd bless them in their work. Pray you'd bless them, Lord, as they go out in their in their family relationships, Lord. Maybe where there would be strife, let there be peace. Where there would be trouble, let there be joy, oh God. Maybe where there would be sickness, let there be healing, Lord. Maybe the devil's got a trap set for one of them out. They're on the roads, but Lord, we know you're able to reveal it to them. And Lord, guide them a different direction. I pray you grant it, Lord. We thank you for all that you've done. We love you, Lord. We just can't say enough about you. I worship you today. I pray you'd bless each one that sitting patiently, Lord, and heard the word this morning. May it go deeper than their heads. May it go down to their hearts. Lord, I I couldn't put it maybe the way I wanted to, but Lord, I I pray that you would take it and make it the way you want it, Lord. It sink in, oh God, into our hearts. Recognize, Lord, we can recognize the power that's in us. Pray for you. Grant it now. We thank you for it in Jesus name. Hallelujah. As brother Helen comes, we'll just worship for just a moment and you can be dismissed. God bless you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. God is so good. God is so good. Yes, God is so good. He's so good to me. He answers prayer. Oh, he answers prayers. He answers [Applause] prayers. Yes, he answers prayers. See, he's so good. Just before we go, I love him so. Oh, and I love him so. If you love him, why don't you lift your hands to it? I love him so. Yes. I love him. So, he's so good to me. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. You're free to go. We're going to sing this song, He Set Me Free. Just appreciate our visitors coming out and worshiping with us this morning. Just make sure you shake their hands on the way out. And remember, there's no service this evening. Come expecting Wednesday. Amen. Well, once like a bird in prison, I dwell. No freedom from my sorrow, I felt. Then Jesus came and he listened to me. Glory to God. He set me free. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison. I'm glory bound by Jesus to sing. Glory to God. He set me free. And now I am climbing higher each day. has drifted away. My feet are planted on higher ground. Glory to God. I'm over [Music]
