################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-26 - Living Between Two Desires Pastor Ben Pruitt 62525 - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-26
Title:    "Living Between Two Desires" Pastor Ben Pruitt 6/25/25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6jRNw1mw6g
========================================

Description:
"Living Between Two Desires" Pastor Ben Pruitt 6/25/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Do you remember? [Music] I'm supposed to be [Music] a life. Oh, it was mercy that rerote my life. I'm glad that mercy rro my life. Well, I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy rerote my life. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Give G. These are the days of Elijah declaring the work of the Lord. And these are the days of your servant Moses righteousness being restored. And though these are days of great trial, in darkness and sore, still we are the ones in the desert, crying, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud. Shining like the sun and the trumpet. Oh, lift your voice. It's the year of Jubilee. And out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. And these are the days of Ezekiel. the dry bones becoming as flesh. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding a temple of praise. And these are the days of the harvest. The fields are wide in the world. And we are your laborers in your vineyard, declareing the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes, riding on a cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpets call. So lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee and out of Zion till he salvation comes. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpet's call. So lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee and out of Zion's hill salvation. One more time. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds shining like the sun and the trumpets call. So lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee and out of Zion till salvation comes. Well, I just want to be ready. Oh, I just want to be ready to go. Oh, yes. I Well, I want to be ready. Yes, I Well, I want to be ready to go. I know that I Well, I'm going to be ready. Yes, I Well, I'm going to be ready to go. I know that I Well, I'm going to be ready. Yes, I Well, I'm going to be ready one more time. I know that I Well, I'm going to be ready. Yes, I Well, I'm going to be ready to go. I know that I Well, I'm going to be ready. Yes, we are. I Well, I'm going to be ready to go. How many's going to be ready to go tonight? Amen. Give the Lord a big hand of praise if you would. Amen. We ought to be the happiest people on the face of the earth tonight. Amen. Let's sing it that way. Can't you see why I'm happy? Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, cuz I've accepted the word of the Lord. Oh, the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi. Well, if you're happy about it tonight, let me hear you sing it now. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, cuz I've accepted the word of the Lord. Oh, the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi. You're sounding good tonight. Let me hear you sing it again. Oh, can't you see why we're so happy? Oh, cuz I've accepted the word of the Lord and the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi. [Music] Oh, aren't you happy about it tonight? Amen. As the ushers would come this evening, brother Danny, would you come and also take the needs to the Lord? I guess you're going to be an usher tonight, too. So, that's good. I'll just have you pray over the request. Don't have a lot of written requests tonight, but brother Gabe and Sister Milliey's friend Rachel uh has a kidney cyst and they are with her. They asked the church to pray for her tonight. And also from Sister Britney, ple my mother, Paige Bulls. She is having a minor surgery tomorrow morning. Please pray everything will go well. So just remember uh her in prayer. Amen. I I know we're needy people. If you have any other needs on your heart tonight, just put your hand up to the Lord if you would. I know he sees every need. You believe it tonight? Amen. Brother Danny. [Music] Heavenly Father, we come before you tonight, Lord. We're thankful for the privilege we have to be in your house tonight. Lord, we just ask you to come down in this place in a special way. Lord, we're not very many here tonight, Father, but numbers don't count. Father, we know you said in your word that if two or three are gathered together in your word, you'd be here in our midst, Lord. Father, we just pray that you would come down and may each one just let us res uh surrender our hearts and lives to you tonight, Lord. Father, that you may come and work as you would have it, have things done. Lord Jesus, of these requests that have been read before you, Father, these people that are sick and afflicted and the needs that are on our hearts, Lord, we just pray that you come in a special way and touch those, Lord. Each hand that was raised, Father, you know what's on our hearts, Lord. What we have need of, Father. We just ask you to come, Father. Bless brother Ben as it comes to deliver the word tonight. Lord, just open our hearts of understanding. Lord, let us just be a drawing congregation tonight. Lord, may you just let him come and grant us what we have need of. Father, we pray that you bless this offering in your name we ask. Amen. I mean, you could be seated. There are two roads you may take. [Music] One by side and one by faith. Just take the word of God. What you see, what you believe is what will be. So set your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the wind of faith. Oh, watch your knee and watch your cry. Watch your mountain. touch too high. Just speak the word of God and by and by oh it will move or you will fly. So send your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly in a higher place and do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the wind of faith and watch the eagle up in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. Oh, for the power that makes him rise. Oh, it's already [Music] in the skies. So send your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place and do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the wind. One more time with all your hearts now. Oh, send your wings to the wind of faith. And you can fly in a higher place. and do not struggle. It's by grace set your wings. One more time as sister Nolan comes with her song. Oh, so set your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. And do not struggle. It's by grace. your wings to the wind of faith. If that's what you're going to do tonight, would you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise? [Applause] [Music] I look back on history, see the mighty God unveiled, proving over and over that his word can never fail. But I can't keep on dwelling on some past memory cuz he's the same God who's living in me. [Music] The same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red. He's the same God who's living in me. [Music] The same God who created all the heavens and all the earth came back living in Jesus. There was power in his word. But now in these last days, I'm beginning to see that he's the same God who's living in me. [Music] The same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who broughten the raging sea. He's the same God who's living in me. He's the same God who's living in me. [Music] [Applause] You believe that tonight? Amen. He's the same God. Amen. If we really know that that he's right here among us tonight, then all things are possible. If the same God that did all those things is here. Amen. Let's let's try this one in the key of G. Sister Anna. Let's stand and try to sing it. You sound better when you stand it. And those of you that can. The Lord has brought me through all of my trials. And when I had failed him, he didn't cast me away. Well, he stood right by me through all of my troules. And when I was lost, he didn't let me go astray. Well, he took my sins and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world would see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Yes, it was. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. I like this one. Well, he's been my doctor and he's been my lawyer. He never left me. He's been my friend. He's been my comforter. When I was lonely and when I was lost, you know, Jesus took me in. Well, he took my sins and saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. Oh, Jesus died on Calary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. with all your hearts now. Well, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, yes it was. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. One more time. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. How many's free here tonight? Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did. Oh, you're sounding good. Sing it one more time. Well, it was a great thing that he did for me and you. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Oh, Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise. When you think of the goodness of Jesus, you can't help but give him praise, can you? Amen. Aren't you thankful for the word of the Lord? Are you ready for the word of the Lord tonight? Amen. And I tell you, the pastor's been doing such a wonderful job and and I believe he'll just continue right on if we'll just keep pulling on the gift that God has placed here among us. Amen. I believe that uh I believe that what he had on has on his heart tonight will be specifically for somebody in this building and maybe just for every one of us. And so just take what the Lord gives you tonight and and I really believe you'll be blessed. I believe we come one way, we want to leave better. We we're going to leave better or worse. We might as well leave better Christians. How about y'all tonight? Give the Lord another big hand clap of praise tonight. if you would. And as we invite our pastor, we're going to go old school here and see if we can try this song. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure, sweet love, a sign from above. On the wings of a dove. Sing the chorus again now. Oh, on the wings of a snow white dove. God sends his pure sweet love. A sign from above. on the wings of a dove. Let's try a verse of that now. Oh, Noah had drifted on the floods many days. He searched for landing in various ways. Oh troubles he had some but not from above. And God gave him his high on the wings of a dove. With all your hearts now. Oh, on the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love, a sign from above on the wings of a dove. We try that second verse now. Well, Jesus our savior, [Music] he came to earth one day. He was born in a stable in a manger of pain. [Music] And though he rejected, [Music] but not from above [Music] and God gave us his son on the wings of a dove. Aren't you thankful for tonight? Can you just sing it now? Oh, on the wings of a snow. wind up. God sends his pure sweet love a sign from above on the wings of a dove. Let's sing that last verse. And though I have suffered in many of ways, oh I cry for healing both night and day. Have you ever been there? Oh, but faith wasn't forgotten. Hallelujah. By the father above. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he gave me his son. Oh, on the wings of a dove. Sing it down. Oh, on the wings of a snow white. Oh, God sensed his pure sweet love a sign from above. Oh, on the wings of a dove. Sing that chorus again. Singing it so well tonight. Oh, on the wings of a snow. Oh, God sends his piercings up a sign from above. On the wings of a dove. Amen. You believe that dove's here tonight? That dove is the Holy Spirit right here among us. Amen. Where he said he'd never leave us, never forsake us. So grateful for that tonight. Let's bow our heads together. So you play that. I wonder if there's maybe a someone that would have a need on their heart. Just be something you just between you and the Lord. Say, Lord, I need you to meet that tonight. I believe you can do that. Heavenly Father, I pray that you bless these hands that were raised. Lord, all of us, Lord, have things that we need to see done in our lives. and we believe you're still a miracle working God. So we pray, God, that you would just move today. And Lord, speak through me, Lord. We know that a a word fitly spoken in due season is is is precious to us, Lord. And I pray that you'd help your word to be precious to us tonight. And to do that, Lord, I have to move myself out of the way, Lord, and minimize the humanity, Lord. May you shine yourself through, Lord, and speak what you would have to say. Pray you'd forgive me of every fault, Lord, and the people as well. We We just want to be washed by the water of the word tonight. We thank you for all that you do in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. Amen. Isn't that wonderful? I just love that old song, Psalms chapter 42 and verse one. Brother Peter and I were practicing that before church. and uh uh he uh actually we the original song is a little faster and we went and got the original time and stuff on it. I really enjoyed that and I thought it was neat that brother Joel sang it. We come out Psalm chapter 42 and verse one. As the heart panth after the waterbrooks, so panth my soul after thee, oh God, my soul thirsteth for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God? Pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated this evening. I want to speak to you tonight on living between two desires. living between two desires. This struck my attention. I actually picked a tape to listen to called Thirst just randomly just to listen to for my own edification this week and and it really struck me and and God I believe showed me these things and and it's just things that the prophet said, but I believe it'll help us tonight. It helped me and I trust it'll be a help to you as well. Brother Brandham taught us that the word thirst means a painful desire. a painful desire. So, it's not just something you think you want, but it's something you have to have. And and you get to where you have to have water, and that's what thirst is. And so, there's a desire of the flesh and a desire of the spirit. Brother Brandham calls it two control towers. So there's uh control tower something that controls something that causes you to desire the flesh and something else that causes you to desire the spirit. Brother Brandham says for instance the flesh thirsts to satisfy the desires that's in the body and the spirit desires for the things that's in the soul desire. He said and many times these war one against the other. So so he said we find there's a great trouble. He said today that too many people try to live and this is very important tonight. This what we want to talk about. He said too many people try to live between those two desires. Right? So they don't know they they haven't surrendered to either one and and the desire of the flesh is pulling this way and the desire of the spirit is pulling that way and they're trying to live in between those two desires. He said, "For one of them desires the things of the earth, but the other desires the things of heaven." Now, we know that we were born with a thirst to fellowship with God. And actually, that thirst is also common among humanity. That's not just something that uh that desire to fellowship with God is not just in the elect. In fact, that's that desire is in all humanity. You find that even the Indians worshiped a great spirit and uh all over the world they worshiped something. So that's not just the elect, that's man made in the image of God were made to worship something and they will worship something and man still will worship something. But you were born with that thirst. Now what the what's different about the elect is that the elect there's something about them that it becomes painful. It becomes something they have to have. They can't be like Esau and take it or leave it. But it's got to be something like Jacob that that's the difference. He had to have it. He He had to have the birthright. He had to have uh he had to have the blessing. And so it become a painful desire. And yet men, you were born with a desire to worship God as a human being. And and brother Brandham said he realized he was talking to the doctor at Mayo Clinic. And and he said that he realized when he was talking to him, he said he said, "My daddy was a drunk." And he said, "What what makes a man do that?" And the the doctor told him, he said, "Well," he said, "It's something he's not satisfied with in his life." And because he's not satisfied, he goes out and drinks. And some of you that were involved in in drugs or alcohol, you know that that's true. There's something in your life you were longing for. Uh pornography or whatever it might be or or or or adultery, there's something that's not filled. And so, you're trying to fill that that empty spot with something. And again, that's a that's universal among human beings that they're trying to do that. And brother Brandon said when he said that, he said, "I realize that he said, 'What my dad was hungry for, he was thirsty for was actually God." And and that's the only thing that can fill it because the drugs have an end. And you got to have stronger and stronger and stronger ones. And alcohol has an end. You got to have more and more and more alcohol. But but but Christ is eternal. And there's something about the word that gives you uh that fulfills the desire of your heart. Something about the the spirit of God when you when you're in the presence of God, it just makes you happy. It makes you satisfied to be a Christian and satisfied to live for. I wonder if there's anybody here tonight that's satisfied to be a believer. That's the way I want to be every moment of the day. Yes, sir. So when you try to satisfy your thirst for fellowship with God, when you start to do that, you know, Satan just don't roll over. He sees what you're doing. He can't read your mind. But when you begin to do things, he sees that. And so what does he do? He puts obstacles in your way. He puts up obstacles to that. And and and brother Brandham relates that to Romans 7:21. And he said, "I find then a law that when I would do good, evil is present with me." So anytime I want to do good, any time I want to do what's right, e, evil is present with me. And so, Brother Brandham said, when you try, he said, did you ever have that in your inexperience Christians, he said that when you're trying to do something that's worthwhile, go to make an effort to do something that's good. He said then you find out there is the devil on every hand just to upset you everything that you So you'll find that you know I I found just in anecdotal evidence I found as a pastor over the years and working with people over over many years I found that uh that people will will uh they'll they'll start to come to church and just as soon as they start to come their job will start wanting them to come in on Sundays or or or there'll be trouble in the home and they'll start fussing and fighting with one another or there'll be trouble with their children or something will happen to try to keep them out of the house of God or or maybe they'll they'll make a commitment and brother Brandon's not talking to sinners here but Christians you'll make a commitment to read your Bible more to pray more or or to do things in a better way as a Christian that you know you ought to do and I've done that many times and immediately there'll be an obstacle you'll get a phone call you'll something will happen you sit down and try to listen to a tape and something will happen to distract you every time it's going to happen that way He said, "When you're trying to do something that's worthwhile, go to make an effort to do something that's good. You find out there is the devil on every hand just to upset you. Just that's all that's his job is to upset you. But when you recognize him, brother said to overcome is to recognize the devil at every one of his tricks." And this is one of his tricks. As soon as he sees you begin to do something for God, he's going to do everything he can to prevent that and put an obstacle in your way. He he said now uh he said now many times I meet people that's prone to be a little nervous when they find out that they're trying to do something and everything is just blocking it off on both sides and they say it might not have been the will of the Lord. See, he said now don't let the devil lie to you like that. Right? It was the will of the Lord till it got difficult. It was the will of the Lord till it be till till you know your finances got messed up or or or somebody got sick or something else. It was the will of the Lord until something bad happened. If it was ever the will of the Lord, it's still the will of the Lord, right? A and we've got to hold on to that because of course Satan's going to try to make you think it's not if it is. So we don't go by, you know, just well an obstacle came up. It must not be the will of the Lord. But the Brown said people get nervous and they think that. He said the first thing is to find out. He said whether it's the will of God or not. Right? It either is or it isn't. And if it is the will of God, you don't know whether it's the will of God by how difficult it is. You don't know whether it's the will of God by by by how much obstacles come in your way, right? You don't know whether it's the will of God by how much the devil fights you, but you know whether it's the will of God. You look in the Bible, right, and see whether it's the will of God, and it's just like, you know, for me, I don't have to have God doesn't have to give me a revelation every time before I come out and preach that I should preach, right? It's the will of God for me to preach because it's the word of God and God anointed me to do it and he gave me the ability to do it and then it's in his word. So I don't have to get a new revelation and and a new calling and and him come down and strike me over the head or strike me with lightning or something and say go preach the gospel. No, it's the will of God for me to preach the gospel. So if I that way if I get, you know, because anytime I go to preach, something's going to happen, right? Anytime you go to do something for God, you could you could be on vacation for four weeks and nothing bad would happen. But as soon as you go to do something for God, something's going to happen to try to prevent you from doing that. And so what you have to do is learn to push through that and overcome that. How you going to do that? You look in the Bible. Is it the will of God? Is it the will of God for you to be in church? I think the answer to that ought to be that's a yes or no question, right? It either is or it isn't. Now, which particular church, that's up to you. And but you need to find the will of God for that. But it is the will of God to be in church. So if you start out for church and every time you start out for church, you your vehicle breaks down or or the kids get upset or something happens, you might get discouraged and think, well, every time I go to the house of God, it must not be the will of God for me to go to church. It is the will of God because it's the word of God, right? So we don't have to wonder whether it's the will of God or not because we've looked in the scripture and seen that it is the will of God. I'm so thankful that we got something more solid than just uh maybe so or or we're we're waiting for somebody to prophesy over us or something like that. That's Pentecostal in its nature. It's the way they did things. But that's not the way we ought to do things. We look at the word of God and see whether or not it's the will of God. So he said, he said, "Don't let the devil lie to you like that." The first thing is he said, "Find out whether it's the will of God or not." He said, "And then if you want to know whether it's the will of God, look into the Bible." He said there is the thing that sets you straight is the word of God. Not your circumstances, not how you feel, not how I feel, not somebody's opinion, not somebody say, "Well, you know what does he think? What do they think? What does the Bible say about it?" And if it's a Bible thing to do, we know it's the will of God. Now, it's not the will of God for everybody to preach, but if it's if it's a Bible thing to do and then God has anointed me to do it, then I ought to go do it, right? And so if God's given you the ability to sing or he's given you the ability to help out in the church, you ought to go do that. It's if if it's the if it's right in the word and you have the ability to do it, you ought to go do that and and do something for the Lord because we know that it's that must be the will of God whether you have obstacles or not. Now, are you with me so far? And then in that then you have to discern the will of God between because not everybody's going to preach the same. Not everybody's going to go to the same church. You got to discern the will of God for that. But it is the will of God for you to be in church. It is the will of God for preachers to preach, right? It is the will of God for people to live for the Lord, say, "Well, I've been made fun of since I started looking like a Christian. It must not be the will of the Lord." No, it is the will of God for you to look like a Christian, dress like a Christian, act like a Christian, right? And and some of you young people, you benefit from this. You know, you you come against an obstacle. And I see so many young people are so fickle in these things and and and we all were when we were young. But you know, you'll come up against an obstacle in a relationship or and you say, "Well, it must not be the will of God." No. First thing you need to do is find out whether it's right with the word. Right? It's not God's will for you if you're a boy to be married to another man. Right? It's not the will of God for you if you're a girl to be married to a girl. But it is the will of God perhaps for you to be married. Not for everybody. Well, there's a revelation. Not everybody's meant to be married. But but yet at the same time, it is the will of God for you to get married for most people to get married. Then if it's the will of God for you to get married, then you got to find out whether it's the will of God for you to marry that person. But don't look at the obstacles to it because sometimes you get discouraged with one another. You know, just because you're if you're married, if you're newly married, you say, "Well, we must have missed the will of God if we're fighting, if we're fussing." That's not the case at all. You you need to recognize the devil's going to fight you. He's fought every married couple here. He's fought every every couple's been married. Some of y'all been married 50, 60 years, and you know that the the devil's fought you every step of the way, but you know it was the will of God for you to be together. And so you once you get a revelation of that will, nothing can shake you. Are you with me now? It's not the will of God for you to be married to anybody. But now, if you're married to somebody now, that's the will of God for your life. And you ought to stay married to that person. Are you with me? Now, brother Brandon said, "Look in the Bible. There's the thing set you straight is the word of God. Then if you see it's in the word of God for you to do it, and and I'm not going to take all night tonight, but I'm just going to take enough time to to get to this." So, you just bear with me. If you're living between those two desires, trying to satisfy both, you'll get discouraged, right? you'll get discouraged. Brother Brandham talked about going to Africa and uses this in the illustration in the message thirst that when he went to Africa, he said he thought for years that the people didn't want him in Africa because that's what the the a certain preacher had told him. We don't want you here anymore. He said, "I went to Africa." He went in 1965 and when he went in 1965, he went as a hunter. You remember he didn't go and have meetings. when he went in 1965, he he went and he said, "I found out it was just that man and his family that didn't want me there. Everybody else wanted me to be there, but it hindered Brother Brandham from going back." But once he recognized that, see, if there's there was an obstacle in the way, but the message still had to get into Africa, right? And so, it was the will of God to go. Now, it was I I think of I had a missionary brother call me the other day. I won't say his name because it's a just in case I guess somebody might be listening I from the government of this certain country and and uh he told me that uh he was at a certain in a certain country a Muslim country and uh they arrested him at they found he had books with him he was carrying books I've done that myself I've carried illegal contra we did it brother Joel we did it into a certain country and and uh we went in carrying illegal contraband into that I mean if they find it in some countries they'll just toss it in other countries they'll actually arrest you. Well, this was a country where they actually arrested the brother and and they arrested him and and and and they're talking to him. They're they're giving him an interrogation and they're going to send him back home. They're going to deport him because that was the policy of the country. So, he's telling me that and and and and while they're doing that, he said, "Lord, if it's your will for me to be here, make a way for me to be here." You know, and but yet there was this obstacle in the way. And so many of us, that's where we get discouraged right there. But if you get discouraged like that in missionary work, I found that there's so many obstacles to you being that far overseas and preaching in those countries, there's so many hardships in doing that if you let things discourage you the way people let themselves be discouraged from coming to church or from serving God, you'd never do anything. But you just got to go forward and say, "God, I believe you. You you wanted me to do it. I felt it." Brother Brandon said, "You're always in the will of God doing missionary work. So the brother said, "Well, there must be a way to go to do it." And so he's sitting there about to he's already been arrested. He's he's ready to go. And there's a terrorist attack in that town where he's at. And and and and when he when there is all the security forces rush out outside of the airport. It's right down the street. They go out the airport. They leave him in an empty room with his passport laying on the table that they had taken from him and his luggage. And he's sitting there and he'd been praying the Lord would make a way. And he looks he said, "The door's open. My passport's laying there. Here's the luggage. Now, he didn't know what they do to him, right? When he walked out the door, they might have shot him. But he said, "Lord, I'm won't go." So, what does he do? He picks up his passport, picks up his luggage, and walks out the door and has a meeting, right? Has the meeting and continues on his missionary work and goes home two week two weeks later. They never say anything more to him. Why? Because he didn't let the obstacle stop him from doing the will of God, right? He he he'd surrendered to the desire to do God's will. Oh, that's what all of us need to do tonight. We don't need to live between two desires. We need to surrender to the desire on the inside that controlled tower that causes us to do the will of God. Brother Brand said, "You let a young convert come tonight to the altar somewhere here in this tabernacle or out across the nation and just remember tomorrow mother will be upset, more angry than she ever was. Dad will be all upset and all the school kids." Yes. He said, "And everything just goes wrong because it's Satan trying to get you to turn around." Yeah. Come on. Right. And that's where so many get discouraged. How many people do we have come in, young people and young couples, and people will come in and then there'll be obstacles and they'll start staying home because, you know, it's just too hard. But, but you got to overcome that. Come on. Right. God allowed that to be put in your way to see who you are because that's the difference in the elect and the non-elect is the elect somehow they're going to overcome that and they're going to make it. So, you know, and and maybe the devil would keep you out of church one time or he keep you out of doing what should have been done uh you know in in support of the people of God one time, but once you learn his trick, you don't fall to it again, right? You you repent. Say, "Lord, I'm sorry. I didn't mean I didn't mean to do that but you won't do it to me again right you learn from that and so all of us do that we c we allow things to keep us from doing the will of God but we got to learn from that and not let not fall to that again now the children of e of Israel rather were happy to come out of Egypt he said but they still had Egypt in them how many you've heard that statement before they were happy to come out they were excited the Bible said they come out with a strong hand but But they still had Egypt in them. Right. Right. So they were living between two desires when they come out of Egypt. Right. A desire to be free and a desire to be safe. Yeah. Come on. Right. So a fleshly desire and a spiritual desire. Exodus chapter 13 tells us a story. It says in verse 17, "It came to pass when Pharaoh had let the people go that God led them not through the way of the land of the Philistines, although that was near." Right? So they come out of Egypt and go the wrong direction. But it says, "Lest pure adventure of the people repent when they see war and they return to Egypt." So God knows that they wouldn't be able to go the close route. So he takes them the the route with obstacles, the route with no road, the route with no exit, right? Led by God into a trap. So the the Bible says in in in verse 18, it says, "But God led the people about through the way of the wilderness of the Red Sea. And the children of Israel went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt." It means they went up prepared for war because they expected to go right up through to Canaan. It's only three days journey, right? And they expected to go right up into Canaan, but instead they spent 45 years in the wilderness or 40 years in the wilderness. And and but that wasn't God's fault. That was their own hardness of their heart. But yet when they headed out of Egypt, now they go the wrong direction. Now watch. They thought they were going to fight the Philistines and they that was their plan. They went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt. But God had a different plan because he knows the dangers of every route, right? So don't reject the leading of God because it seems to be leading you into a trap. Come on. Yeah. Right. You can't see a way out. And yet you see, I know it, but the Bible says to do it, but I don't see how I'm going to make it. Don't reject the leading of God because he knows more about your path than you do. Knows more about your path than I do. And so, he knows what the what the dangers of every route are. He knows what route it takes for you to make it. I I remember and uh you forgive me if I've repeated this story before, but there was a man in Memphis by the name of Brother Jerome Clayton and he's actually in brother McGary's church now in Dallas and and when he was at brother he come to brother Ivy's church for a while supernatural how he come to the message all on his own and and God showed him things and and he found a church and went to it and and but he always would tell me we went to the Philippines together and he he would just he was just heartbroken. He said, "Brother Ben, why couldn't I have found the message sooner?" Right? "Why couldn't I have grown up in the message?" He said, "You you come to the message. Your parents believe the message." He said, "For me," he said, "I was he I think he was in his 50s when he come to the message." Well, he'd already been married and she left him when he come in the message, divorced him, and and he'd already had a son, and he had gotten out in in Memphis in the gangs and and end up in prison. He told me, "I I wish I could have raised my children in church." church. He said, "I believe it with all of my heart, but I don't understand why God would allow me to take the route that I did." But you understand that God would not have allowed him to take that route unless it was the least dangerous route. It was the best route for him. Yeah. To become a Christian, right? I've told you before, I wanted to be educated. I wanted to go to college. I wanted to do all those things. But God sent me down the route he sent me down because Oh, if we just recognize the goodness of God, he sent me down the route. He sent me down because it was the only way I could be saved. It was the only way I could make it. And so, he leads you into what looks like a wrong situation, but he's leading you there anyway. Now, he won't lead you against the word, but he'll lead you into places that it seems impossible for you to make it out of, and yet you make it out of it somehow anyway. And what is that? He's led you through that in your life. All of us can think of times like that when you didn't understand. Why didn't I understand this before? Why didn't I know this before? Why did I have to take that journey to that other place? And you don't understand what that is. But God's leading you to the Red Sea because he wants to do a miracle in your life. He wants to show you some things and he wants to do Listen, Brother JT, you wonder why does God allow me to live all of my life and then I get sick when it's about time to retire? But it must be that he led you through that route because that's where he needed you to be. Whether to show a miracle in your body or to get you ready for the rapture one way or another, he knows what we need. Are you with me? This really helped me. I hope it helped somebody tonight. Good. They thought the Philistine route was the only route that would take them to the promised land. But God said, "I got another route. I'm going to take you right through the Red Sea and you're not going to be able to see how you're going to make it out. I'm going to make a way where there is no way. Hallelujah. See, many times what we take as punishment is actually protection. We think God is keeping us from good things. And it's actually protection. God, why couldn't I be rich? like the the singer in in Fiddler on the Roof, you know, when he sings, "If I were a rich man and all the things he'd have, but if he was a rich man, he wouldn't have been the man that he was." Right? So, God made you the way. Some men, he allow us to have more money and some people he allow us to and through no fault of your own. Sometimes through fault of our own, but sometimes through no fault of our own, we end up in a certain place. We say, "God, why did you allow me to be here? Why why would you allow a a woman to have her husband taken from him or or from her or or a family to lose their daddy or their mama or or cancer to enter into a house? Why would God even allow that to begin with? Because he already knew the route and what it would take for them because he will not force you to serve him. But he knows what it takes for you to serve him. And if you had to go go to a place that was very dark, he knew it was in the darkness of that prison that he could shine the light to you and show you what you ought to be. And he's so concerned with your character. But Isaac, he's so concerned with forming your character that he may put you in an almost impossible place because he wants you to act, right? He wants you to do something and so you don't see a way. I said, "Well, I don't see an exit, but the exit's already been planned. He's already got a way for you to make it out." Are you with me now? So, it's not punishment, it's protection. Yeah. In Exodus chapter 13 and verse 20 says, "They took their journey from suckth and encamped in Etham in the edge of the wilderness. And the Lord went before them by day in a pillar of cloud to lead them the way by night in a pillar of fire to give them light to go by day and night." You know, I I don't care where he leads me as long as the pillar of fire is leading the way. As long as you're with me. That's what Moses said. He said, "Don't send us down here without your presence." He said, "But Lord, if your presence goes with us, we'll go anywhere. We'll do anything, but if your presence is not with us, he said, don't send us. Yeah. So, he took not away the pillar of the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire by night from before the people. And so, they begin to head off in the what seemed to be the wrong direction. And I can sure some of them began to doubt the leadership of the pillar of fire. Right? Because they, you know, some of them could had compasses or whatever. I don't know how. Maybe they looked at the sun. They said, "We know that Canaan is east of Egypt and we're going south. Can you imagine the murmuring in the camp? Are you sure we've done the right thing by leaving Egypt? It seems like Moses is more concerned with causing us to wander around without food or water than he is with leading us in the right direction. But he was following the pillar of fire. Right. So they begin to doubt that. Now the direction they took caused Pharaoh to pursue them which again seemed like another proof that it would be wrong. A as I preached to you before you know sometimes everything that you know all the proof that can come to you will come in the wrong direction. So when when when uh Elohim come to Abraham remember he made a body of flesh and come to him and and sprinkle dust on his clothes, right? We preached about that. He had dust all over his clothes. The evidence showed that these men had come from the earth. Right? That's what the dust showed that they come from the earth. But Abraham said, "I know there's something different about these men. They come from heaven in spite of the evidence." He believed, "Oh, it's going to take a bride like that to leave here one of these days of people that believe God. No matter what the evidence shows, but I believe that God is real. I believe he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I believe in what this message brought us." Yeah. in spite of whatever evidence people want to show to the contrary, realizing it's just there to test their faith. Look, the direction they took caused Pharaoh to pursue them. But that's what God wanted, right? Because when I would do good, evil is present. Exodus 14:1, the Lord spake to Moses, saying, speaking to the children of Israel that they turn and encamp before by Harroth between Mdall and the sea, over against Belafon, there before it shall you encamp by the sea. For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel. God's told Moses this ahead of time. He's saying, "I want you to do this because Pharaoh's going to say that there they are entangled in the land." Right? God may have led you on a path and he said, "Now, the devil's going to say that you'll never serve God after." Didn't that what he said about Job? He said he'll never serve God after going through this. He said, "You take your hedge out from around him and let me touch him and he'll never serve you. He'll curse you." But he didn't do it. And God knew he wouldn't do it. So God actually tricked Pharaoh. Hallelujah. Because he knew the children of Israel needed to see their tormentors drowned under the sea. Listen to me. Sometimes he allows things to come upon you because he needs you to see that you can't do nothing by yourself. But when it comes time, he's going to destroy it. And when he destroys them, you're going to be able to watch them go under the water. Amen. Hallelujah. Pharaoh said, "They're entangled in the land. The wilderness has shut them in." They said, "And I will harden Pharaoh's heart that he shall follow after them. I will be honored upon Pharaoh and upon all his host that the Egyptians may know that I am the Lord." And they did so. And the Lord hardened the heart of Pharaoh. Verse eight. And the king of Egypt, he pursued after the children of Israel. And the children of Israel went out with a high hand. But the Egyptians pursued after them all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, his horsemen, and his army, and overtook them in camping by the sea. And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and behold, the Egyptians marched after them. Notice they lifted up their eyes, they could see the Egyptians coming. Right? And when they turned around this way, they could see a Red Sea. Brother Brandham said there was mountains on either side of them. Yeah, there was a Red Sea behind them and Pharaoh's army was this coming this direction. What were they going to do? Oh my. What are you going to do when you get in a place that seems impossible? Go in the direction he was leading. Even when the pillar of fire moved behind him instead of in front of him, he still protected them. But go in the direction he was leading you to. Don't stop now. Don't change directions now. Don't give up now. Go in that same direction. Keep your eyes set on the promised land. All right. And they saw, what is that? One of the five senses. They saw it. It proved to them they were going to die. Right? And they were so afraid. The children of Israel cried unto the Lord. They said to Moses, "Because there were no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? Wherefore hast thou dealt thus with us to carry us forth out of Egypt?" They blamed it all on the messenger like they'd never wanted to go in the first place. Is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, "Let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians. For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians than that we should die in the wilderness." See, they never said that when God was plaguing the Egyptians. And they were and the Egyptians were giving them gold and food and everything else for the journey. But now they begin to complain. And and so many times, and I hope that you're listening tonight, and and and those that aren't here as well, if you're watching, I want you to listen closely to this. Fear is often what drives our negative response. Right? When we see something, when we hear something, when we experience something, it's fear that drives a negative response. If we weren't afraid, we wouldn't react in the way that we do. And it goes down to a trust issue, right, between us and God. And I think all of us could trust God more than we do now, right? Because if we really trust God, we would never be negative about anything. That's even hard on preachers because I get negative about myself, right? We get negative after preaching because you feel like you didn't get it across in the way that God gave it to you and it wasn't just as good as what what you so good when you hurt when you tasted it and then it was bitter in the stomach, you know, and it just maybe wasn't as good as what you thought it was going to be and you think you feel under unappreciated or underappreciated. I'm every other preacher does. I don't because y'all appreciate me so much. But but we all the devil can talk to us too. But if it wasn't for fear, we would have no negative response to anything that happened, right? But fear is actually what drives that negative response. If they really believe that God would take care of them, they'd have seen the Red Sea. They'd have seen the mountains. They'd have seen the Pharaoh's army. And they'd have said, "We're going to make it." Right? And that's what God wants in this hour. He wants a people who will see the Red Sea, who will see Pharaoh's army, who will see the mountains, and they'll say, "We're going to make it." Why? Because they're not living between two desires, but they've they've given Christ their heart. They've been married to the word. That's what that means. I I've fully given in and surrendered to the desire of the Lord. See, when we when we trust him the way that we should, fear loses its hold in our lives. Amen. In Exodus 14:13, Moses said to the people, "Fear you not. Stand still." So, he knew what the problem was. They were afraid. Yeah. He said, "Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord." Boy, what a message. Moses is just preaching a faith message right in the middle of trouble. Right? He's telling them, "Don't be afraid. Don't worry. See the salvation of the Lord, which he shall show you today. For the Egyptians whom you have seen today, you shall see them again. no more forever. I love this. Moses spoke that by faith because he believed God was going to carry him on over, but he didn't know how God was going to do it. But he spoke it by faith and knowing that, you know, between them and the Egyptians, somebody is going to get rid of the other one. Somebody's going to win today. And it must be us because we're the ones who are called by God. We're the ones who've led out. We're the ones who've seen the supernatural. So, it must be them who's going to meet their end. He said, "The Lord shall fight for you. You should hold your peace." He preached that powerful sermon of faith, and in his heart, he's crying to God. He's saying, "Lord, how?" I know you're going to take care of us, but I don't know how. Lord, show me. Show me what to do. Do we climb over the mountain? Do we fight? Do Do we What do we do? How can we do it? And the Lord said to Moses, this how we know Moses was crying in his heart because God told Moses, "Wherefore cryst thou unto me? Yes, sir. Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward." Yes. He said, "Then we find out Moses had a commission to bring those people out of Egypt to that mountain and there it was in the line of duty and Moses began to cry to God." So you see how that goes in with what we were talking about thirst. Now they were in the line of duty. Brother Brandon said, "And Satan will always put an obstacle up in the line of duty. But you got a a responsibility and a promise and a and as Christians, what do we do?" We have such a a desire, a painful desire to serve God that we'll do what God says. We'll continue in the line of duty, even though it might hurt. Even though we don't know a way out, because we we just got to do the will of God. And that's what it comes down to, church. Now, look, in the line of duty, Moses began to cry to God when he saw the pillar of fire hanging up here. And there come Pharaoh's chariots. And he cried. The pillar of fire come down was light to them and darkness to them. And God said, "Why are you crying to me? I commissioned you to do it. Speak and go forward." He said, "The trouble of it is today the churches speak." It looked like say, "Well, what did Moody say? What did Sanki say?" They get in a tight spot and they go back to another generation, another message. That's what a lot of people do today even around the They go back to another message. Back to another generation. What did Moody say? What did Sanki say? speak and say what God said. Let's go forward, not look back. Go this way. See, everybody wants to look today at what YouTube says, sir. Everybody wants to look and see. I I see parents and and I don't I'm not trying to condemn you. And sometimes that stuff can be helpful, but I see parents, they become overly reliant on what the internet says about how to parent children. And we got a book that tells us, right? and they become overly reliant on on YouTube on on what to believe about the message or maybe on some preacher somewhere or something like that. But if God said go, let's just go. Everybody wants to look at what somebody else says and get somebody else's opinion. But if God said that we can have our healing, let's go forward and claim our healing. If God said he was the same yesterday, today, and forever, let's go forward and believe that. We're not looking at nobody said, "Well, so and so failed and so and so failed." We're not looking at them. We're looking what the promise says. Not look what Moody said or what Sanki said or what the internet said or even what a former pastor, somebody else said, but let's look at what God said. Not even our current pastor. We're not just going to take what he says. Let's see what God says. When the when the former when the current when the pastor says what God says, we believe it, right? But if you don't say what God says, we're going to take what God says. So we we contrast what Moses did as we're trying to hurry through this tonight. We can say so much more about that, but I want to contrast that with Joshua who was in the heat of the battle. And what did he do? He said, "Son, stand still." Right? He He never prayed, sir. He never he never even gotten in the spirit to do it. But it just needed to be done. He didn't have time to call in an orchestra like the prophet did, right? To get in the right spirit to to prophesy. But but Joshua didn't have time. And in that emergency situation, when he didn't have time, there was nothing else he could do. He just spoke. He said, "Son, stand still." What a crazy thing to say. Because every time that that every day that he had ever lived, the sun had come up and he'd go down, right? He had years of evidence. Every time, every day, even if it was cloudy, he knew sun goes up, the sun goes back down. Every time you try to do the will of God, there's an obstacle. God put me in a place. He let me pastor a church in an area with the highest humidity and I got allergies. But you know what? We're going to overcome that obstacle. Are you with me now? So Joshua knew. Now, now he was fighting this battle. Now, there's something Joshua knew that we don't understand a lot of times. Are you still with me tonight? We don't understand the urgency of defeating the enemy while we're fighting him. Right? We don't just come to an agreement. I thought about this with this thing with Iran and Israel. You know, the thought occurred to me, they better make sure they destroyed all the nukes because if they live to fight another day, they'll fight harder and they'll learn from the battle and they'll hide stuff better and they'll go quicker towards a nuclear weapon. Right? So, when you're doing it, that's the lesson of World War II, unconditional surrender. That's why we've failed every other war we've been in because we we failed to learn that lesson. But in World War II, there was unconditional surrender. We're not going to let you give up. We're going to come in and take it. Right? And the reason for that is Joshua understood like these guys, if if I let if we stop at the end of the day, they're going to be that much stronger tomorrow. So, if you got depression, if you fight with uh if you fight with some spirit on you trying to make you do something that's not right, and you fight with that, and maybe you come to a place, you say, "Well, I feel pretty good. good. I can go to church. You keep fighting that thing, right? Keep fighting it. Don't let it sit there, right? Because as long as it's there and hasn't been gotten rid of completely, it'll get stronger and come back. You don't want to live at peace with it. You want to get rid of it. Well, you want a total deliverance. How many want that tonight? So, you speak and say what God said. Let's go forward. Let's let's go ahead. That's what Joshua did. So, Joshua knew if he let them live to fight another day, the battle would be twice as hard. So, Brother Brham said, "There's where ministers, there's where we fail." He said, "There's where the church fails. With this revival we've just had, this great campaign that started across the country." He said, "When we had the enemy running, we should have kept him on the run." He said, "But the thing of it is we just had to go off on tantrums and so forth. Big sprees of buildings and making more for our groups and so forth." He said, "And there you come and separating yourselves from the word and taking this that and then building up some more of their organization, starting something else." He said, "That's the way it always goes. That's the way it was in Luther and Wesley and Moody and Sakei and Finny and Nox and Calvin all the way down. It's been the same way. They get their eyes off of the revival and get it onto what they can do for themselves. Right. I I I've I've always been a I I love to study warfare and battles and things like that. I've always found one of the worst things that can happen is when the soldiers realize they can take the spoil of the enemy. And when they do, there's a counterattack coming and they're going to come back and destroy them because they think they can tell us what happened at the Battle of Shiloh in Tennessee. The the the Confederates got drunk on the Union whiskey and and it slowed them down enough that they lived to fight another day and they come back and defeated them the next day. Yeah. So what happens is they they get their eyes off of the revival. They say, "Well, let's build a church. Let's build a church isn't wrong." But when you just get your eyes on the money, you get your eyes on the people, you get your eyes on something else instead of saying, "Lord, keep us in revival. Let's follow the light of the word." Right? So, brother Brandon said that Joshua was different. He said the revival was almost at the end of the close of it like we stand today. He knew if he ever waited till the enemy gets fortified, got fortified against him, it would be hard to win that battle. You know what he did? He knew that God promised that land. He needed more time. So the sun was about to go down. He said, "Son, stand still." You say, "Oh, if I had to I if I know we just lived in that day." But Jesus said in Mark 11:24, "If you say to this mountain, be moved. And don't doubt in your heart, but believe what you said will come to pass, you can have what you said." He said, "Still grace." It was grace that caused the son to stop. And it's still grace today. And a paradox on down into our age. What's a paradox? A miracle, an impossibility, but yet it's still true. Yeah. Amen. He said that moon and sun stood still until Joshua fought his way through. Listen, he didn't ask God to to just take the battle away. But he said just give me more time. We got him on the run. How many could say that tonight? I got the I got the devil by the tail. I I just want to I just want to keep him on the run. I He's been running from me, but he wants to hide in the shadows of my life. I'm going to say I'm going to take a complete deliverance. I'm going to fight him, brother. As as the man said, he said, "I'm going to fight him with everything I got." He said, "I'm going to gum him." He said, "I'm going to bite him." He said, "It don't have no teeth, then I'll gum him to death." Right? Why cry? Speak. Go forward and fight. If you need light to fight in, he'll provide it. That tells me we're not out of a We're not in an era where revival is impossible. Worldwide revival is impossible. A sweeping revival in the nation's impossible, but revival is not impossible to Joshua because Joshua said that cycle of revival and death never failed. But Joshua stood in the midst of it and said, "Son, stand still." Because what was it? He was in the bride revival. Y'all know what I'm speaking of tonight. Brother Bren said, he said, he said, "You go out there and say mountain move. I want to show you I can do it." It won't do it. But if it's in the line of duty when God has commanded you to do something, he said like he said to Moses, "Why cry to me? Speak to the children." People today is crying all the time, Lord, what next? What next? Just speak and go forward. He said, "That's right. God has commissioned us to do something. Let's do it." Don't stand around and think about it. Say, "How can it happen?" Well, this this is that. He said, "Makes any difference. If God said it, do it anyhow." He's still the God of miracles. How many believe that today? He's still the God of miracles. He can still do a paradox. But that cycle of revival and death stopped with Joshua. It's never failed. But it but it stopped with Joshua. Let's keep the devil on the run till the death is defeated. That's what we're headed for is a rapture. This revival doesn't end until we've whipped every enemy. And the Bible said the last enemy that'll be destroyed is death. He said he'll continue putting the devil under his feet until every enemy is destroyed. And the last enemy is death. Yeah. See, Joshua, brother Brandon said Joshua understood. Moses forgot. He said God had to call his attention to it. Yeah. How many times he done that to you and to me? Why are you crying to me? I sent you to do the job. Speak and go on to your objective. Hallelujah. I told you you'd come to this mountain. Take them children and lead them on. Just speak. I don't care what's in your way. He said, "Move it out of the way. I give you authority to do it. He said, 'You spoke flies and fleas and creation and things like that. He said, 'No, what are you hollering to me about? He said, 'Why are you coming to me hollering these things? Just speak and watch it move. See, and and he goes and he tells about Samson. Samson didn't cry when they shut the gates. He didn't sit there and said, "Oh no, 600 lb gates. How am I ever going to do that?" They were in his way. And he was anointed by God. Yeah. And so what does he do when something's in your way? What do you do? H how did how did Grant take Richmond as he came to it? Right? How do you take the gates? You just walk to them. You pick them up and you carry them. He said, "But I can't carry them." That's not what the word says. If if it's on the other side, if if if the promise is laying on the other side of those gates, then you know, he said, "My your seed will possess the gate of his enemy." So the promise is you're going to be able to make it. A man can't do that. But he was in the line of duty. Nothing can stand in his way. But the Bram said he had an anointed gift from God. He didn't have to cry out, "Lord, what must I do now?" He was already anointed to do it. He said that was thus sayeth the Lord. Get rid of them. Hallelujah. Get rid of them. I've raised you up for that purpose. What did he do? He just walked right through the gates. Put him on his shoulders, climbed up a mountain, sat down. Now, Brother Brandham's talking about himself. I know sometimes that's hard for us to hear, but it's true. the the message why Christ speak is a very personal message to brother Brandham. He said I was trying to get you know meetings and trying to figure out he said always he said I'd wait to have meetings until God showed me and God was fixing to change his ministry over to the opening of the word. We see that in hindsight but God didn't show him everything right going into it. So he's looking at said, "What do I do, Lord?" He said, "I've always waited on the leadership of the spirit, the leadership of the Lord." And God didn't show him anything. And and Brother Ran preaches messages like Time of Decision and My New Ministry and all those messages where he talks about how much he struggled. At one point, he even come off the field because he he just didn't understand why things the meetings were dying down and he knew something was changing, but he didn't know what it was. He knew he had a new ministry, but he wasn't sure of the nature of that ministry. So because God God uh bring he he interprets his word by bringing it to pass and that's what he did. So uh brother Brandham was talking about himself and he brother Brandham in that sermon uh why Christ speak the Lord spoke to him. He said didn't I write your name on a mountain? If I wrote your name on a mountain he said why Christ speak? Are you with me now? Oh church don't you realize you're the bride of Jesus Christ? He said well I'm not going to be able to do it. I I just can't live like I should. I just can't do what I should. Maybe some of you mamas get to the point where you feel so discouraged. You say, "I just don't have time in the day to do what I need to do and take care of my children and and serve and do the things I need to do for my husband and help at the church. I just don't have time to do it." And many people will back up from that. But God said, "I've given you a responsibility. And if he gave you a responsibility, if he gave you children, if he anointed you to do it, then what is he going to do? He's going to make it you able to do it in your darkest hour. You can walk through them gates. You can speak to that son. Don't cry about it. Speak and go forward. Do what God's called you to do. Brother said David was anointed to be king. And he was a good shot. That's all he knew. God didn't show him and say, "Well, Goliath's coming. You need to go you need to go out here and and train for Goliath." God didn't show him that, but he was training him anyway. So all David knew is he was anointed and he was a good shot. And Goliath come up in front of him and what did he do? He picked up his his sling. He told Saul, he said, "I can't use your armor. I don't know it." So he used what he knew. Oh my. That that would be good for us as preachers, we got to preach what we know. We got to use what God give us. We can't use somebody else's anointing. We got to use what God give us. So he used what God give him. And and he was anointed. And he was vindicated to be a good shot cuz he killed the lion, killed the bear. You realize what God what happened? You said, "Why did the lion come against me?" God wanted to vindicate you. Why did the bear come against me? God wanted to vindicate. Brother Joe, that you'd stay in the house of God, that you live for God. And if he vindicated you to be a pillar of the church, if he vindicated you to be a person who's not easily shaken, then when tougher times come, you can walk right up to it and say, "I know I'm a good shot and I know I'm anointed, so I'm going to go out and kill this Goliath." He said, "Today, I'm going to take your head from you." He didn't know exactly how God was going to do it. All he had to do was move his arm and release the stone. Oh, glory to God. By faith, he released it. And when he did, it went to its the exact place where it do the most damage. Right. David was anointed and vindicated. Goliath was anyway till he took what he knew and trusted and defeated him with that. But the Brandon said God must have got enough of Moses. I I'm almost done. I'm out of time. Some of y'all wanted me to preach longer on Wednesday nights. I Boy, it got quiet, didn't it? He said, "Why are you crying to me about it?" God got fed up with it. Didn't I tell you to go do this? Didn't I promise I'd do it? I'd be with your mouth. I'd speak through you. I'd do this. You'd show signs and wonders. I'm going to skip through some of this, Sister Joanna, so I apologize, but didn't I promise to do it? He said, "Have not. I've done it just exactly." He He said on down, he said, he said, "Oh," he said, "you know you have need of it. You know, you're going to take these children to the promised land. You're pinned up here in a corner, right? Nothing else you can do. So, there's a need. What are you crying to me about? What are you looking at me for? What are you calling on me about? Haven't I proved it to the people?" He said, 'I promised I'd be with your lips. Didn't I call you and say I sent you to do it? The man was preaching that himself. I'd vindicate and prove it. Haven't I done it? He said, ' Then when any little thing comes up, he said, "Why do you act like a baby? You ought to be a man. Speak to the people. Come on. Then move forward. There you are. Don't cry. Speak. What are you crying to me about? Just speak to the people. Go forward to your objective. Whatever it is, if it's sickness, whatever it is, to raise the dead, whatever it is, speak. I proved it. Speak to the people." He said, "What a lesson." He said, "Oh my, at this stage of the journey where we are standing, look where we're at now." Yes, sir. At the third pole. This is when July of 1963. He said, "Yes, they're at the third pole." Notice we're right here at the door of the coming of the Lord. Oh, God was about to do something. And God was already unfolding the the opening of the word in his life. And he told him, he said, "Don't cry to me. Speak and do what you're called to do. This is the hour to speak. Don't be afraid. Speak the word and go forward. But the children of Israel were living between those two desires. So it's easy for them to look at what they could see and hear and then imagine their death at the hands of the Egyptians. Right? Because the five senses of the body feed into the five senses of the spirit. You married people know what I'm talking about because your five senses something will happen. Somebody will say something to you. You'll see it. You'll say that was disrespectful. Right? And then what does that do? I don't know who I'm preaching to tonight, but it feeds in into your imagination, right? Or maybe just around the church. Don't have to be married people. Maybe the pastor walks by and doesn't shake your hand and because he would had something on his mind, he was going so right. Now I'm speaking to myself in the third person. I am getting old, but he didn't mean to do that. I'm closing in just a moment. He didn't mean to do that. But but what was it then? You're you see it, right? you felt it or you lacked the feeling of it. Usually he shakes my hand, right? That the devil does that to me, too, right? Somebody don't show up at church. Well, they must be backslid, huh? Well, they probably not, but the devil make you think that, right? Maybe then it won't ever come back, right? And well, it's just the imagination. So, the five senses of the flesh feed into the five senses of the spirit and and pretty soon you imagine your death. Right. Right. That's what they did. They said, "We're going to die." Moses saw the same thing. He felt the same thing. He could reach down on this side and feel water. He knew that water was real. And that sea was too deep for them to cross. He didn't have any boats. He had no way of making it through. Like some of you get at the end of the month, you say, "How are we going to make it this month?" But God will make a way. Right. Amen. And Moses saw it and he felt it. But he chose to obey God anyway. He saw the same thing they did. Felt the same thing they did. But the obstacle, he didn't let it bother him. He said, "I'm not going to stay between two desires. I'm going to follow the desire of the Lord. I I got a painful desire to serve God, to do the will of God, but I'm going to do it." God, but God told him, "Lift up your rod and stretch it out, and the children of Israel should go on dry ground." God was moving behind the scenes. Angel God went and removed and went behind them. The pillar of cloud went from before their face stood behind him. If he brought you to a Red Sea, he'll keep you from the enemy. And Moses stretched out his hand, verse 21, over the sea. And the Lord caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night. May the sea dry land and the waters were divided. What did God do? Exactly what he said he would do. Brother Brandon said it looked like here was Moses and Israel right in the line of duty with a pillar of fire leading them and led them right down into a trap. Listen to this statement. God likes to get his people in traps. Come on now. See what they'll do. Amen. Every son that cometh to God must first be tried and chasened. He gets him there. He brings you here. He puts you in between opinions. Now, that could be mental telepathy. Could it be? He put you in a trap to see what kind of a decision you're going to make. That's right. Search the scripture. Jesus said, "They testify me." You know, God lets it get that way. So, he brought them right into a trap between death on one side and death on the other side. Sometimes he does that. Let the doctor walk away and say, "You ain't going to live. You're going to die. That cancer is going to kill you. You'll never get up out of that chair." It seemed like he leaves you with no retreat. But he is your retreat. How many can say amen to that tonight? He is your retreat. Fall back into his arms, sir. What do you do to stop living between two desires? The desire that you have for God and his word must be life or death. Yeah. Right. Right. To a Christian when he's not doing what he's supposed to be doing or she's not doing what she's supposed to be doing, there's something inside it becomes painful. I'm doing this instead of being where God wanted me to be. And it's painful. Yeah. It hurts. And I got to get back. See, I've said this before, but the pain of the separation has to be more than the pleasure of the sin. Yeah. The pain of separation, that's what you do when you discipline your children. What do you do? You spank them. What do you spank them? Because the pain, the pain has to be greater than the pleasure they got in doing it or they'll do it again, right? And God allows us to get into spots, into tight spots sometimes because he wants us to be to desire him. Yeah. He he's disciplining his children. He's chasening his children. He He wants us to desire him. I think of CS Lewis who made the statement. He said, "It seems that our Lord finds our desires are not too strong, but they're too weak." Right? He said, "We follow, we fool about half-heartedly with drink and sex and ambition when infinite joy is offered to us. And like an ignorant child playing with mud pies in a slum because he can't imagine what's meant by the offer of a vacation at the sea." He said, "We are far too easily pleased." Oh, God. But how do you get out from between two opinions? As the heart pants for the waterbrooks, as the musicians come, the heart pants for the waterbrooks. The art desires something about it. It's between life and death. It's got to become real to you. You got to recognize the danger. Brother Bram talked about how in Africa and in Israel where David was when he wrote that there was wild dogs and the wild dogs weren't like that beagle we've got wouldn't hurt a fly tried to chase a rabbit and the rabbit just taunts him at the end of his chain. But he ain't like that them wild dogs are worse sometimes than a lion or a tiger because they work in packs. are ferocious and a deer, it's a death sentence to get chased by one and they catch you. But if a deer got caught, brother Brandon said sometimes they grab them by the neck and and throw their weight down and then the deer was gone. But sometimes they just grab them by the heel or grab them in another spot in their body and it would cause them to bleed. They knew right where by instinct the dog knows right where to get to make them bleed the most. And when they grab a hold of them, they begin to bleed out. And there's only one remedy for the deer. Oh, I'm going to tell you tonight, church, there's only one remedy if you're caught between two opinions. There's only one remedy if you don't know what to do. Find that desire for God that's so great. It's like a deer that got hurt, got wounded, and wants the water so badly that they'll put forth all their effort. Even though the harder they run, the more the the the heart pumps the blood out of the body, but they say, "I've got to get to the water." Brother said, "There's something about the water that stops the bleeding." Listen to me, church. That's the way I feel about being in the house of God. There's some there's a painful desire in my heart. I want to get to the water cuz if I can get in his presence, oh, church, if I can get in his presence, so I can get where the water, where the spirit is, I know I know that he can stop the bleeding. Whatever the devil's wounded me by, whatever he's wounded you by, you're he's able to stop the bleeding. There's something about the water. It has something in it and it's so cold and so good, it actually stops. It makes the blood thicken up. Stops the bleeding. But brother Brandon said, "When we come at it kind of halfway," he said, "Well, I'll kneel down and see what the Lord does." See, you're not really thirsting yet. He said, "It's got to be a thirst between death and life, and then something takes place." There had to be a cry in Moses' heart. Lord, I'm going to do whatever you say. And God said, why Christ speak? Go forward. Go to the water. Go to the go to the place. Go to the house of God. David said, I was about to backside. He said, my feet my feet were in slippery places. He said, but then I went to the house of God and I saw the end of the wicked man. He said, and I I realized that I was going to be okay. Oh, church, we just recognize that tonight. Hallelujah. I wonder if the word of God could become so precious to us that we would do anything to keep it. And and many times you say, "Well, why can't I feel the presence of God like I used to? Why am I in this slump? Why is it that I've come to a place where it seemed like I can't serve him like I want to?" Maybe he let you get to that place because he wants that desire for him to increase in your heart until it becomes so painful. You do anything to receive the Holy Ghost. You do anything for a refilling. You do anything to serve him. Hallelujah. May it become that precious to us tonight. You can say, "I I'm I'm going to speak to my mountain and walk through it because I believe speak to my Red Sea and turn a trap into a testimony cuz I believe he's going to do it." Would you bow your heads with me tonight? That's how to get out from between two desires or two opinions. The Bible says, "Why halt you between two opinions?" If the Lord is God, serve him. That's what Elijah said to the prophets of Baal. If the Lord is God, serve him. Baal be God. Serve him. Don't stay in the middle. Let that desire increase in your heart for God. Oh, that God would give us a heart desire for revival. Every one of us would give a heart desire to see revival in the house of God. Revival in our area. Revival. We got meetings coming up. Say, "Oh, God, I've seen you heal the sick in our meetings. I've seen you bring people into the house of God. Would you do it again, Lord? Would you do it again? Maybe you got rid of that feeling that you had when you got saved, when you come to God, and it just that feeling is not there anymore. God, I know it's still there for me. I know there's still revival for me. Let me let me hunger for it, Lord. Let me thirst for it with that painful desire. [Music] I'm not going to let anything get in my way. I'm going to serve you with all of my heart. I'm not going to look at what the eyes see or what the ears hear, what I can feel, what I can smell, but I'm going to look at you, Lord, and I'm going to believe you by the six sense. Hallelujah. I'm going to believe your word. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, I pray that you just move tonight. And Lord, I know it's not a a big service or even a Sunday service, Lord, on a Wednesday night. Lord, I know a revival is not not bringing in new members, but your prophet taught us that a revival was just letting the sea get stirred up. The water that was already there get stirred up and a moving of the spirit that would cause the sin to go out on the edge and people to recognize their need of God. Oh, I pray it would be so here tonight. Lord, wash all the trash out of us. all the old ideas, what whatever's been holding us back from fully committing to the will of God in our lives. Lord, help us. Help us to let go of it and do the will of God. I pray you'd grant it. Lord, we want to see miracles. We don't want everything to just happen because we planned it. We want to see miracles. And Lord, sometimes you let us be surprised because that's what your desire is. Well, you want to do miracles for us. I pray God we would accept those miracles tonight and believe for them Lord and walk forward. Give us a hunger Lord. Give us a thirst, oh God, for me and my family, for my children, for our young people who I love so much, Lord. Lord, I just think about them every day and think about all that, Lord, the potential that they have. I pray you'd put a painful desire in their hearts. Even if mom and dad don't want to come to church, then put a desire in the hearts of the young people, Lord, that they'd want to come to the house of God. Lord, put a desire in the hearts of of every man and woman, boy and girl and our elders, Lord, we thank you for what we've seen, for their faithfulness, oh God, but at this late hour, may they not fall back or backslide at this time, but may they may they have a fervent desire to serve you. Oh God, I pray it would be so tonight. We love you and we thank you for this service. been committed to your hands in Jesus name. Hallelujah. I'm sorry I held you extra long tonight, but you you'll forgive me. Let's just worship the Lord with all of our heart. If you need to pray, the altar's open. It's still there for you. You can walk you can walk through the obstacle. It's it's not too big that you can't go over it. It's not too too deep that you can't He can't part the sea. He can still do that today. Why don't you believe in a God of miracles? If you want to come pray, come pray with our sister. We'll be have a time of prayer before we go tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's just stand together. Amen. Worship him. Worship him. Pray where you're at. Whatever you want to do, you're welcome to the altar. Break every chain. Hallelujah. Oh, there is power in the name. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. Oh, send revival among us, oh God. Stir our hearts, Lord. Put a painful desire in our hearts to serve you, oh God. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh, to break every chain. Hallelujah. Break every chain. Oh, break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. and break every chain. Oh, there's an army rise up. Don't you want to be part of that army tonight? Oh, there's an army rising up. Oh yes. Oh, there is only rising up. Oh yes. To break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh yes. Oh to break every chain. Break every chain. Break. Break every chain. I want us to I want us to do something tonight. I don't usually do this, but I know the presence of the Lord is here. Would you come gather around and let's just have a season of prayer together. We're just we're not many of us here tonight, but we've got people praying here at the altar and and we'll just gather around as a body of believers. And those of you who are watching tonight, maybe you're in your home and you weren't able to come, just gather here around the front, just as close as you can get and and and just let's just we'll just pray. We'll have a season of prayer for all of us. Our children, they need that painful desire to serve the Lord. They need that. We need that. We need something in our hearts that'll make us serve God, make us do the will of God. Maybe you don't know the will of God. He's able to show you tonight. He's able to lead you. And if you know what it is, then just walk into it. I believe he's able to do. Let's just have a a season of prayer. All of us together, just believe that God's able to help us. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, as I I lay my hands on these young men, Lord, and each one of us, oh God, that are praying and and calling out to you, Lord, you want to hear our voice, Lord. You want to hear us praise, but you also want to hear us pray, oh God. I pray heavenly father that you'd reach down right now on this little group of people or these that sincere young hearts oh God these that have come to the altar oh lord I pray you'd bless them tonight Lord you said that the woman Lord that was seeking salvation when she took the move to the altar or that's when she was saved Lord if someone was seeking the baptism of the Holy Ghost Lord as they were walking down Lord maybe they received it Lord as we were seeking to refill it oh how we want it tonight Lord may by obeying the word of the Lord by praying out, crying out to you, Lord, may we receive it today. Give us the courage and the strength, Lord. If we know the will of God to do it, Lord, to find out what it is, to read our Bibles, to listen to the message of the hour, Lord, find out what the will of God is and then go do it. Give us courage, God. Help us not to be swayed by man's opinion. Help us not to be swayed by the opinion of others. But Lord, may we all begin to do your will, oh God. I pray you granted tonight. We pray for our young people. Lord, may there not one of them be lost. Oh God, I pray Lord, you said the the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much. I pray you'd keep our young people in the house of God. I pray for protection over them. Lord, I pray as if some of them learning to drive and going out, Lord, I pray your angel would be with them, oh God. Lord, on the road so, oh God, I pray you'd grant it, Lord. I pray you'd move, oh God, move. May there be a revival break out among our younger youth and our older youth, oh God. I pray you'd grant it tonight. I pray for our young couples, Lord. Lord, that are seeking you with all of their heart, Lord, and they married, Lord, maybe the little children, they don't always know what to do, but Lord, you we know that you are the God of wisdom. You're able to teach them, Lord. And if there's no obstacle too big that you can't help them, oh God, I pray for those that aren't here tonight that are watching, Lord, and watching and or maybe they weren't able to watch, but they'll watch it later. I pray, God, that you'd bless them. I pray you'd may this same spirit that's in this building tonight go into the place where they're at. I pray for our our middle-aged folks, Lord. Our elders, I pray you'd keep them, Lord. May you bless them, oh God. Bless their hands for work, Lord. Whatever it is you've called them to do, may they do it with a fervent spirit. I pray. I pray you'd bless our elders, Lord. Those who really, Lord, may it's hard for them sometimes even to come to the house of God. I pray you'd strengthen the feeble knees, Lord. Lift up the hands that hang down, oh God. May there be a shout of God in the camp again. I pray you'd grant it tonight. Oh, how we love you, Lord. We thank you. We worship you now, Lord. We believe, Lord. We believe you granted our request and our petition. We pray for those that are sick, Lord. I pray for those who are sick, Lord, even even in their minds that depression and stuff has gotten a hold of them. Uh, and anxiety, Lord, I pray, God, that you'd come down and heal them right now, Lord. I pray you'd you'd cast that devil out in the name of Jesus. I pray you'd grant it, Lord God. Lord, I pray for those that are sick and body, heal them tonight, Lord. These special requests that were made tonight, I pray you'd heal them and meet these needs. Oh God, send a revival among us, oh God. Strengthen us, oh Lord, for the work that we have to do. May we may we may be small in number, Lord, but we're mighty in spirit, oh God. May we continue to do what you've called us to do and not be afraid of anything, of any obstacle the devil would bring. I pray you grant it, Lord. Oh, we thank you tonight. We love you and we thank you. We worship you with all of our hearts in Jesus name. We believe you heard our prayer, Lord. In Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just worship him. Hallelujah. If you need to go back to your seats, you're welcome to just worship him for a minute. And we believe that he has met our desire, our request. Just worship him with all your heart. As brother Jo. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. There's a bride. Hallelujah. She's rising. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. There's a bride. Hallelujah. She's rising up. Thank you, Lord. Oh, to break every chain. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, there's an army riseing up. Oh, there's an army. We're rising up. Oh, there's an army riseing up. to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Well, there's a bride and we're riseing up. Oh, there's a bride. We're rising up. Oh, there's a bride. We're rising up. Oh, break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's nothing like the presence, nothing like the presence, nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's nothing. I'll sing it now. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of There's healing in the presence. Oh, there's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Oh, there's healing in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Sing it like this. There's freedom in the presence. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Oh, there's freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence, freedom in the presence of the Lord with all your hearts now. Well, I am free in his presence and I am healed in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi. Lord, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. One more time with all your hearts now. Oh, I am free. Are you free tonight? Oh, in his presence and I am healed in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi. Oh, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. And we'll walk in the light. It's such a beautiful light. And it comes where the dear drops of mercy are bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? Lord Jesus, the light of Oh, if you're walking in that light, let me hear you sing it now. Oh, we walk in the light. It's such a beautiful life. And it comes where the two drops of mercy are bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? Oh, he's Jesus, the light of Oh, if you believe it tonight, can you just sing with all your hearts now? Oh, we'll walk in the light. It's such a beautiful light. Oh, it comes where the dew drops of mercies are bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? Oh Jesus, the light of the world. One more before we go. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. Yes, I'm amazed at how you care. It was through your precious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. Oh, they're all washed away. All my sins are washed. One more time with all your hearts now. Oh yes. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm so amazed at how you care. It was through your preious blood I found pardoned and my sins are washed. Oh, they're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Man, been blessed by the word this evening. Amen. I believe that'll do us good if we can just take that. I love that. How long will you halt between two opinions? If God be God, let's serve him. Can we do that? Amen. Let's just serve the Lord with all of our hearts now. Amen. And I'm getting ready to leave this world key of G as we go now. God bless you. You're dismissed. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world of sorrow. I'm getting ready for the gates of pearl. Keeping my record right.
