################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - A Mothers love Showing Us God's Love - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    "A Mothers love Showing Us God's Love"
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rRBbtOVZsU
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love you, Lord. [Music] singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love [Music] you, Lord. I I love you. Sing it one more time like that. Singing I Oh, I love you, Lord. [Music] singing I love you Lord [Music] singing I love you dear Lord I [Music] Do you love him this morning? Amen. We want to welcome everyone out to the house of the Lord. All our visitors, God bless you. Good to see each and every one of you here. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome. Can we make him welcome this morning? Amen. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. on the potent father of mercy and grace. Thou art welcome in this. Sing that chorus again with all your hearts now. Oh, Holy Spirit, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, thou art [Music] welcome in this place. All important father of mercy and grace. Thou art welcome in this place. Oh Lord, in thy presence there's healing. divine and no other power can save Lord but [Music] thine and Holy Spirit thou art well in this place. Thou art well. Thou art well in this place. Oh nipples and father of mercy and grace. Thou art welcome in this place. [Music] and sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my [Music] soul. Oh my rest is complete. While I sit at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over. Is that your desire? Can we sing with all our hearts now? Oh, sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Oh, my rest is complete. While I sit at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Is that what you want this morning? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. Are you happy to be in church on a Sunday morning? Man, let's sing this one here. Because of who you are, I give you glory. It's because of who you are, I give you praise. And because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who. Sing that part again. Oh, it's because of who you are. I give you glory. Oh, because of who you are, I give you praise. Oh, because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you. Because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh Jehovah Gyra, Lord my provider. Oh Jehovah n Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom, my prince of peace. And I worship you because of who you are. Oh yes, I worship you because of who you are. Oh, it's because of who you are. I give you glory. And because of who you are, I give you praise. Oh, because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh Jehovah Gyra. Oh my provider. Oh Jehovah [Music] n Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah [Music] Shalom, my prince of peace. Lord, I worship you because of who? Oh yes, we do. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Is that what we come to do this morning is worship the Lord? Amen. Let's speed it up just a little bit. I've never been this homesick [Music] before. Let's just sing with all our hearts now. Well, there's a light in the window and a table spread in splendor. Someone's standing by the open door. Well, I can see the Crystal River. Lord, I must be near forever. Well, I've never been this home. Clap your hands and sing it now. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. Well, I can't see my father standing at the door. For this world is but a wilderness. And I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Well, I can see the family gathering. Sweet faces all familiar. No one's older people anymore. Oh, this lonesome heart is crying. I'm going to spread my wings for flying. Well, I've never been this home sick before. So, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. Well, I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never Let's sing that second verse one more time. Well, I can see the family gathering. Sweet faces all familiar and no one's old or feeble anymore. Oh, this lonesome heart is crying. I'm going to spread my wings for flying. Well, I'm never Oh, how many's ready to go home this morning? Well, just see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. Well, I can see my father's standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never Why don't you turn around and shake somebody's head as they play it one time now? [Music] It's just about home time. Well, I can see my father's standing at the door. Well, this world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never Let's sing that first verse one time now. Well, there's a light in the window. The table spread splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I can see the crystal river. I must be dear forever. Well, I've never been this home sick before. Just see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see. Oh, let me hear you sing it now this world and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home. I'll sing the course with all your hearts. Love to hear you see the bright light shine. It's just [Music] And the door this world is but a wilderness. And I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sitting in before. Give the Lord a big hand of praise this morning. Amen. Good to have all of y'all in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. We just have a couple written requests and and u I'm going to ask brother Braden Savage if he would come and take these needs to the Lord this morning as the ushers would come. It says please pray for sister Becky Puit. She's having migraine headaches this morning. And also uh please pray for brother Joshua Hicks. Uh brother Glenn's son. He is in the hospital in Popular Bluff trying to figure out heart problems. So remember Glenn. He's traveling up there today. So just remember that family in prayer. I don't have any other written requests this morning, but the Lord sees and knows every one of them. Do you believe it this morning? Amen. Just put a put a hand up to the Lord if you have a need this morning. I believe he sees and knows. Man, sure good to have brother Braden with us this morning. God bless you, [Music] buddy. God bless you this morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord with you. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers. Let's just bow our heads together as we go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we just count it an honor and a privilege to stand before your presence this morning with humble hearts. Father, we just come to you. We just ask, Father, that you would have the preeminence, Father, in this service. Every song, Lord, may it just the spirit of the Lord bring it down for the ministering of the word, Father, that it could till our hearts, Father, Lord, that the seed of God could fall down into the right kind of ground, Lord. We pray. Bless these needs, Father. Lord, it has been made mentioned, Lord. May you just move up on them in a special way this morning. We pray. We give this service now to your hands. We ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. Amen. You can be seated. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made. But it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, [Music] Jesus. When the music fades and all is stripped away. And I simply come, longing just to bring something that's of worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have [Music] required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. But I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. And it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. [Music] King of endless world. No one could express how much you deserve. And though I'm weak and poor and all I have is yours. Every single breath I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. Well, I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. Oh yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. And it's all about you. Yes, it's all about singing the chorus again. But I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made it. Well, it's all about you. Yes. It's all about you, [Music] Jesus. Amen. Sister Robin, would you come sing for us this morning? She's got them grandb babiesies. It's hard to get up. Amen. Good to have brother Malachi with us. He spoke for us last Sunday night. Good to have you here, buddy. Amen. Always good to have the family. You know, Mother's Day is funny. You You lose some. They have to go be with their mothers and you gain some. So, y'all that are here this morning, we just enter in and worship with all our hearts. Can we do that? Amen. shall behold his face. Oh, and with him enter heaven city ever to [Applause] acclaim. What a lovely name. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, what a lovely name. The name of Jesus. [Music] reaching higher [Music] far than the brightest [Applause] star. Oh, he be sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saint proclaim. What a lovely name. With all your hearts now. Oh yes. One, a lovely name, the name of Jesus, reaching higher far than the brightest star. Oh, he's sweeter than all the songs they sing in heaven. that the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. Isn't his name lovely? Amen. As we invite the pastor this morning, we're going to sing. There's none like you. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? There's nobody like Jesus. You can look to where he brought you from to where you are now. And because we know who he is, it's my desire to live for him with all my heart. On Mother's Day, we think about, you know, if you don't have a mother here this morning, he can be your mother. You know, sometimes you find yourself in life and you don't have one to go to or call. I've seen the post on Facebook. They say, "Well, I wish I could call my mom, you know, and things like that." And we're all going to get there if the if the Lord carries. But if you think of it like this, he is my father. He's my mother. He's he's everything to me. So, we do we just want to say there's none like him this morning as the pastor comes. Also forgot to mention my my niece. She got married last week. She's here this morning with her husband, Matthew Dutton. And so, it's good to have them here this morning. And if I missed anybody, I'm so sorry. But God bless you all. Let's see. Let's just sing this. Are you ready for the word of the Lord this morning? Amen. How many's ready for the Lord? For the word of the Lord. Amen. I believe he can come and just walk down the aisles and speak to every heart. If you have a need, just hold it while the word goes forth. And I believe it will. The word still works. Do you believe it? Amen. Let's sing this with all our hearts now. Oh, I worship you, Almighty God. There is none. If you believe it, would you slip a hand up to him this morning? I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you [Music] praise for you are my rightuousness. [Music] I worship you almighty God. There is none like you with all your hearts now. Oh, there is none like [Music] you. And no one else can touch my heart like you [Music] do. And I can search for only eternity long and I'd find there is none like singing one with all your hearts now. Oh, there is none like you and you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh yes, I can search for all eternity long and I find there is none like you. Could we raise our hands to sing? I worship you. I worship you, oh mighty God. Oh yes, there is none like you. Oh, I worship you. You are my prince of peace. So I love you, Lord. Oh, that is what I long to do. Oh, I give you praise for you are my rightousness. Oh, I worship you, oh mighty God. Oh, there is none like you. Amen. Would you bow your heads with me for just a moment as we turn to the Lord in prayer? Heavenly Father, you are so good to us, Lord. We're so thankful that you've given us our mothers, Lord, our families. I'm so thankful for eternal life, Lord, that we know that we've been saved. Thank you for peace, Lord, that passes all understanding. When we see, Lord, the signs of the times and prophecy coming to pass all around us, Lord, but yet we are safe and secure in your arms. I thank you for that, Lord. Lord, that we know how it feels when we go to bed at night to know that you're with us, Lord. I I pray that each one that is here this morning would experience that kind of love, that kind of care. Lord, we just want people to know you like like we do, like you know us. Lord, I pray that you'd move this morning. Lord, move me out of the way. I'd be a poor representative of your grace to these people. Lord, I I I don't know what to say, but Lord, you know what to say. You know the need of every heart, Lord. If there'd be one that's sick or maybe one that's not where they should be with you, I pray you'd heal them, Lord. Heal our backsightings, oh God, where we've come away from you, Lord. May we come close to you this morning. I pray you'd grant and we thank you. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Hallelujah. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Good to see each and every one of you here with us. We're so privileged to be in the house of God and to see some of you and some of our mothers, my own mother here this morning and happy Mother's Day to you and Sister Batty, I see you over here and different ones that have already been mentioned and good to have you those of you come honor your mother. It's a wonderful thing to do. Thank you for being here, brother Braden. And I know that meant the world, Sister Jackie, God bless you all. We'll turn with to the scriptures in Isaiah chapter 66. Isaiah 66 and 13. Brother Peter, I can't hardly hear myself still. I can hear a little bit, but Isaiah 66:13 and verse 14. It's good to have my niece and I guess nephew with us this morning. It's good to have you all. He's a westerner. They're he's from Idaho and I guess they're going to go out there and live, but y'all are welcome back anytime to come and visit. And we sure love them and watch Gloria grow up. She was just a baby yesterday. Now she's married and that's hard to take because my own kids are getting to that age too. So we sure we sure love our family so much. Isaiah 66 and 13. As one whom his mother comforth, so will I comfort you, and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem. And when you see this, your heart shall rejoice, and your bones shall flourish like an herb, and the hand of the Lord shall be known toward his servants, and his indignation toward his enemies. I pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated this morning. I want to speak to you about a mother's love expressing the love of God to us. A mother's love expressing the love of God. There's something about a mother that expresses the nature of God in a way that nothing else does. There's something uh that an attribute of God that is revealed in a mother and in the love of a mother in a way that's just we just don't see in other places. It's been said that there's five gospels. Brother Brandham taught us that. He said there was Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and mother. And he said before Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John get to our children, mother gets to them. And and the reason that that's so important is because before that baby can ever even have a a a cognizant thought, before they can ever even uh even feel or or know what they're feeling or before they can ever even know uh what they're doing or before they ever say a word, they they feel and they know a mother's love. And that is something about that that expresses the love of God to that child. that they may forget everything else that they know, but but they're still drawn to that. There's still something that pulls them to that. I'm so thankful for that today. That's that's the nature of a mother's love expressed by or expressing the love of God. And and I believe that the nature of that of a mother's love. And I I think you'll all agree with me this morning that a mother's love to her children is without condition. Right? There's something about a mother's love that to her children, you don't have to earn it. You don't have to you don't have to uh deserve it. You don't have to uh work your way into it. But there's something about the love of a mother that she loves you because of who you are because that's the baby. And she loves you because you're her baby and you'll always be her baby. And she loves you without conditions. When Paul describes agape love in 1 Corinthians 13, he says in verse 5, he says, "It does not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil, rejoicth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth, beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things." And he's speaking of divine love. He's saying this is the attributes of divine love as expressed in agape love. That's the love of God. And so he said this is the attributes. This is what love is. Did you notice verse five? It says seeketh not her own. Have you ever noticed that? Sekeeth not her own. It speaks of something feminine. Now we know in the beginning that God when God made Adam, he made him male and female and and he created him. So he had uh he was he was a a man created and was first created a spirit and then he become a a man and and brother Brandham talked about how that he had both the feminine and masculine spirit in him and then those were separated that they were separated into a man and a woman and Eve come out of his side. And so we we find that uh and that's the way it still is that the mascul man should be masculine and the woman should be feminine. But it's not just the man that was made in the image of God. Remember, brother Brandham said it was the spirit that was made in the image of God. It's not the flesh that's made in the image of God, but it's actually the spirit man. He said because God was the spirit that was made in the image of God. So, while he was had that that that feminine characteristic, there was something about God that wanted to be expressed. So, you you couldn't have the gospel without a mother. There had to be a woman that come that that that bore Jesus. There had to be a virgin that would conceive. There had to be a woman's seed that would bruise the head of the serpent. And and so there was this part of of of God, if we could say that, that would be expressed not in a man or even in a father, but in a mother, right? And only expressed in that. So, and yet it's a characteristic of love in general that we could all have now. Uh but it's you see it in a mother. It comes natural to a mother. They don't have to put it on. But do you notice what it says? It says, "Seekth not her own." Seeketh not her own. I want you to look at that in the amplified version. Says, "It is not conceited, arrogant, and inflated with pride. It is not rude, unmannerly. Does not act be unbecomingly love. God's love in us." Oh, don't you want God's love in you? That's what we want. We want to see God's love displayed in us. He it says God's love in us does not insist on its own rights or its own way for it is not selfseeking. Seketh not her own. It is not self-seeking. It is not touchy or fretful or resentful. Oh my. It takes no account of the evil done to it. It pays no attention to a suffered wrong. And some of y'all can think back right now to things that have gone on in your family. You can look back at your mother and you can see the things that she's been through. And you can say, I know that my there was a quality of that in my mother that she had that maybe I didn't see in anyone else in the family, but I could see that mom was not seeking her own self-g good. She was not she didn't do what she did for herself. She did what she did for me and for her other children. A and so she did not seek her own. And there's a quality of God about that. There's something about there's something uh something divine about that seeketh not her own. And another version it says it does not insist on its own way. Right? Love does not insist on its own way. It is not selfish. John Calvin when he wrote about this he said we're the only thing required of us to seek not our own. In other words, if all that we had to do was not seek our own, we couldn't do it. Because nature would not have the least power to comply because just in the natural in the flesh, we we don't we we seek our own, right? The the the flesh wants, if you don't believe that, get a a toddler, right? And look at a toddler. What is a toddler doing? A toddler doesn't care. They don't care if they interrupt dinner. They don't care if they they wake you up in the middle of the night and and ask you for something. They're not thinking about you when they do that. Who are they thinking about? Themselves, right? The toddler is completely thinking about themselves. God forbid that we would grow up and be like that. But but but the toddler, that's the way they do. They're just that way. They don't they seek their own because that's the natural thing to do. But there's something God put in a mother when she becomes a mother that causes her to do things that would actually hurt her. Do you realize even having children would bring damage to the body of a mother? What makes her do that? Makes what makes her want to have children? What makes her want to raise children? What makes her want to do things and work from sun up to sun down and do the things that a virtuous woman does? It's something about her that seeketh not her own. Oh my. It's completely selfless. Just by our nature, we would not have the least power to do that. Our nature inclines us to love ourselves only. And it will not allow us carelessly to pass by ourselves and our own interests that we may watch over the interests of others or to spontaneously yield our own rights and resign it to another. Oh my. But love is completely selfless, especially as it is expressed. Yes. Through motherhood. Yes. A mother loves when she is not loved. I I think this is true. There's a story that I heard that a a teacher was asking a boy a question. He said he said, "Suppose your mother baked a pie and there were seven of you and and your parents and five children." He's trying to teach him fractions. He said, "You had your parents and five children." Said, "What part of the pie would you get?" The boy said, "A six. One sixth." And and the the man said, "I'm afraid you don't know your fractions. Remember, there's seven of you." He said, 'Yes, said the boy. But you don't know my mother. Mother would say she didn't want any pie. You ever seen that attribute in a mother, right? That she'll she'll claim she don't want to eat so you can eat, right? She's not worried about her own comfort. She wants to see her baby comfortable. She wants to see her children, even when they're grown, she wants to see them comfortable. You go in the house and mama ask you, "Have you had anything to eat?" Well, she's been doing that since you were a baby. Yeah. Right. That's why she still does it. It's that mother instinct in her. She wants to She wants to feed you. She wants to make sure you're okay. And you might be a big old boy. You might be as big as me and walk in there and mama say, "Have you had enough to eat?" Mom my mama worries constantly about me that I might waste away. You know, have you Come on, church. We've all experienced that, right? But what is that? There's something. And we look at that say, "Well, that's just the nature of a mother." But where does that come from? It don't come from the world. It don't come even from the flesh, but it comes from God. It's an attribute of of love. Listen, if a mother got her feelings hurt every time she was underappreciated, taken for granted or or every time she gave without getting anything in return, she'd go insane. Because most of what a mother does, we don't appreciate. We give her a card on Mother's Day and then we just kind of let it go, you know. But we really don't appreciate what a mother does. I think that's true of fathers as well. We don't really appreciate what a father does. Many times in the home, but we really don't appreciate what a mother does. It just it just happens. And especially we're trying to teach our teenagers, you know, as they get older, you don't realize how good you've got it. We work really hard to put things in a position where you can have the freedom that you do and and do the things that you do. And yet it just seems like many times it's unappreciated. But but yet uh you know, a mother, she don't she just forgets about it, right? You can be you can come in and not appreciate her and the next time you see her, she would love you just as much. All right. Yeah. She just forgets it because a mother's love is not transactional. She doesn't love her baby because of what the baby can give her. The baby is completely helpless. And if she does that, she wouldn't be a real mother. Oh my. Listen, brother Brandon was talking about a mother's love. And he said this. He talked about he talked to a mother on the telephone and the mother told him said my poor boy is in trouble. Oh, what a trouble he's in. And brother Brandham said he she said he may be wrong. I don't know. One says this and one says that. But she said no matter whether he's wrong or right, I love him. Yeah. He said there you are. I love him. He said to his mother said, "I've been so deceived by this and that." Said, "Mother, I believe you're about the only sweetheart I really have. A woman that's true to me and sticks to me." He said, "That's mother's love." He said, "That's a real mother that'll put her arms around her baby. Regardless whether he's right or wrong, she goes right on through." Because whether that boy's right or wrong, whether that girl's right or wrong, doesn't matter. Still her baby. I'm going to challenge your thinking here this morning. Do you realize how God thinks about you? He doesn't think about you in a transactional way. He doesn't look at his elect and say, "Well, I love them when they're good, and I don't love them when they're bad. I love them when they when they're when they're living right and I don't love them when they're not living right. But he looks at his elect and he says, "I love you. I love you on Monday and on Tuesday and on Wednesday all the way to Friday and Saturday and Sunday." That's why we don't give up on God's people. No matter how dark they may get, no matter how deep they may go in sin, we don't ever give up on God's people because the elect of God, hallelujah, every one of them is going to be around his table. He's not going to lose a one, right? His love is not transactional. And if we get that out of our minds and take all the fear away from us and we can begin to worship God like we ought to and love him like we ought to. It's legalism. Just transactional. Well, he loves you, but he loves you for a while, but if you do this, he won't love you. No, if he ever loves you, always will love you. Amen. Amen. Listen, your mother may not love other people like she loves you, but she loves you cuz you're her family. Yeah. The elect is God's family. You belong to God. You didn't choose yourself. You didn't birth yourself into the kingdom of God. He birthed you into the kingdom of God. And if you're God's, he will you can't get away from him. You may go, you may run as hard as you can run. You may be like Jonah running and going as far as you can in the opposite direction of God's will. And he'll make it work out for his perfect will because that's what my God does. Yes. Yes. That's right. Hallelujah. It's that attribute of divine love. He doesn't say, "If you love me, I'll love you back." But he says, "I love you." Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. See, a mother would rather lose an argument than a child. Yeah. I hope you're listening to me now. Think of Solomon and the custody dispute. Do you remember that? Two women come up before Solomon. Both of them bad women, but one of them had become a mother. They were both prostitutes, but one of them become a mother. And and while she was sleeping, the one took the baby from the other one, stole it. And so Solomon in his wisdom, he said, "Okay." He said, "You both claim the baby. Let's just cut it in half." And this other woman so dark and steeped in and whatever sin that she was committing and she she's there she said go ahead just to win this argument to say that I won like split the baby in two and the and the mother said first Kings 3:26 then spake the woman who's the living child was unto the king for her bowels that's her her heart her her inward inward person all that she was yearned upon her son she said oh my lord give her the living child in no wise say it but the other said let it be neither mine nor thine but divide it in other words I'm going to win this argument even if it cost me my children but a mother don't do that right and the king answered and said give her the living child and no wife say it she is the mother thereof how much better. I I want to bring this out a little bit, not just to mothers this morning, but how much better would all of our lives be if we focused on the well-being of others? If we sought not our own, but we said, "What can I do to help the kingdom of God? What can I do to help my family? What can I do instead of trying to promote myself and working so hard to make sure I I achieve this position or that position or this thing in work or this much money? What if I tried everything I could to help somebody else?" Yes. See, the Bible tells us in Ecclesiastes 11:1, "Cast thy bread upon the waters, for thou shalt find it after many days." Brother Brandham tells us you'll it'll come back to you buttered. I love that sir. Cast your bread on the water, for you'll find it after many days. Come on now. See, what you give is what you're going to get. And a mother when a mother gives unreservedly that's why her children love her unreservedly and it seemed like there's such a love for a mother many times because that's the love that she's given and that's the love that she receives and you know many times in wanting to be loved and excuse me for just expressing my heart to you this morning. Yeah. But in the meantime, we deal with family troubles and things and and all of us will have trouble from time to time. There will be misunderstandings and things and as a pastor, we deal with family troubles and things that come up. And and one of the things I've noticed is that is that if you want to be loved, the worst thing you can do is try to force someone to love you. It's actually the the the worst way to be loved is to try to guilt trip people. or constantly remind people you don't love me, you don't love me. Right? It's the worst way. It just creates an anxiousness and an anxiety. You can't make somebody love you. But if you That's true of marriage, too. You know, if that person's spirit gets on that person and they they want to leave and they want to go out and do something wrong and many times you you're standing there and what do you do? Well, what what can you do? Well, if you stand there suspicious all the time saying, "Well, I know you're not where you ought to be and you need to love me and you need to care for me and that's not the way to do it." But if you just love that person, love them and and really care for them, show them love, many times you'll win them back. But if you give people the cold shoulder out of a desire to be loved, it actually compounds the problem. Yeah. Right. So, you want to be loved. So, it's like, I won't speak to you until you love me. Right. But love seeketh not her own. I think I'm talking to some people this morning. Love seeketh not her own. So if you want to be loved, you love. And I understand there's some situation that are so toxic you can't you you can't put yourself in the middle of that battle, right? You've got to stand off for a while. Even the man in the church that Paul talked about that had to be had to be put away for a while. Don't even eat with him and had to be taken out from under the protection of the church. But when he repented, what did he do? He he wrote to the church. He said, "I want you you to make sure that you love him. I want you to make sure that you reach your arms out to him." I want you to make sure he feels welcome in the house of God because no matter what you've done, if you've repented and come back to God, you got a right to be in the house of God. Yes. Right. But many times people are like, "Well, if I, you know, they're going to leave the church, so I'll treat them badly till they come back." Well, that's not the way to treat them. Treat them with love. Well, my kids getting, you know, 18 or 20 years old and they're whatever they are and I'm just going to crack down on them. And now's the time. But brother Random taught us different. Treat them with love. Right? Are you with me this morning? See, the Bible says, "Give and it shall be given unto you good measure." I love this. pressed down, shaken together. So, in other words, he's not just going to take the if if you they were measuring out maybe flour or something like that, he's not going to take it and just just hand it to you, but he's going to it's going to be given back to you and it's going to be pressed down, more poured in, pressed down again, shaken together, making sure that every inch of its filled. You might have give you you you give, but they give the same thing and it's shaken down, shaken together, running over. shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that you meet with all, it shall be measured to you again. And so if we want to be loved, we should stop punishing people for not loving us. That's right. Good. Right. If you want to be loved, just love people. God help me today. I'm I'm preaching to myself as well. I'm preaching to a lot of us dads, right? who want something in return because maybe it don't come as naturally to us, right? To just love without reservation. But God loved you. Yes. Come on now. See, a mother's love is it's like God's love. It's not quidd proquo. In other words, you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours. Or what have you done for me lately? It's corrective, but it never fails. Right. Right. A mother, a mother who will allow her children to just do anything. She's not a real mother. A real mother will have a corrective love, but yet she won't be like Herodius who taught her daughter to dance and all the things that she did. A real mother won't do those things. Real mother corrects her children, but she will she she will uh she will not do it by manipulation. Does this make sense? Like God doesn't manipulate us. He loves us, right? He he don't he don't come and say, "Well, now you know now that you've done wrong, I'm going to just punish you cuz I like to do that." You know, and and for a little while, you're just I'm just going to be punished. And no, his love is so great that it's the moment you sin, listen, he's not putting you off. He's not sitting back and saying, "Well, I'm going to make them wait." He's waiting on you. Yes. When the prodigal son come running, the father didn't didn't he now he didn't go out in the hog pin. He stayed at home. But when he saw his his prodigal come running, he didn't put him off and say, "Prove yourself." He didn't come and say, "Well, now you wait for 10 years and and make sure you do what your older brother's done and then you can be saved, too." No. What did he do? He ran to him and and the and the son said, "Let me be like a servant." But he said, "You're not a servant. You're a son. Bring the fatted calf. Kill the fatted cap. Bring me a robe. Bring me a ring." Ain't that the way God did to you when you come back to God? Every time you've ever backsided on God, he was there waiting on you, ready for you to come back. He's a gentleman. He won't force himself on you. But his presence was there, Sister Pat, when you were ready to come back. He was ready. Hallelujah. He was ready to receive you. Amen. Brother Brandon said he wants to give you the Holy Ghost more than you want to receive it. Oh our church, if you only knew the love of God this morning for you, he sent you the message of the hour to tell you what was going to happen in the day that we live in. Spoke prophecy that's coming to pass in this hour. What was it? God loves you so much and he gives you these things to see. You need to get ready. You need to get you need to be right. You need to be ready to go. He He loves us so much. Yes. That he shows us all of these things. He will not force himself on us, but the moment you're ready Yeah. He'll be there. Yes. Right. Very good. It might be the last moment of time. Yes. The minute before the rapture, but if you're God's bride, he'll be there. Very good. God doesn't correct by manipulation. But you know, even a mother's love might fail. We know that there are people who call themselves mothers, who have children, who don't have the right kind of love. But God's love never fails. The Bible says, "Can a woman forget her sucking child that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? Yay, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee." Yes. He said, "I've graven thee upon the palms," Yes. of my hands. Listen, our names are in the nail prints. Glory to God. We We were We were that part of him that was released that day. Remember the blood and the and the spirit separated. We were that part of him that was released. He said the feminist part of God was separated. That's us, the bride. Yes. Amen. It was released from him there on Calvary. We were in him. We died in him. So, you can't be judged for your sin. I know many people that think, well, if if I'm a Christian, but if I do something wrong, then God will punish me. How can you be punished for something he never saw? Your sins weren't paid for yesterday. They weren't paid for even at the moment you got saved. Your sins were paid for on the cross, and you were in him on the cross. For the man who taught us that in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. You were the mystery hidden in Christ. You young people, listen to me. You can't get away from God's love. You might run, but you can't hide. All right. Yes. I think of I don't want to take long this morning. I really don't have that many notes, but I'm reminded of Brother Brandham when one time he he his plane got stopped. The check engine light come on on the plane and over Memphis. God knows what he's doing. and his prophet was stopped at Memphis and they put him up in the Peabody Hotel and said, "We'll send a a car for you in the morning and at a certain time." And so he gets up in the morning and he got a little time. So he goes out to mail a letter. And brother Brandham, there's a detail about that that I hadn't really noticed before, but brother Brandon said he was the Lord told him said, "Turn around, go the other way." And he turns around to go the other way. He said he stopped for a while. He sat at a at a uh a window and there was some fishing reels and brother Brandham was in downtown Memphis somewhere just like we do at Bass Pro, right? You know, just Brother Brandon was in downtown Memphis looking at them fishing reels and he says he feels an he sees an Irish cop and he says, "I'm hanging around this window so much." He said, "I I thought that cop was going to think I was trying to steal them." Have you ever felt guilty in a store? That's what brother Brandon felt. But he didn't know what God was speaking to him. He didn't know what to do. But God just said, "Walk. Just go." So he leaves there. I think God had that cop there at that window for that reason. Because at a certain time, God's prophet had to come by a certain house. He said he walked down. He was seeing one of them, one of them. He said he looked over. He said there was a regular anga standing there by the fence and said she was she was standing there and she said, "Good morning, Parson." He said, "Good morning." He said he didn't stop. He said her her her scarf was wet with the dew. She'd been standing there waiting on him. And so she's uh she's standing there and she said, "Good morning, Parson." He said, "How did you know I was a parson?" Amen. She said, "I was like thisite woman." She said, "I I prayed for a son. God gave me a son." And she said, "I and and and he went out and did the things that he did." She said, "But but now he's he's dying." And she said, "If I'm" She said, "Lord, if I'm the Shunomite woman, you gave me a son. Where is your Elijah?" Hallelujah. And the prayer of that mother stopped God's prophet in the air. Are you with me now? Caused him to come down and and didn't even know why he was there, but God led him right to her door. And he said he went in there and began to pray. He said, "Mother," he said, "you pray first." He said, "When she prayed," he said, "I knew that she'd talked to God before. And she began to pray and pray for her baby. And she said, "She called him my baby. My baby." And brother Brandon picks up on that. And whenever he tells the story, he says this. He said, "But you know," he said, "there's a mother's love." Now, this young man had been a bad young man. He'd went out and got a a a sexually transmitted disease. He he he'd gotten in trouble and gotten in and a lot of he was in a lot of pain and and it was his own fault. But mama still loved him. Amen. Mama still loved him. He said, "You know," he said, "That's a mother's love." He said, "You're always mama's baby." You know that mother's love, no matter what you do, it's never forgotten the mother's love. He said, "There you are, a mother's love. No matter what he had done, still that mother's love reaches on out for her child." He said, "And if a mother's love would do that, what will the love of God do?" How many of us can testify this morning? It wasn't just a mother's love that reached out to us, but the love of God reached down in my situation, pulled me out of what I was and made me a new creature in Christ. Hallelujah. Unconditional love. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. See, a mother's love when it's right because of its unconditional nature removes fear from the equation. Oh my. Yeah. And right and you you dads know this. Sometimes our kids will tell things to their mother they won't tell to us. Why is that? Fear has been removed from the equation. Mama's less likely to give up on me. Come on, church. Not saying it would never happen, but mama's less likely. Oh, church. I've never been scared of my mother. Now, my mother spanked me many times. Probably more than my dad did. Yes. But it didn't really hurt. But but I've never been scared of my mother. Didn't have a fear of my mother. My dad scared me. Right. And and we need like we need dads. Yeah, dads are essential in the home. Because sometimes moms will just go along, you know, and dad has to put a stop to things sometimes, right? But we need to be careful and understand that a mother is the way she is because something God put in her. That's right. Right. But I was never scared of my mother. Listen to me, church. You don't have to be afraid of God. Amen. Brother Brandon said he was before he got the Holy Ghost, he thought that he said he thought that the father hated him and Jesus loved him. He said, "But then I found out they were the same person." He said, "And Jesus is the very heart of God called love." That great attribute of God called love. That's what Jesus is. So much more than a mother's love. He said that if a mother's love would do that, what will the love of God do? Because it removes fear from the equation. Look at 1 John 4:18. There is no fear in love. But perfect love casteth out fear because fear hath torment. He that fearth is not made perfect right in love. Perfect love cast out fear. Brother said that's the reason people won't take God at his word for healing. He said they don't love him well enough. Oh my. You say, "Well, I love God." But but perfect love, when you have perfect love, it brings a perfect confidence. And if God ever told you in his word that he healed you, you just take that and say, "I believe he'll do it because mama don't lie to me." Come on, church. My my my God don't lie to me. Right? There's no fear in that. I'm not afraid. We say, "Well, I've done this. I'm afraid it won't be enough." And that's what gets in our way so many times. People could be healed. Many times people, that's why sinners many times are healed before Christian people because condemnation comes on Christian people and they say, "Well, God is going to hold my healing from me because of something I did 15 years ago." Listen, if you've repented, he don't even remember it. How could he withhold your healing when he don't remember it in the first place? You say, "Well, brother Ben, what do I need to do? Do I need to jump through cartwheels? We're done." No. He said, "If you believe," he said, "you have faith and you repent of your sins in the name of Jesus Christ, go and get baptized. if you've never been baptized and receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and you can be changed instantly. It takes that long. Yes, that's right. To make things right with God. Yes. You don't have to have a long explanation, right? All you have to do is repent. Yes. Yes. That's true. He said if you don't love him well enough because you're scared he won't keep his word. But perfect love cast out fear which brings perfect faith and confidence. Brother Brandham even made the statement that if you had a grease burn, he said, "You weren't afraid of it. It wouldn't burn you." That's it's interesting, isn't it? But he typed that to a spiritual type. He said, "You get you got the Holy Ghost. It's operating in your body." He said, "Well," he said, "When that old snake grabbed a hold of Paul's hand," he said, there was not a bit of scare. Paul wasn't me. We had a copperhead in our yard the other day, and I I'm scared to death of snakes. I remember one time Joanna Ivy was had come home and and brother Sister Ivy were gone and Joanna called her. She said, "There's a snake on on the door and I expected to be in front of the door." I get over there and cuz I'm going to be the big big bad snake killer cuz none of the deacons were available. And I get over there and and the snake is curled up around that wreath on the front door. Big old black snake. Probably was harmless. But that thing scared me to death. I couldn't figure out how to get it out of there. Finally, I got I got a hose and I sprayed that thing off the door, you know, and and it's great big old black snake was on the door. So, I sprayed that thing, it got off and I took a hoe. I found a hoe in the yard and I took that thing and I hammered that deck, not realizing I actually broke their deck cuz I was so scared of that big black snake. I had a copperhead in the yard the other day and because evidently that's something we just do around here is copperheads in our yards. I didn't know that when I moved back here. I didn't remember that. And so I I there's a copperhead in the yard and I got a hold of that with with two shovels, you know, and took after it till the head was cut off. I took the head and cut it off. Then I mashed the head and then I threw the head away. I don't want nothing to do with that copper head. But Paul takes an old snake, a mamba, a horrible snake. He takes that snake that was instant death and it jumps, it comes out of the fire and bites him on the hand, just shakes it off and goes on gathering wood. And they said, "You're a god." They didn't know how close they were. He wasn't a god, but he had the spirit of God in him. So the man said, "You got the Holy Ghost operating in your body. There's no reason to fear." Some people are so afraid of anything. I know young people get afraid. They say, "Well, I won't be able to make a living. I want If God's called you to be a husband, he'll put something in you to make a living. If God's called you to be a wife, he'll put something in you to be a wife and a mother. If God's called you to do that, he'll give you the ability. Don't be afraid. Don't fear. Trust the Lord. No fear in love, sir. Yes. He said he looked at it, shook it off in the fire, and went on. He said it got some more sticks. It didn't scare him. Oh, Peter was walking on the water. And you know, I find it interesting that that's not written in the book of Mark. The book of Mark is basically Peter's testimony is what scholars tell us. That's Peter's testimony that he told that to Mark and Mark wrote it down. But Matthew tells about it. See, Mark tells about Jesus walking on the water, but doesn't say nothing about Peter. But but Matthew, why? Because Peter also sunk. If that had been my story, I might have left that out, too. But we all talk about Peter sinking. But he actually walked on water. The only man that we know of that's ever done that. That's right. Right. And the only reason he sank was because the Bible says the wind was contrary in the wind. He began to notice the wind. And when he noticed the wind, he began to be afraid because he knew what that kind of wind in those kind of ways could do. Oh my. He was so over. But why did he walk in the first place? He was overwhelmed by love. He said, "If you call me, I'll come to you." Listen. And the same God who called him to come and caused him to walk. Listen, you might have fallen away from God, but if you ever had an experience with God, the same God that called you in the first place is the same God that can grab you out of the water and pick you up from the place where you've fallen to. Hallelujah. The B said, "Don't have one bit of fear. Move forward." God said so. That settles it. You can't do that until you have love. Perfect love cast out all fe all fear. If I want to contribute anything, he says to my success in the ministry amongst people is this. I'll admit I've had to butcher up some meetings because I just couldn't set routine like ministers do. He said, "Many times I've had to promise this and take this back and do this and do that because God will make me do it." But if there's one thing, it's because I've loved people and people knows that. Yes. Listen to me, church. I've learned this just in the few years that we've been here and the years that I've spent pastoring and and helping in churches. I've learned this that that that I'll make mistakes. I'm going to make mistakes. If if you're waiting for me to make one, you know, I know more about my mistakes than you do. If you you know, I that's why I don't get too afraid and people talk bad about me because I I know I'm worse than what they say. I know what I would be without the grace of God on my life. I recognize that. But but but I'm going to make mistakes. I'm going to do that. But if the people if you could ever get people to love you and learn that you love them, then the mistakes just kind of go away. When there's love in a marriage, you don't pick at something all the time. That's right. I told one couple, I said, "The same things you guys are picking at constantly is the same things we do to each other all the time, and nobody notices the dishes get left unwashed." Right? By me, not her. Huh? Maybe a night when she wants me to wash the dishes and I find a convenient excuse to do something else. I've done that two or three times in my life. But but you see what I'm saying? Some don't get done and oh, your clothes got dropped on the floor and and to a couple who not in love anymore, that becomes a deal breaking thing. But to somebody that's in love, it don't even matter. They didn't even notice it. That's right. Come on, church. Boy, it got quiet. [Laughter] I had one purpose in life this morning, and that's not to embarrass my wife. So, God bless my wife. But you got to love people and they got to feel it. He said, "You take a little baby 3 months old. He don't know nothing. He's got a mind, but it is it isn't developed. He don't know who or nothing. The doctors say they can see a light, might see your hand, but they can only follow it. And he'll be just kicking his little heels and screaming to the top of his voice." Well, here comes some kind woman comes along past him, says, "Well, well, dear." He just kicks right on. He don't know who the woman is. He don't know nobody, but let that mother walk up. Just put her hands on him. That's right. Have you ever seen that? He said that settles it. Now, he said he don't know his mother, but his little spirit knows there's something about that spirit there. Hallelujah. That nothing else can inject that mother love to him. No matter how much the other person loves, it ain't the mother's love. A grandma's love will never be a mother's love only to her children. But then a mother has a special love to her children. Another person's love, a stranger's love will never be a mother's love. There's something special about a mother and her baby. She lays her hands on him, he'll dry up. See, he's ready. Because that mother, there's a love about her that goes to the baby. That the baby's little spirit recognizes that that's a love that no other love is. He said, "No wonder he ordained us to lay hands on the sick." I know there's people don't believe in that anymore, but he's ordained us to do that. Brother Brandham, at the end of his ministry, he said, "I find myself using discernment less and laying hands on the sick more." He said, "Because I just put myself up in the arms of Jesus and I just love on him." He said, "And then I lay hands on the sick." And when people believe that, right? When people believe that, because he never even said we had to pray. He said, "But if you lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." Are you with me now? If we could just believe that, things would be different. He said, "That's why." He said, "We we lay hands on the sick." He said, he said he'd take a horse when he's all bothered jumping and jerking. He said, "You western people ought to know you let the master walk in the stall and probably say, "Wo boy, lay his hands on him." He'd quieten right down, see us love. And when we love God with all of our hearts, souls, and minds, and we love one another as ourselves, our neighbors as ourselves, the people can actually feel that. Oh, I hope we can feel it for one another this morning. I hope we can love each other without any barriers, without anything. I can honestly say from my heart, I love you. And you can honestly say from your heart, you love me. I can honestly say, I want the best for you. And you can say you want the best for me. Then if that was the case, what go what limits can we place on the what could happen here this morning if we could come in one place in one accord? Amen. Hallelujah. He said you can't make belief cuz they'll know it. Lincoln said you can fool part of the people part of the time, not all the people all the time. That's right. You got love in your heart for the people, they'll know it. You might act indifferent or anything but still they know it. They can feel it. It's another dimension as we call it that injects to these people a love that they know it. They'll believe it. He said and that's when you can help the person is when you believe it. Yeah. Now, brother Brandon said that the people of Phoenix, I don't have time to read all this, but he said the people of Phoenix have become indifferent towards God. And he said this. He said the reason we become so indifferent towards God is because we're indifferent towards one another. Oh, that ought to strike our hearts, shouldn't it? Yeah. I've told you before, you can't say, "I love God and I hate my wife." But let me take that a step further. You can't say, "I love God and I hate anybody." Brother Brandon says, "Elect don't persecute elect." But we could even take that further. Elect don't persecute anybody. That's right. Elect don't persecute. God, help me to act like the elect. Are you with me now? We're still We still got a sticky nature. We still got our spirit. Sometimes we fail, but that's my desire. Lord, help me to act like the elect who don't persecute anybody. He said the reason we become so indifferent towards God is because we're indifferent towards one another. When we get in one accord, then God comes down. If you would get in one accord in your home, in one accord in the church, you could watch God begin to move. Many times when we don't get in one accord, it's why things happen the way that they do and and why we don't maybe see what we should see. Now when we're in Africa he said in India or many of the islands and so forth you notice he said one simple little miracle the people he said that well he said this afternoon or any other place look that was very wonderful we praise the lord for that so in other words don't just leave uh the the meeting and say well that was a good meeting he said but over there he said let that happen one time he said we walk right home with the same indifference let that happen one time among the heathen and the whole country will come to God every one of them will sweep right in the kingdom of God right then they believe they're humble we experienced that in Egypt when we went didn't Then people that come in the prayer line, they believed and and their belief was so strong. They didn't have any prayerline manners. They just they jumped over one another, jumped over the jumped over the boundaries, pushed through one another, pulled people aside. What was it? They they believed they were going to get healed. And many of them were healed because they believed it. What would happen if we believed it today? He said they believed. They're humble. He said, "Now that's what we got to do now." He said, "Let's just break down all differences everywhere." He said, "Now you just can't put it on. It's got to come from the inside. He said, you remember the Holy Spirit knows that whether it's coming from the inside. Let's just get all the differences away. Walk right out and say, "I love the Lord." Can someone say that with me this morning? I love the Lord and I love even my enemies. Oh, a lot less of us said that. I love the Lord and I love even my enemies. He says, if anyone says anything about you, don't let that bother you at all. Don't mar that wonderful feeling. It feels so good to be in the clear. He said, ' Don't do anything to mar that wonderful feeling. If you got to delete Facebook, delete Facebook. I've had to do it before. If you got to get if you've got to quit talking so much on the phone, quit talking so much on the phone. Whatever it takes to keep that wonderful feeling. Listen to me, church. If you got something against me, unless it's something I've done that I can correct, if it's something I've done, I want to know. But if you got something against me, you're just mad at me for no reason, I'd rather not even know it so I can keep on loving you. Because I'll tell you what, I believe the love of God can make a difference in your life. He said, "Go ahead, love them anyhow. What good does it go to do anyhow for you to get all peeved up about things? Just love them anyhow. Love everybody because they're the purchase of the blood of Jesus Christ, whether they're sinners or saints." So, I can love saints like that. That's not what he told us to do. He said, "Whether they're sinners or saints," he said, "and then you'll be able to win them to God, cuz they'll realize that you really love them." Yes. You really When I think of that, many of you know where I'm going. I think of a mother deer. One time, Brother Brandon was out hunting. He was in uh New Hampshire, northern New Hampshire near the Canadian border going from going towards Mount Washington up out in the wilderness and he said he was hunting with Bert Call, the man with lizard eyes. You've heard the story. He said when he looked at you looked like he had lizard eyes. So he he was out there hunting with him and he said Bert would kill fawns just to make Brother Brandham squirm. Just kill him. Brother Bram said there was nothing wrong with killing a fawn if the law would allow that. He said but he said he just did it for meanness and God's people aren't mean. Right. Right. But this man was he was a sinner and brother Brandon went with him and hunted with him and and he was out there. He was a good hunter and he was out there in the wilderness and and he said they hadn't found even a track all day out in the snow. Said it was about 11:00 in the morning. The deer bed down during the day. He said it was about 11:00 in the morning and late in the season all the deer were scared. He said that all of a sudden all of a sudden he said Bert pulled out this little whistle like a little call and he he made a little sound like a like a fawn. And when he did he said about 30 yards from me a mother deer just stood up. Just stood up. A dough just stood up right in the middle of that opening that they were in. and she's looking for that baby sir. And he said he made the noise again and and she began to walk towards him. He said and when Bert raised the rifle to shoot the deer saw it but she didn't run. Said because he said Bert slipped a shell in his rifle, raised it up and put the crosshairs across her heart. And as he was making a noise, the dough looked and she saw him. She looked right in the barrel of that rifle. But what was it? The baby was in trouble. She didn't care if it was life or what it taken. That baby was in trouble. And that mother's love was so great. No matter what the rifle looked like or what, whether death was right in the road, that bullet fixing to clean right through her heart, she was looking for that baby. There was a cry. There was a need. And she was a mother. She was looking for that baby. Oh my. Brother Brandon said he closed his turned his head. He covered his eyes. He he couldn't even watch it. He said, "But he noticed the silence." And he looked around. That gun's going like this. He said, "Burke dropped to the ground. He grabbed his pent leg. He said, "Leave me to that Jesus you've been telling me about." Glory. He said he saw something real. It wasn't to put on. She was willing to die. Oh, church. Oh, that the world would see that in us today. Oh, that our families would see that in us. Oh, that as fathers that our children would see that, as mothers that our children would see that she was a real mother. What was it when he seen that display of real mother's love, heroism, looking death right in the face without one stare? It captured that cruel heart of his. He said, 'Brother, if you could only find out what the love of God is. A mother may forget her suckling babe, but never never will I forget you. Good. Now, I want you to think about this because sometimes we look at that verse and say, "Well, he won't forget us. He's just not really with me. He doesn't forget me, but he doesn't really care about me. But what does he say as a mother, right? A mother may forget. So, he's likening himself to the love of a mother. A mother doesn't just not forget her baby. Oh my. She cares for her baby. Yeah. She's as close as she can be all the time. A real mother. Oh, I hope you're hearing me this morning. And he's just as close to you. You may not be able to feel him. You may have done some things that were wrong. And you know that you say, "Well, I can't I don't feel his presence anymore, but he's just as close to you as he ever was." He's waiting, brother, to the gable end of your soul, waiting on you to repent, waiting on you to come. Not just waiting, but calling, wooing, speaking, yes. Moving in your life, pulling you. True. It's a love like a mother would express to her baby. Yes. A longing in the heart of God says, "I want to be with my children." You realize how much he wants to meet with us? I know many times it's easy for us to say, "Well, it's just church." But do you know how much the Jehovah, you know, how much the spirit of God values the time that we have together? He gets to come down. You can imagine what it was like when he come down in the cool of the evening and talked with Adam and Eve. And he can do that in our homes. I know. But many times we set aside this time and he loves that so much. He values that so much. He wants to spend time. It'd be like if you set a time with your mother to have dinner with her and you didn't show up. That's right. What would happen? You You'd feel so bad because you'd think, "Well, well, I know mama really wanted me to be there." Church, could we recognize today he really wants you to be here? It's not just me that wants you to be here. It's not just the deacons that want you to be here. He really wants you. Yeah. To be here. He wants fellowship with you. A mother may forget her suckling bay, but never will I forget you. Your names are engraved upon the palms of my hand. He said Christ is looking for men and women tonight who will stand out with the love of God regardless. The world's looking tonight for someone. Oh, let's be that someone today. Can you be that someone? How many want to be that someone today? The world's looking for someone to display the real genuine faith of God. No matter what people say, what circumstances in, how I feel, what it looks like, how I heard the call of God, he's my father and I stand to accept his word. Was that something real? Mother's love showing us God's love. A mother will spend her last moments of life, and we're not going to have a second service, so just give me five more minutes this morning. A mother will spend her last moments of life fighting for her babies. Brother Brandham talked about a possum that had the nature of a mother and that possum was dying. He said in the last 30 minutes of her life, what could have been? He said she what was she doing? She was trying to get to her babies. last 30 minutes of her life, she was trying to make sure her babies were okay. I think that I know we live in a world it's it's tough because I I know I realize that some of you can't be at home with your children and I recognize that and I know you want to be. I know we got real mothers here in the church and some of our mothers have to work. We know that that's not God's original plan. It's not his way. But in the world that we live in, sometimes you got to help out. That's right. We realize that, right? But what happens is you want to do it. And the reason you're doing what you're doing is because you want the best for your children. Amen. Are you with me now? It's still a mother's love. They want the best. Don't let Satan come in and give you a mind battle about that. You you you want the best for your children. And that's a mother's love in you. It's God's love. God put that in you. But a mother possum in her last moments of life, she was willing to give all that she had Yeah. to come to the door of a prophet and leave her babies in a place where they could be cared for. Oh God, brother Brandham told us that God's love is so much greater than that. Jesus fought for us on Calvary. Like like that mother fought for her babies. Jesus fought for us. He died for us. He took his last breath for us before we ever even had the capacity to love him. Listen, we need to get this idea out of our head. Well, I love God when God loves me. God has already loved you. Yeah. Well, I love my children when they love me. Listen, they're your children. Yeah. You love them anyway. I love my parents when they show love to me. They're your parents. You ought to love them anyway. Are you with me now? And we ought to show that to one another. But how much more did he show us? With his last dying breath, he cried out, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing." What kind of a love is that, church? Why do we love him? Can you explain the love that you have in your heart for him? Can you explain why you go to the house of God? Why you want to dress right and act right and live right? Why do you do what you do? It's not because somebody stands up here and tells you what to do. It's because you love God. You love his word. Because you love him. Why do you love him? First John 4:19 tells us we love him. Because someone say because because he first loved us. We couldn't give him anything in return. But he said, "Nothing in my hands I bring. Simply to thy cross I cling." Psalms 116:12 says, "What shall I render unto the Lord for all his benefits towards me? I will take the cup of salvation. That's good. How could I pay my Lord back for his great love?" H how can I do that? He don't want to punish you. He don't want you to be feel miserable all the time. That's not what he's looking for. Oh, church. He He don't will call us to him so we can be miserable. But what does he do? He says, "If you want to love me back, take the cup." Yeah. Take what I died for and drink it. I will take the cup of salvation and call upon the name of the Lord. I can't save myself, but I can take the cup. Yeah. I can say, Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief. Yes. What can we do? What can we return? He said, I'll take the cup and I'll call on the name of the Lord. Yeah. I will pay my vows unto the Lord. Now, I like that. Now, in the presence of all his people, I'm not afraid to worship. Not afraid to lift my hands. Not because I it's some kind of a worked up emotion, but because there's something in my heart that loves him. Listen, church, I've tried being some other way. I can't be any other way. If I'm going to serve God, I got to serve him with all my heart. Let me love him with all my heart. I'll pay my vows now. I know what he did for me. Yes. in the presence of all his people. All I can do is drink from the cup of salvation and worship. Are you with me now? For when we were yet without strength in due time, Christ died for the ungodly. For scarcely for a righteous man will one die. Yet per adventure for a good man some would dare to die. But God commendeth his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. He didn't die for us when we were saints. He died for us when we were sinners. much more than being now justified by his blood. We shall be saved from wrath through him. For if when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his son. Much more being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life. Not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ by whom we have now received the atonement. Listen, when you read those words and it really becomes a reality to you and the spirit of God speaks to your heart about it, no wonder the multitude in heaven cried out, "Worthy is the lamb." I wonder if we could do that this morning. I wonder if we could cry out to him, "Lord, you are worthy. You are worthy. You took the book. You took you you you suffered the cross. You opened the seals. Worthy is the lamb who loved us when we were unlovable." Hallelujah. You see, a mother's love is just a portion of God's love. Brother said, way up beyond her, above a million, 100 million miles, there's a space that big. And I don't know how wide he spread his arms, but maybe like this. He said that is perfect agapo love. He said every time you make a step this way it narrows an inch. He said you know how little it would be by the time it got to the earth. It's a shadow of the shadow of the shadows. That's what you have. That's what I have. A shadow of shadows of agile love. He said even when we have the love of God in our hearts it's it's a shadow of the shadows of what he is. Yeah. That's why when he went beyond the curtain of time, he said there was nothing but love there and nothing but perfect love can enter there. His love was so great. He showed himself to Abram and and when he showed himself to Abram, I love this. He told Abram, he said, "Walk before me and be perfect." In in Genesis 17:1, but before he asked him to walk a perfect walk, he revealed himself to him in a name. Yeah. He said, "I am the Almighty God." And that means it's it's it's the almighty God is El Shadai. It's the breasted one. Brother Brandham says he told him, "Abraham, you're old. Your strength is gone. Your arms are withered up. Your manhood's gone, but I am your mother." Think about that for a moment. He said, "I that that expression of love that's expressed in a mother, that's just a shadow." Abraham, think about it. You got to walk a perfect walk, but you can't do it on your own. You need to come up in the arms of your mother. He said, "You're 90 99 years old, but you're still a baby. You're still just a baby." He said, "I want to reveal to you my name." He revealed to him that he was he was his mother. He said, "Just take a hold of my promise and be satisfied while you're waiting. There's nothing that'll satisfy a baby like the mother." What did he do? He revealed himself as a mother to to Abraham. And so Abraham could walk perfectly because he revealed himself in that way and he rested in that revelation. We can rest in that re revelation today. We can rest in that love. Yes. As the musicians come talked about uh being in India and I'm hoping to be able to go to India later in the year. Y'all pray with me. I don't know Nepal there's war and stuff going on there right now and so I don't want to I don't want to go if that's going on and yet I felt a pull to do that and if you'all pray with me but brother Brandon talked about being an Indian crowds of people that were there he talked about the different kind of sicknesses as they would pass by and he'd pray for them he said a leper passed by had no arm and now a leper especially in countries where they don't know how leprosy works works. Exactly. And there's a lot of fear about it. In fact, in the scripture, when a leper would walk towards them, they'd cry out, "Unclean, unclean." And people would make sure they didn't even get within 50 ft of them cuz they didn't want to get sick or didn't want to be around them. And brother Brandham talked about this leper and he said he come up and he said when he did he said I took him up in my arms and I be to love him and he said he just wept when he seen that somebody cared for him as a leper on the streets of India he probably hadn't felt a hug we don't realize what we take for granted church maybe he hadn't felt a hug for for many many years. Don't let your kids be like that. Love on your kids. [Music] Let your wife know you love her. Let your husband know you love him. Say, "Well, they're not perfect. Neither were you." [Music] God took that he allowed that leper to come by and brother Brown just grabbed him in his arm said oh my and when he grabbed him and and held him he said he seen that somebody cared for him and brother Ben tells her this he said the world's dying for love brothers he said now you take your brother in your arms see if it don't make things a little different. I found it's hard to demonize people when you're around them. That's why so many times a a spirit of separation will come among people and they'll separate and then criticize. But it's hard to demonize people you're around because you realize they're human like you're human. That's right. That's why we're meant to be together, huh? To worship together cuz we are human. But brother Brandon says if you take your brother in your arms, see if it don't make things a little different. See that divine love that we see expressed in a mother and yet that divine love can be expressed in each and every one of us. That same love that worked on a leper will work on your brother that you think is wrong. The one that you think, well, I ought to shove him away cuz the leprosy will get on me. said, "Take him and pull him up close to you." Well, you do after you spank your kids. I know you do it by instinct. Many of you, you spank your little children and then you grab them and hug them. Don't you know that God wants to do that to us, too? He loves you so much. But I don't want to just experience God's love. I want to be that love. Huh? Brother Ben, you preach about this a lot. It's because I need it. And I see that we need it. And I wonder I wonder sometimes if this isn't the last step that has to be taken before we can go home. Is that we learn to be mature enough to love one another because our bodies aren't going to be changed until it's time for the change. We're still going to have these sticky natures. But if we can learn to get past that and love one another, Yes. Maybe we begin to see the great commission begin to come into operation among us. I don't just want to experience God's love. I want to be that love. Oh, that I could show that kind of love to a lost and dying world. Would you bow your heads with me this morning? Maybe you're here this morning with no one looking around, every head bowed and every eye closed. You say, "Brother Ben, I've never really experienced that love of God like I should." Would you raise your hand? I see that hand. That hand. That hand. God bless the hands that little both hands up. Never really experienced that like I should. I He'll put his arms around you this morning. He'll do that. It's right where you're sitting. just just know the love of God is reaching out to you. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, I I feel Lord that these people that have raised their hand, I know some of them are young and some of them are older, Lord, but they feel like, well, I maybe I've not loved like I should or maybe they've just never ever experienced your love. They've just never really been born again. And I pray God that today would be the day Lord. We know it's not some great show, but if just your love could come down in their hearts, Lord, and make it real to them. May they see real love. Oh God, Lord, help those, Lord, those there's some of us, Lord, that maybe need to be in an altar this morning because we we get so hard, critical, Lord, because we see things that are happening. Lord, help us. Help us to take our arms and grab a hold of the leper and grab him and pull him in. Pray you grab that, Lord. Help me, oh God. Oh God, I pray that you'd move. May divine love be poured out in every heart, Lord, as we see the love of a mother. We're so thankful for our mothers, Lord, and how that expresses the love of God to us. I pray, God, that you would we would know your love like never before. that you would just wrap your arms around these, Lord, that have raised their hands. May they know you. May they experience you this morning like never before. May they believe your word and go home knowing that a change has taken place in their life. Lord, if there's Lord, a Christian here has become a hard soften our hearts. Lord, we don't want to be like that. We want to be right. or maybe a mother or a father that maybe just hasn't expressed the kind of love that you want them to express. Lord, if it's me, if it's my brother, my sister, whoever it is, Lord, I pray that you'd help us today. Soften us up. Make us to express the love of God to a lost and dying world. We pray in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you need prayer, the altar's open. You just come and pray if you want to. I know it's Mother's Day, but I feel his presence here. And we've got all day. If you want to pray, I we won't hold you. If you want to come, come. God bless you this morning. Oh, could we raise our hands and sing it to you? Oh, it shall forever more. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Oh, the saint. [Laughter] Hallelujah. [Music] Can we sing one of those verses? the love of God. Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad for the great love of God this morning? [Music] If you want to just worship him in your own way this morning, we'll just take a moment. Lord, I love you. I'll pay my vows in the midst of the congregation. Lord, I I couldn't save myself, but you you love me so much that you reach beyond the highest star and to the lowest hell for me. Oh, it goes beyond. Hallelujah. Oh, I thank you Lord Jesus. The highest the highest. Oh, thank you Lord and reaches to Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Lord. the Lord. Oh, the the guilty. Oh, yeah. That was you and I bowed down with care. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. God gave his son. Oh, yes. you will win. Thank you Lord. [Music] Oh child thank you for your love. Oh he reconcile. Oh yes and from oh thank you. Let's stand and sing it together now. Everybody together. Oh, the love of God. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, how rich, how Thank you, Lord. Oh, how many? Oh, I'm so blessed and strong. Oh yeah. Which shall forever. Aren't you glad that it will break you Lord forever for you. Oh the saint say. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus. Amen. Are you glad you have salvation this morning? Amen. If you're glad about it, tell your face about it. Smile and and and give him a hand of praise. That's all right. Amen. Now, we're going to sing this and Joel's going to come and just worship him in a moment. Well, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Thank you, Lord. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. Singing glory Jesus. Well, Satan had me bound. But Jesus, oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Well, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing, "Glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free." Well, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Oh, Jesus, one more time. Well, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound. Oh, how many's free here this morning? Well, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. singing, "Glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free." Well, I'm so glad he found me. in love. He bound me and put his arms all around me and he led me to the table. Oh, now I'm one of his own and know the joy of knowing with hearts are [Music] glowing. Someday I'm going going to my home, my home in glory. I'm going to walk on streets paved with [Music] gold. Oh well. I was on the mountain wandering from the fountain when I heard my savior speak to me. He said, "Come to me relenting and of your sins repenting. Oh, I will lead you out where you can see." We're singing. I so glad. Are you glad about it this morning in love? He put his arms all around me. Oh, and he led me to his shelter. And now I'm one of his own. And oh, the joy of know with hearts are glowing. Someday I'm going going to my home, my home in glory. We're going to walk on streets paid with [Music] gold. Well, I will love him ever. I will stray from him. No, never. For he's the dearest friend I ever knew. [Music] And when I see him yonder, my love will still grow fonder in that happy land beyond the blue. With all your hearts now, well, I'm so glad. Aren't you glad he found you in love? He found me. He put his arms all around me. holding healing me to the shelter. And now I'm one of his own and know the joy of knowing where hearts are glowing. Someday I'm going going to home my home in glory. Walk on streets fil with glory. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise. Aren't you glad he found you in love? He found you. He put his arms all around you. Aren't we glad for that today? Amen. I want us just before we go give all the mothers a big hand if you would. We sure love our mothers and we're thankful for every one of them. Amen. Just before we go, let's do Can't Nobody Do Me Like Jesus. Can't nobody love me like Jesus. Amen. Aren't you thankful for that? Amen. We're going to sing this and you're free to go. God bless you. Happy Mother's Day. Well, there can't nobody do me like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody do me like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody to be like Jesus. He's my friend. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody love me like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus cuz he's my friend. Well, he healed my body. Told me to run on. He healed my body. Told me to run on. He healed my body. Told me to run on. He's my friend. Well, he picked me up and he turned me around. I know. He picked me up and he turned me around. Well, he picked me up and he turned me around. He's my friend. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus. Oh, can't nobody love me like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody love me like Jesus. Oh, he my friend. Well, there can't nobody do me like Jesus. Can't nobody be like the Lord. Well, there can't nobody to me like Jesus. He's my bread. Well, he healed my body. Told me to run on. He healed my
