################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - Our Allotment in the Promise Part  11 “Benjamin” - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-12
Title:   Our Allotment in the Promise Part  11 “Benjamin”
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-td0elARkPo
========================================

[Music] [Music] Everybody. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] on celestial shore. I'm going to fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll I'll fly away when I die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Oh, when the shadows of this life have grown, I fly away. And like a bird from prison bars is flown. I fly away. Can you clap and sing it now? Oh yes, I fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away when I rise. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, and just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away. [Music] Oh, to a land where joy shall never end. I fly away. We're singing. I fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away. Oh, when I rise. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh, I'm going to fly away. One more time. We're singing out. Fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away when I rise. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh, I I'll fly away. For a long time I traveled down a long lonely road. [Music] My heart was so heavy it said I say glow. Oh then I heard about Jesus. Oh, what a wonderful hour. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. His saving power. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. [Music] I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Oh, like a bird out of prison that has taken its flight and like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Oh, like a poor wretched beggar that's found fortune and fame. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his holy name. With all your hearts now. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. By his wonderful grace. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. We're going to add in one more song. Clap your hands in the key of G. If you don't mind, put that one in there for me. I feel like y'all need woke up just a little bit. So, we're going we're going to wake up real quick. Is that all right? Y'all come to have church tonight. All right. Good. Well, we're going to have a little church tonight. When I first found this hole in this way, oh, all my night was turned today. [Music] And my friends, [Music] why I sing and clap my hands. [Music] Clap my hands. Clap my hands. Oh, everybody clap your hands. Oh, clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. [Music] Clap your hands. Clap your hands. [Music] Everybody clap your hands. Satan is a defeated [Music] in the name of Jesus. That devil's got to go. Just let him know you're holding God's hand. You're not going to worry. Going to clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Oh, everybody clap your hands with all your heart. Oh, clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Oh, everybody clap your hands. [Music] Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Oh, everybody go ahead and clap your hands as they play it one time now. [Music] Everybody clap your hands now. [Music] Oh, let me hear you sing it now. Everybody clap and sing if you can. Clap your hands. Oh, everybody clap your hands. Let me hear you now. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands. Clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight. [Applause] Y'all awake now? All right. Good. Amen. If the ushers would come at this time. Don't have a lot of written requests tonight. We just have a few, but I want to take those to the Lord. Please keep my cousin Jonathan Reagan in your prayers. I told him we would keep him on our prayer list. That's from Sister Brittney Puit. I mean, just remember him in prayer. The devil sure attacked him and we just want to see him back serving the Lord. So, just pray for him. Amen. If you have a need on your heart tonight, I don't I don't remember all the ones from the WhatsApp and things, but just remember all of them that we have, all the needs. I know there's some out. It's not with us tonight. Just keep all of them in your prayers if you would. And Amen. I believe the Lord can touch each one where they are. If you have a need on your heart tonight, would you just make it known by an uplifted hand, Brother David, take these needs for us, buddy. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come before you this evening, Lord. Just thanking you, giving you praise, Lord, for your glory, for your mercy, for your love, Lord, in our lives, Lord. Just thank you for being among us, your promise that you're with us tonight, Lord. Just looking forward to worshiping with you this evening, Lord. just ask you to come down Lord and we bring these requests before you see the need of Sister Britney Lord. I just pray you just move on that behalf Lord as only you know how to do Lord just move on that the uplifted hands Lord you know each and every need Lord just give them what they have need of this evening just ask you to bless this offering tonight Lord bless our brother Ben tonight as he speaks Lord just touch his body anoint him Lord speak through him Lord and just let us worship you Lord and spread it in truth this evening in Jesus name we pray amen I want to see you singing, "Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Won't you open the eyes of my heart? I want to see you." Oh, I want to see you. Yes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Yes, I want to see you. Oh, to see you. high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Won't you pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy, [Music] holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want to Oh, to see you high and lifted up one more time. Oh, to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Just pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Is that what you want to see tonight? Amen. Falling in love. Jesus. Oh yes. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. Oh, in his arms I feel protected. In his arms I'm never disconnected. [Music] In his arms I feel protected. Well, there's no place I'd rather rather be with all your hearts now. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever One more time in his arms. Can you just worship him now? Oh yes, in his arms I feel protected. In his arms I've never disconnected. [Music] In his arms I feel protected. Oh, there's no place I'd rather be. Is that what you want to do? Fall in love with him tonight? Can you give him another hand clap of praise? Amen. God is good all the time. And see, well, if you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. All the time in the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] Oh, we were sinners, so unworthy. still for us. He chose to die. He has filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love is everlasting and his mercies, oh they will never never end. God is good with all your hearts now. Oh, has he been good to you? Song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, if his light will shine, God is good. God is good all the time. Let me hear you sing that chorus now. Oh, God is good all the time. He puts us on the praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good. [Music] We're going to play that one more time. And I want you all to sing with all your hearts now. God is good. Let me hear you sing it now. All the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Well, he's so good. Oh, you're sounding better. Let's sing it all together now. Oh, yes. God is good [Music] all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. All the night will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Has he been good to you? Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. Well, I didn't have any specials, so we're going to just add another song in. Going up yonder in the key of sea. I want y'all to sing. Now, I I tell you, you're doing pretty good, but we don't have a Sunday morning crowd here tonight, so I need you to just sing extra loud. Can you do it for me? Amen. We're going to just sing with all of our hearts. Now, I want to hear you up here. Say, "Well, the music's too loud." Well, I can hear you when you really sing. So, just go ahead and sing and uh and we're just going to worship the Lord. You love to worship the Lord. Amen. We got just a little just a few minutes left before we change the service over. So, let's just invite him to come in. Amen. I believe he just loves our worship. Do you believe he inhabits the praises of his people? I know he does. So, let's just praise him tonight. Well, if you want to know, oh, where I'm going. Oh, where I'm going someday soon. [Music] If anybody ask you where I'm going where I'm going. Oh, someday soon. Oh, yes. I'm going up beyond. Oh, I'm going up yonder. Well, I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. Oh yes, I'm going up yonder. Oh, I am going up yonder. Oh, I'm going up to be with my Lord. Well, I can take the pain, the heartaches they bring. There's comfort in knowing I'll soon be gone. [Music] And as God gives me grace, oh, I'll run this race. Oh, until I see my Savior. going to see him face to face. Oh yes, I'm going in a rapture. Well, I'm going in a rapture. Oh, I'm going in a rapture to be with my Lord. How many is going here tonight? Oh yes, I'm going in a rapture. Oh yes, we're going in a rapture. Oh, we're going in a rapture to be with my Lord. Sing it again with all your hearts now. Oh yes, I'm going in a rapture. Oh, if you're going, can you put a hand up to him tonight? [Music] Oh, yes, we are going in a rapture to be with our Lord. Oh yes, we're going in rapture. Well, we're going in a rapture. [Music] Oh, I'm going in a rapture to be with my Lord. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. Is that what we're all striving for? Is to get ready for rapture. Amen. I believe that's why we're here tonight. Amen. To prepare and make ourselves ready, Amen. for the soon coming of the Lord. Let's stand to our feet tonight. Amen. And I wanted to sing this song as we change the order of the service. Amen. Did you come to just bless his name tonight and give him praise and honor? Is he worthy of it tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him another big hand clap of praise if you love him tonight. Amen. We're just going to sing this and as we invite our pastor. Amen. How many's ready for the word of the Lord? Amen. I believe you are. And let's just let's just pour open our hearts and let the word just pour into us. And I believe it'll change our lives and and help us here tonight. The prophet of God tells us, will we leave better or worse when we come to the house of the Lord? Amen. How many's going to leave better tonight? Let's just let's just let's just determine. We're not going to leave the same and we're not going to leave worse, but we are going to leave better than we came. Let's just pull on the word of God tonight and let's just sing with all our hearts before he before our pastor comes now. Amen. I bless your name. Let's sing that first verse. Oh, in prisoners chains [Music] with bleeding stripes. [Music] All in silence they pray that night. And in their pain [Music] they begin to see [Music] their chains were loosed and they were free. How many need some change to fall off of you tonight? Can we bless him now? I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. [Music] Lord, I give you praise for you are the life. You're the truth, the way. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. I like this verse here. Oh, some midnight hour. [Music] If you should fight, you're in a prison in your mind. What are we going to do tonight, church? Just reach out and praise and those chains and they will fall. Do you believe that tonight? Oh, in Jesus name with all your hearts now. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. [Music] You are the truth. [Music] I bless your name. Oh yes, I bless your name. Just bow your heads with me. Heavenly Father, we are thankful to be able to come to this place and bless your name tonight. Lord, your name is worthy, Lord. Regardless of what we've been through during the day or the week, you are still worthy to be praised. And so we bless your name tonight. And we we thank you for making us who we are, for causing us to be here in this place tonight, for giving us all the blessings that you give us, Lord. Even if we find ourselves in a difficult situation, Lord, you we know there's still deliverance ahead and and there's strength that can be found in your word. We thank you for that, Lord. I pray that you'd heal the sick tonight. I pray you'd touch every heart and bless each one. We pray. Move me out of the way, Lord. May you say only those things that need to be said. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to be back in the pulpit preaching tonight. So, we'll get right into the word of God. Genesis chapter 35 and verse 16. Genesis 35:16 says, "They journeyed from Bethl, and there was but a little way to come to Ephereth, and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor. And it came pass when she was in hard labor that the midwife said unto her, "Fear not, thou shalt have this son also." And it came to pass as her soul was in departing, for she died, that she called his name Benoni, but his father called him Benjamin. Pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated this evening. We've come all the way through 12 of Jacob's sons. We've seen the meaning of their name and their aotment in the land. and how the prophecy spoken over them has affected their lives and where they were placed in the natural. And we know that we've been placed in a spiritual land in the same way. This is the last one, Benjamin. Uh and and and I want us to just kind of focus tonight on the fact that our our birth, even our natural birth was pre-planned. Brother Brandham tells us that there's nothing out of cater. Nothing out of cater. We we think things are out of cater and we get nervous sometimes and we get worried and and we think well this is this wasn't right and this happened in my life or or or that happened in my life or maybe it was before you were born things that happened that affect you and it affects you today and you think well there's nothing I can do about that and it must have been some horrible thing that was out of cater says it wasn't out of cater at all in fact it was the actually God working it for your good And so we know that all things Romans 8:28 all things work together for good to them that are called according to the purpose of God. And so we either believe that or we don't. And and and I want us to understand I want all of us to understand especially our youth to understand that even our natural birth was pre-planned and there is an election in our natural birth right that we are elected by our spiritual birth. We are elected. Uh we are elected. There's a seed that's spiritual. Nothing natural about that. But our natural birth was also pre-planned. It wasn't an accident there. There's no such thing. If you're here tonight, you are not an accident. You're not a uh you're not just a a bother to your parents. You're not just a just something that's here that just happened to be here and now they got to now they got to raise you up. But that's not what it is at all. You were actually planned by God to be here. Even in your natural birth, even before you were saved, even before you ever come to church, even before you ever receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he had already picked you and pre-planned you and actually elected you to be born in the manner and in the place and at the time that you were born in. Now, now, Brother Brandham tells us, every one of you knows, he said that our birth was pre-planned. He said, "Did you know that your being here never originated just as a myth or a thought?" He said, "Everything." Someone say, "Everything." Was all pre-planned by God before the foundation of the world that you would be here. I believe this will settle us tonight if we could really grab a hold of it that we could really see the word. That's the great thing about the word of God. You know, emotions are fleeting and and we could we can be stirred up and and that that'll pass. And I thank God for that. We want to be stirred up, but the word will settle us and make us realize who we are and who's we are and where we belong. So he said, "Your being here never originated as a myth or a thought." Everything was all pre-planned by God before the foundation of the world that you would be here. So God didn't just have a sudden thought and said, "Oh, I think I'll I think I'll I'll cause this one to be born or that one." No, you were all pre-planned before the world was ever formed. He taught us that the natural birth is by election. Right? Because how else would that particular germ meet that particular egg, right? There there's no way, brother Rand said it's a greater mystery even than the virgin birth. He said the natural birth because of how that it comes together. And he said there is an intelligence behind all of this. He said otherwise what determines whether the baby is a boy or girl? Right? And that's why we don't changed that, right? Right. Only boys can be the fathers. Only girls can be the mothers, right? And there was an intelligence that determined whether you were a boy or a girl, blonde or brunette. I know like people like to go changing their hair color and that's up to you. But but God chose you to be the color that you are. Skin color, hair color, right? He chose that. Blonde or brunette, light or dark type of eyes, etc. Now, so God chose you to be that way. You say, "Oh, I'm so ugly." Well, God chose you to be like that, so it must not have been too ugly, right? But maybe sometimes we just need our thoughts to match the thoughts of God. So, Brother Brandon makes a striking statement in the church age book. He said, "With these thoughts in mind, think about Joshua and Caleb." He said, "Did not Jesus say in John 6:49, "Your fathers did eat mana in the wilderness and are dead." So, he's speaking to people that were standing in that time, and he said, "Your fathers ate mana in the wilderness and are dead." Your fathers, he said, "Those parents that died were necessary." Those parents that died were necessary as the forefathers of the people to whom Jesus was speaking. You think God don't have everything in control? Look, he's saying that the ones that were standing there disputing with Jesus, the Pharisees, he looks at them and he says, "Your fathers, right, died in the wilderness, right? They they ate man and they're everyone dead. Your fathers." And brother Brandon picks up on that and he says that was the planning of God. It was actually the election of God, right? That they were chosen to die in the wilderness. They were chosen to be the forefathers of the Pharisees, right? He said they perished yet they were in the election of God naturally as Joshua and Caleb were spiritually. Oh, I thank God for the spiritual election that bypasses the natural election. And in your nature, you might have been born into a horrible situation naturally, but God allowed that. But in your in your spiritual election, you were chosen to be something else entirely. You were chosen in the mind of God. And so, no matter what this body is, and no matter what the it its predecessors were, no matter what damage has been done to the DNA or the genes or whatever else that there is, yet you know there's a spiritual election that has nothing to do with that. Are you with me now? But but even in the natural, they were chosen to be there. They had to have those parents. So, think about your parents and your grandparents and your great-grandparents and your great great-grandparents. And I know some people have problems with their parents and and my mother's here tonight. And I thank God for my mother, and I thank God for uh my my family. And yet, you know, it wasn't perfect. And and my dad wasn't perfect, and my grandfather wasn't perfect. either one of my grandfathers both had their faults and I didn't know my great-grandparents, but I'm sure they weren't perfect either. They had their faults and and I've at times wish that maybe maybe I could have been born in a little bit better family. Maybe one that that believed in life insurance, you know, that would be good. Yes. You know, because we never passed any wealth down from generation. I'm trying to change that, break that cycle. But but you know that that would be nice if you were born to parents like that. And yet and yet we didn't get to choose our parents. But God did. God knew I needed to be born when I was. You needed to be born when you was. Right. To parents that didn't save their money. Come on, church. Right. Like like God knew that I needed to make it the way that I did so I would be here today. Because if I had the money to go to law school and do the things I wanted to do, where would I be today? But God put me right where he wanted me to be. Oh church, can you see the election of God and the fornowledge of God? If I could have been what I wanted to be, I might have been a sinner. I might have been out of out of the ark of safety. I might have been a completely not a preacher, not a minister at all. But God chose my parents. He chose my grandparents. He chose and he and he orchestrated my life to make me what I am today. So there's nothing out of cater. Are you with me now? See, you you you were but born and chosen. And I'm just kind of uh hammering down on that tonight because I want us to understand it. In Psalm 139:14, David said, "I will praise thee for I am fearfully and wonderfully made." Marvelous are thy works. He's not talking about the soul. the the the the election of the soul. He's talking about the body. He said the you in the natural, right? He said, "Marvelous are their works that my soul knoweth right well. My substance was not hid from thee when I was made in secret, curiously rot in the lower parts of the earth. Thine eyes did see my substance yet being unperfect. In thy book all my members were written, which in continuence were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them." Oh, I love this. If he can do that in the natural, what can he do by your spiritual birth? He said, "How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, oh God. How great is the sum of them. If I should count them, they're more in number than the sand. When I awake, I am still with thee." Don't let nobody tell you you're worthless. Don't let nobody tell you that because God pre-planned you. If he pre-planned the forefathers of the Pharisees, what what do you think he did for you? Are you with me now? So if if our natural birth was pre-planned, if God brought our great greatgrandparents together so we could be here, then it doesn't matter. I want you to think about this. Whether the things or the genes that we inherit are good or bad, they're for our good. Right? You might have inherited a gene of some kind or DNA that caused cancer, but it's for your good, right? It's for you to overcome. You might have inherited a temper, but it was for your good. Not to excuse it, but to overcome it. Right? So when we talk about Benjamin, Benjamin was born at Benoni. She Rachel called out his name because she was born while he was born while she was dying. And and and Jacob changed his name because he realized that Benoni, son of my sorrow, that would mark his life. So he said, I don't want him to be known by sorrow. So he changes his name to Benjamin. Benyamin in the Hebrew is I know I know that because my grandpa told me that years ago but Benyamin in Hebrew is actually uh it's son of my right hand instead of son of sorrow. So there's a great change in that. So he was his special son because he was born remember while Joseph was in Egypt and he was Jacob's only son by Rachel or so he thought. He thought Joseph was dead. When he did come to uh Egypt, he was special to Joseph as well. You remember how he he cared for Benjamin. It was little Benjamin that he cried over and he couldn't keep himself any long. Couldn't keep his secret any longer. And he he cried out, "I I I'm your brother, Joseph." What was it? Brother Brandon said that was he was a type of the 144,000 Jews at the end time that that Christ will reveal himself to. He they're special to him. I believe that today. And and yet Benjamin when he was born he there was Jacob gave a a a prophecy over him in Genesis 49. And you would think the prophecy would be positive because this is his favorite. But listen to it. Genesis 49:27. Benjamin shall raven as a wolf. In the morning, he shall devour the prey. At night, he shall divide the spoil. So raven means to tear or to rip. A wolf doesn't just kill. He he tears his prey. He he does what he does with ferocity and zeal. He promotes himself to the front of the pack and he and he fights his way there. And so that's the nature of a wolf. And and yet that's not all the story because in Moses when he gave his blessing over the tribes he he gives a completely different type of blessing to Benjamin. He said of Benjamin he said the beloved of the Lord shall dwell in safety by him and the Lord shall cover him all the day long and he shall dwell between his shoulders. It spoke of where Benjamin would be in the land. And I I've been through some of this before. We preach a series on overcoming a family curse. So, I'm not going to belabor some of these points, but you can go back and listen to that or or just dig for yourself and find some of these things. But Benjamin, his land was in uh was where Mount Mariah was. In fact, Jerusalem was divided between Judah and Benjamin. Mount Zion was in Judah, but Mount Mariah, where the temple mount was, was in Benjamin. So, the Lord would actually dwell in safety in Benjamin. So in his nature there's a fierceness that can be used either to tear or to protect. Right? To to rend, to be like a wolf or to protect, right? And so and and this passes on. It's a little easier to see in Benjamin than even the other tribes that we've looked at how that it affected his family. And you know, things pass on in families. We know that sin does. uh we know uh we know it passes on to the third and fourth generation and and even maybe beyond that in some cases sin passes on but also righteousness passes on right so the things that you do just by just by coming to church and believing the word and but believing the message that can make a difference to your family if the Lord carries to your children to your grandchildren to your great grandchildren because it makes a difference righteousness passes on from generation to generation just life just like sin does. Right? So once the curse is broken and and and and and a person is born again, then righteousness begins to build up in that family and even the their unsaved relatives benefit from that. So and brother Brandham taught us all of that. Now brother Brandham talks about himself. He said my mother as you know was a half Indian. He said my father was an Irishman, a Kentucky Irish at that. I guess that had significance. is a Kentucky Irish was had more of a temper than a regular Irishman. He said both of them had enough temper to fight a buzzsaw. He said all the time my mouth was mashed. He said I was little to begin with. You know that's a little man syndrome. Brother Brandham said Zakius had an inferiority complex. Not these brothers don't. I know. But but but Zakius did, you know. He he was just little. And and brother Brandon said that's why he was comp in competition with his with his friend, you know, that was going to take Jesus to dinner. And so brother Brandon said he was in competition. I think he called him Leavinsky. He's in competition with you remember the story, drag the trash can up and climbs up the tree, right? And so uh so it was uh he he it was something that uh it was something that ran in the family. Now he said both of them had an attemper to fight a buzzaw. They had this, he said he had this little man complex and he said they just picked me up and knocked me down. I'd get up again, they knock me down again till I just got unable to get up anymore. He said that's always, he said, then when I I was got able to get up, I got up again, they knocked me down again. So that's just the way I had it. And I thought I can never be a Christian. I wonder if we could really be honest with ourselves tonight. How many of us at some point in our lives might help our young people if we're more honest about it? At some point in our lives, we thought, "I can never be a Christian." Cuz I got problems in my life. I got things that I can't I I just can't seem to overcome. He said, "I thought I can never be a Christian, but when the Holy Spirit came into my life, that done it." Amen. Oh, that's what we want. We want the Holy Spirit to come in and take over our lives. The worst example of Benjamin, the tribe of Benjamin, as a ravening wolf, was in the incident of the Levite in Judges chapter 19. In fact, it's one of the darkest moments in scripture, one of the darkest chapters of scripture. And and you can go and read it. I don't have time tonight to read all of it, but it's it's remarkable in its in its depravity and and how far that the Benjamites had gone. They were a very warlike tribe, a very great tribe, but they they actually there was a great sin that was committed against the Levite who was sjouring in the land and his concubine was actually killed. And it's a brutal story. And instead of punishing the men who did wrong, they the the Israelites they sent the other tribes sent out and they said, "We want these men to be punished." And and instead of punishing them, the Benjamites banded together and started a civil war. And they were almost completely destroyed. In fact, the the few men that were left were the Bible says they were actually reduced to kidnapping their wives. because no one would let them marry in Israel. They'd made a packact. They wouldn't let them marry. So, they had to wait. You know, it's an awful story and and and almost humorous, too, because of that. But it was terrible. They almost there was almost completely wiped out. And the Bible sums it up in Judges 21:25. It says, "In those days, there was no king in Israel. Every man did that which was right in his own eyes." That's the way it is when there's no king, when there's no ruler. Yeah. And And so you you fast forward a few years from then and there was a young man named Saul, a Benjamite who was chosen to be the first king of Israel. And his family has overcome that that those those problems in the tribe to become prosperous and well respected. But he had an inferiority complex. He he he he don't Saul doesn't uh he he he can't really comprehend uh he he can't really deal with the fact that he's been made king. Remember he was a man-made king. Brother Random deals with that. The people wanted him and God wanted David but the people wanted Saul. So God allowed it and even anointed Samuel even anointed him for that purpose. But he never really was comfortable in the job because he he was inferior in his mindset. And in 1st Samuel 9:21, Saul answered and said, this is when Samuel tells him, "You're going to be the king." And Saul answered and said, "Am not am not I a Benjamite." Now, keep in mind what had just happened a few couple decades before that there had been this extermination nearly of the tribe. And and Saul's been brought up with the Benjamites being the least and the and the most maligned of all the tribes of Israel. He said, "Of the smallest of the tribes of Israel, my family, the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin. Wherefore then speakest thou so to me? And so it was something about Saul's nature that made him extremely paranoid because of what he'd been through. And remember what what you become in life is is the genes that are passed on, the way God allows you to be born and the place he allows you to be born, the sign you're born under, that's part of who you are. Uh the place where you're born is part of who you are. And then the nurture, the way you're brought up, the way the the experience that you have in life. And and so Saul would have been exposed to this story and he would have known what had happened. And so you find he's extremely paranoid. He believes he's not worthy to be king. And so he kind of props himself up and he watches for threats to his kingship. So when David comes along, Saul doesn't see him as the anointed of the Lord. He sees him as a threat. And I'm kind of moving fast through this tonight, but you know, this is why some people can never have a good friend because every time they get a good friendship, they start looking for that person to undermine them. And if and if they don't, they'll invent it. They'll make it up because they can never really trust anybody because they've got this complex. But the Bible tells us to cast down our complexes, right? every thought that exalts itself against the knowledge of Christ. But but they, you know, it's hard for some people to believe that people's motives are good, right? And so they're always looking for a a sinister plot, right? Or some type of conspiracy behind someone. If that person wants to be my friend, then, you know, I'm not a very good person. So if they want to be my friend, there must be some reason behind it. And so some people can't receive love because they think there's got to be some reason for it. And you'll find them actually uh getting divorces and rejecting love from from a wife or a husband, rejecting love from a family or even from a church because they they're reading motives into it. And all you want to do is help the person, but they reading all these motives into what you're doing. Right. Right. And in that situation, you you can't do help them because because they're just that's just the way that they are. They're suspicious. That's something that we have to overcome. But we we need to realize that God does have some good things for us. And yeah, we don't deserve mercy. We we're we're pretty bad people if you just looked at the flesh. And none of us deserve to be Christians. None of us deserve to be have any good gifts at all. None of us deserve to worship in church. None of us deserve to lift our hands. Nobody deserves to worship a holy God. But yet at the same time, we've been washed by the blood of the lamb. We've been cleansed from our sins. That our sin was dropped into that tub of bleach and it went back on him. And so we can worship God with all of our hearts. And so we should be able to receive the love of God without questioning it. Yes. Why is this person extending mercy to me? Why is this person loving me? Well, maybe because they just have love in their heart for you. But Saul couldn't see that David was was on his side. David would have never taken the kingdom from him. He would have waited until his time. Saul couldn't see that. So, you know, our makeup and what we are taking a little more time on this than I anticipated, but I hope it it it'll help us tonight. our makeup, our our nature, our nurture, the DNA, what we're made out of, it can be anointed by God, right? Or by the devil. So Saul could have been a defender, and he was at times a defender of God's people. He has this nature. He's a warrior, right? He's a fighter. But he actually became a ravening wolf because he was anointed. That makeup was anointed. You see the two prophecies over Benjamin. You can see both of them in Saul. He become a ravening wolf because he was anointed by the devil to do that. An evil spirit from the Lord. The Bible says overcame him. His son Jonathan was different. Glad there's some Jonathans in the world. In 1st Samuel 18:1, it says, "It come to pass when he made an end of speaking unto Saul that the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David." Jonathan, there was something about David that Jonathan loved. And Jonathan loved him as his own soul. Listen, David was as much or more of a threat to Jonathan as he was to Saul. But Jonathan didn't take him as a threat. Look at this remarkable conversation in 1st Samuel chapter 20 and verse 31. In 1st Samuel 20:31 and and this is important because sometimes people feel threatened. You know, sometimes older officers of the church feel threatened by younger men as they come along. But that shouldn't be a threat. It should be an opportunity to help somebody because you want somebody to replace you. Like that's the whole goal of what we're doing. You know, I want my kids to be better off than I am. I I want the church to be more stable than when I came here. I want it to be more stable when I leave. Right? If the Lord carries at some point, I'm going to leave because I I won't live forever. Right? So, so you realize that you want to empower other people. And to do that, you've got to be like Jonathan. You got to recognize this God's anointing this person and and how can I help them? How can I help them make it to to their place and their calling? Look, look at this conversation. Saul's telling Jonathan, he said, "For as long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground, thou shalt not be established." So, he's telling him, he's saying, he says, "Jonathan, your your throne won't be secure. I'm trying to help you, my son, become the king." He said, "You won't be secure as long as David's alive." He said, "Nor thy kingdom. Wherefore now send fetch him unto me, for he shall surely die." But look at Jonathan. Jonathan answered Saul his father and said unto him, "Wherefore shall he be slain? What hath he done? Look at the two sides of Benjamin you see in this one family, right? Jonathan here, he's protecting David and Saul is ripping and tearing like a wolf, right? And a lot of times we want to blame our family, but the things the way God allowed us to be could be good if it was anointed by God or it could be bad if it was anointed by the devil. Are you with me? Does it make sense to you? I I coughed in my mic. I turned my ear monitor down. Joel knows what I'm talking about there. Didn't help y'all any. Saul is ripping and tearing, forcing his way to the head of the pack, but Jonathan's being a protector. Listen. Same family, same genes, same experiences, different men. That's freeing right there. If you'll recognize it, because you realize I'm not what I'm I don't have to make all the mistakes my father made. I don't have to make all the mistakes my grandfather made. Right? My children won't have to make all the mistakes that I've made. Are you with me now? There's something freeing about that. See, because we can choose in in in our free moral agency. We can choose to to love God and love his people and and be the protector, not the destroyer. Yeah. I I read a story here recently and then I went and watched a documentary about it. The the common of Awitz, I think his name was Hess, he's considered the worst the worst mass murderer in history. The man who single-handedly killed more people than anybody else. And he killed Hundreds of thousands of Jews. In fact, I think around two million while he was there of the six million Jews that died were killed by the common of ash Awitz. His grandson is an evangelical preacher, pastors a church in Germany. That was remarkable to me. I went and looked him up and he actually did a documentary where he took his father who grew up at Awitz. You think about that, the atrocities, things that were going on and they had a home there right there. While the crematories were burning, they were playing in the ark. And and so he took his father back and showed him all these things. They got together with a a Holocaust survivor and talked to her about it. And it was it was remarkable the healing and things that had taken place. But he has devoted his life to speaking out on these things and talking about how the Jews are God's chosen people and and how that in the Bible because we're Christians, we have a responsibility to honor the Jews. And he's a preacher. And I got to looking at him and listening to some of what he had to say. And I thought, my goodness, they're from the same family. They got the same genes. He was brought up in his own home by his dad who had believed his father's lie that it was all just a a fake that the Holy Ghost was faked. And so his father taught him that. But somehow he got a hold of the truth and and and it changed him. Listen church, we are not bound to be what what what our genes say that we are. But we are we can be called out of that to a higher place until we're actually become a protector instead of a destroyer. For the grandson is a spokesman, a protector for the Jews. The grandfather was the greatest murderer of Jews that ever was. Don't let your family trauma your future. You get to choose. Somehow, this is important tonight. Somehow this is all for our good. A thousand years after King Saul, I got 15 minutes and I don't know if we'll make it tonight, but we'll stop when it's time to stop. But a thousand years after King Saul died, a son is born to a Benjamite family of tent makers in Tarsus. They name him after the ancient king. His family had high hopes for him. They were Pharisees. So he he was sent to Jerusalem and given the best education a Pharisee could dream of. His name was Saul. We know him as Paul the Apostle. In Acts 22:3 he said, "I'm verily a man which I'm a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cissia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Galo, taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, was zealous toward God as you all are this day." When a man named Stephen came preaching Christ, he held the coats of the men who stoned him. In Acts chapter 22 and verse 20, he tells about it. He said, "When the blood of thy martyr Steven was shed, I also was standing by and consenting unto his death, kept the raignment of them that slew him." Something about that exposure to the gospel, brother Brandham said, and he never got away from it, but in the meantime, it made him worse, right? And so don't give up hope on your loved ones because they seem to they come to church and they get worse, right? Because that's what Saul did, he saw Stephen and he saw him standing there and he never got away from that. Brother Brandon said that was God's billboard. Steven was there as God's billboard and and eventually it got a hold of of Saul. But Saul in the meantime in Acts chapter 9 verse one it says Saul yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter. Can you see the spirit of the wolf in the Benjamite? A thousand years after Saul, all these hundreds of of years after Benjamin was born and after Saul was born. And yet here still that trait is still going through the family. And and it said he went to the high priest's desired letters that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound to Jerusalem. He was a ravening wolf. And in Galatians 1:13, he tells about if you've heard of my conversation in time past in the Jewish religion, he said, "You you know how I was, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God and wasted it." See, he didn't just persecute them. He he relished it. He enjoyed it. He He wasn't just somebody who who who would persecute a Christian if he found one. He went and hunted them down. Went out of his way to throw them in prison. Sought permission to go and find more of them, men and women, boys and girls, and throw them in prison and kill them. He said, "I wasted it. Profited in the Jews religion above many. my equals and my own nation being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers. He had that nature of a wolf. He was he would rend and he would tear like a wolf would sometimes kill just for the enjoyment of it when they don't even need it. They'll kill a whole herd if they can do it when they don't even need it because they enjoy that so much. It took divine intervention. You You weren't going to talk Saul out of it. Saul of Tarsus, you weren't going to talk him out of of persecuting the church. You You weren't No amount of of reason was going to was going to make Saul change his mind. You could have taught him and taught him and taught him and everything else and and told him and said, "Son, you be a good boy and don't do that." But he had it in his heart. But one day on the road to Damascus to do more harm to the church just woof God got a hold of him. And what did he do? He, you know, God had again God allowed him to be the way that he was because there was elements of that God was going to use him. He was going to use that zeal. He was going to use that that that driven nature. But it took divine intervention to break that family curse. But I want you to think about this. We know how he was born again. He saw the pillar of fire. He said, "Lord, Lord, Lord, who are you?" And he he said, "I am Jesus. Whom thou persecutest?" And he goes, he he's blinded. He receives the Holy Ghost. He he's baptized. But think of the complexes he could have had. When Paul says in 2 Corinthians 10:3 through5 talks to us about walking in not w walking in the flesh but not waring after the flesh. He knows what he's talking about. Because Paul can't overthink himself in his own story or he gets in trouble. He said, "Though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare, not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. Casting down imaginations. Whose imagination is Paul casting? His own, right? He's got to deal with what he's done. He's got to deal with his past. He's got to deal with the Oh, church. Got to deal with all the families he's tore apart and all the nonsense that he's done. And yet recognizing that God saved him from that. Yes, I think every one of us can identify a little bit with that. You got to deal in your mind with what's happened and yet you know God saved you brought you away from that. He said, "So I bring into captivity every thought that exalts itself against the the knowledge of God. Bring into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." Good. Yes. Brother Brandham said he even went back to his own brethren. He said he had to he had to give all that up. He said Paul said, "I had to count it as dung. All the learning, all the things, but he said he had his church, his brethren. He was a fugitive from the church after that, the Jewish church. He had to run. Finally, his own church took his life. They killed him. And we find out persecuted from city to city, was stoned, almost dead once and so forth. his own brethren and he said I would become a curse for them. He didn't despise them. Oh, come on church. He He was a raving wolf. But when his nature got changed, I think we need more people with the Holy Ghost. That's what we need. We need the Holy Ghost to come to I think many of us need a refilling of the Holy Ghost because that old wolf nature showing back up and this old wolf nature was there. But once that wolf nature was changed, he said, "I would become a curse for the ones Yes. That that persecute me. Yes. He didn't despise them. He said when he received the Holy Spirit, he loves them. He wanted to save them. This is a remarkable statement. But the Brandon said, "Don't isolate yourself. Go to them kind, right? The ones you say, well, well, they they were wrong and and they they've treated me wrong." He said, "Don't isolate yourself. Go to them kind." Paul would be made a curse himself because it was the spirit of Christ that was in him that was cursed and hung on a tree for his own. He had the genes of a Benjamite. He had the upbringing of a Pharisee. His fathers died in the wilderness like the others. But he had been chosen by God from the beginning. How many are glad for the election of God? How many glad for spiritual election that that overcome our natural birth? We were born in sin, shaped in iniquity. Yet God had his hand on it. He had his hand on us. He chose us to be born the way we were and brought up the way we were. And yet and yet we were lost without hope. And God come down one day on our way to Damascus. He come down and woke us up and brought us the message of the hour. That ought to be something we could thank God for tonight on a Wednesday night. Hallelujah. He He had been chosen by God from the beginning. He said, "When it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb and called me by his grace to reveal his son in me," he said, "I that I might preach him among the heathen, and immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood." Listen, his ministry wasn't made by the council of Jerusalem. Yeah, he didn't separate from them. He he went to them, but they that's not who made him. That's not who gave him the revelation. It come from God. He Now listen, 1 Corinthians 15:9, he said, "For I am the least of the apostles. am not meat to be called an apostle because I persecuted the church of God. But by the grace of God, I am what I am. How many could could raise your hand and say, "That's me tonight. By the grace of God, I am what I am." It's only grace that brought me safe this far. It's only grace that'll lead me on. By the grace of God, I am what I am. And his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain. But I labored more abundantly than they all. Paul, he wouldn't even take money for preaching the gospel. He made tents. He traveled all over the world, gave his life and had a zeal in his heart even to be a martyr and go to Rome, preach the gospel. What did that? He knew what he was. And God took that same that nature that he had. He didn't take it away from him. But what did he do? He anointed it by the Holy Ghost. And he be he be to he be to be a protector instead of a destroyer. He said, "I labored more abundantly than they all. Yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me. Therefore, whether it were I or they, so we preached and so you believed." He consented to Stephven's death, but he did not let that condemnation destroy his effectiveness. Condemnation will destroy you as a parent, as a grandparent, as a as a church member. If you just let it sit on you, at some point, you got to get a revelation. There is therefore now no condemnation of them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. At some point, we got to start walking in the spirit. Say, I'm going to cast down every thought, every condemning thought. I know I've been redeemed. I know I'm free. I know I'm Listen, con all condemnation does is tie you to your past. We know the past was wrong. Let's go on into the future where all things are made right. He didn't let that condemnation destroy his effectiveness. He said, "For I am now ready to be offered. The timing of my departure is at hand." He said, "I have fought a good fight." He didn't say, "I fought a good fight except for that time." You know, but you know what he said? He said, "I did that in ignorance." Wasn't an ignorance of head knowledge. Because he knew who Jesus was. It was an ignorance. He had never met the Holy Ghost yet. Never met Christ yet. He said, "I have fought a good fight. I have finished my course. I have kept the faith. His fourth laid up for me a crown of righteousness." That word as we've preached many times that's a stfanos. I'm sure he thought of Stephen when he said it when he wrote it. A crown. Steven means crown. A crown of righteous which the Lord the righteous judge shall give me at that day. Unto me only but unto all them also that love his appearing. How could he be so sure? How could he be so sure that he was he had fought a good fight? He knew the same power that changed him from what he was would keep him in the hour of judgment. In the hour when the crowns were handed out, he said, "I fought a good fight." Listen. He said, "For the which cause also I suffer these things. Nevertheless, I'm not ashamed." He said, "For I know whom I have believed." I know. How many can say I know tonight as we're closing in just a moment. I know whom I have believed and am persuaded that he's able to keep what I've committed unto him against that day. I gave it to him. I couldn't keep myself. I couldn't make myself a nurturer, a protector, and not a destroyer. But he made me what I am. By the grace of God, I am what I am. And I'm persuaded that what I committed to him, he's able to keep. I committed my soul to him, he's able to keep my soul. Know he changed me. And I know I will be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. I want to ask you tonight if God could take a Benjamite named Saul, break the family curse, give him a new name, place him as the apostle to the Gentiles, what could he do in your life? What could he do in mine? See, God wants to use us. Did you know that, young man? He wants to use us. Even Puitz, he wants to use Puits and Vas. Some of them sitting there saying, "Don't call my name." God wants to use you young ladies. He wants to use you young men, but you got to get you out of the way. Come on. Right. Otherwise, you'll just be a destroyer. You may be talented, but you'll be a destroyer. You may be gifted, but you'll be a destroyer. But if you'll if you'll surrender to him, See, he wants to use you, but he wants to use you to to nurture and to protect, not to destroy. The new birth didn't do away with Paul's nature. It just gave him power over it. How do we know that? Because Paul says, "I protest by your rejoicing, which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord. I die daily." He wasn't talking about his hair. He said, "I die daily." Daily. Every day. He had to wake up and prove the devil wrong. I am not a ravening wolf. Come on, church. We think we Well, I got saved. I come to the altar and now why is the devil fighting me? He's going to fight you every day. He's going to make you prove you're a Christian. Gonna make you prove what you say. He's going to make you back up your testimony, but you can do it by the grace of God, sir. Every day he had to prove the devil wrong. Romans 12:1, I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, you present your bodies a living sacrifice, not just your say, well, my souls going to God, but present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. Be not conformed to this world. Don't be conformed to the nature that you are just automatically, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. The devil will make you prove it, but you can do it by the renewing of your mind. Every day Paul lived, he nailed his flesh to the cross and he said, "I'm not the sum of my mistakes. I'm a son of God. I'm a son of God. I belong to God." He said, "I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live yet not I but Christ liveth in me and the life which I now live in the flesh. I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. He said, "Well, what if I make a mistake?" Brother Brandham tells us a story about the man with no eraser. He said he went to be hired by the Ballard company and and he said he he said, "Why do you not have an eraser on your pencil and the man said the job applicant?" He said he said, "Well," he said, "I never make any mistakes." He said, "Then I can't use you." He said, "Because if you never make any mistakes, you ain't doing nothing." And so, Brother Brandon picked that up. He said, "If I fall or if I fail, let me rise and try again. Forgive me, Lord, and try me one more time." He said, "I prayed that so much to God till I'm ashamed of myself almost. Let me rise and try again, constantly falling and each time why he's been merciful to help me to come back again." How many can testify to that tonight? He said, "Now, if we just look it over, listen to this. Listen to the humility of a prophet. And if we'd be honest with ourselves, we'd say the same thing. He said, "There isn't an hour through the day, sir." So when you going to pick on somebody else, which hour are you going to spend picking on somebody else? Say, "Well, they don't have any love. They don't do this, that, or the other." I fail him every hour. There is an hour through the day hardly. But what's something we do that's wrong? And now there's no little ones or big ones. They're all big ones before God. So if Apostle Paul had to die daily, how much more will we have to die daily? He said, "Then I think a person that has done something wrong and is willing to make it right." The real Christian attitude is to forgive that person. Remember, if you go back a couple weeks, I talked to you about Brother Graham Snelling. Brother Brandon was preaching this in his church and he had had a problem and he had started his own church, left the tabernacle, started his own church. Brother Brandham went dedicated it, right? And and and so brother, he's talking to brother Graham's trying to encourage him. He said, "There's where I think brother Graham the church people today miss it so much. Instead of trying to raise this person back up again just to keep shoving them farther, said see Christ when we were the lowest, he stooped down and picked us up." He said that makes it to where we ought to have that kind of a spirit too. Can I have just three or four more minutes? You remember the How many's ever read the book of Fleiman? Few of you, you can read it in five minutes. in in in the Bible there's a book called Fleiman and it's written it's a letter to Fleiman about a slave called Onissimus or Wanisimus something like that and and and Paul has an interesting relationship with this guy because this guy run away from home and his master become a Christian and Paul knew him. In fact, Paul evidently had spread the gospel there in that place. his master believed it. And so now Wanissimus is is has run away from home and he becomes a Christian. And so recognizing the under the law in that day like you know the slave would leave and they would take stuff with them and probably stole some stuff and did his master wrong. And so Paul writes a letter and sends this slave back to his master. But he sends him back in a very interesting way. If you read the book, I don't have time to read it tonight, but in verse 17, it says, "If thou count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself." I don't see a bit of the ravening wolf nature in Paul at this stage of his life. I don't I don't see even a bit of it. Thank God for the Holy Ghost. Paul says, "If this slave has wronged thee or oweth thee ought, put that on my account." So he writes back to him. He says, "I know he left you. I know he stole some stuff or, you know, broke some stuff or did something wrong." He says, "But whatever he owes you, put it on my account." Don't sound much like a Benjamite, does it? Right? Verse 2 Corinthians 5:17 tells us, he said, "Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he's a new creature. Old things are passed away. All things are become new." That's what Paul was doing was exhibiting that new nature. He said, "Whatever he owes you, be reconciled to him." And he actually tells him in that in that chapter, he tells him, he says now, he said, "I want you to receive him, but not as a servant." said, "Receive him as a brother." Oh, thank the Lord. What was it? It was something in Paul that was bringing not a tearing, not a ripping apart, but a reconciliation. He said, "And if any man be in Christ, he's a new creature, and all things are become new, and all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation." He did not give us the ministry of ripping apart, right? but the ministry of reconciliation to with that God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself not imputing their trespasses unto them and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. What was he why is Fiman even in the Bible it's showing us the word of reconciliation? Oh church, the genes of the Benjamite made Saul a ravening wolf ripping and tearing to get his own way. But the seed gene of God musicians go ahead and come by the new birth. Give him a ministry of reconciliation. Hallelujah. Well, that's what I want tonight. That's what I believe we have. He said he's given to us the word reconciliation. That's what this message is. It's not a word of tearing and ripping. It's a ministry of reconciliation, reconciling us back to the word. Listen to me tonight as we close. I know I've taken a little bit longer than normal, but you forgive me. If you've been placed naturally a certain way, and we've talked about all these young men and how they were placed in the land, and we just are who we are, brother Bill. We just a certain way. Right? You look at a person, you say, "Well, that's just his way. It's just their way. It's the way their family is." But the genes, you know what genes are? It's it's it's letters. It's information. It's word. Do you know that? Your body is made up of word. That's what it is. that can take the genes in your body and lay down its ABC, right? It's information. It tells you what color your eyes are, right? That come from your parents. God orchestrated that, right? So, what are the genes of God? The genes of God is the word of God. So, so you say, "Well, my family's lazy, but the word isn't that way. My family has a temper, but the word isn't that way." And when, Brother JT, we've been reimed, right? By our new birth, we've been reined. Oh, this ought to make this ought to make a Baptist shout. We've been reined. So, whatever the word says a husband can be, I can be. Not because of my father, not because of my grandfather, but because of the word gene. It was put down on the inside of my heart. And what was it? It began to express, it can only be expressed under the message of the hour. That's why the message is so important because the message come the message come to to give us the information that would change us. And the message isn't just something on the outside, but it's something within you. That's why you couldn't leave it. You couldn't give up on it. You couldn't say it's not true. Why? Because there's something inside of you that identifies with it. It's part of who you are. Yes. So, no matter what the world tells you you are, no matter what your family history tells you you are, what does the word say you can be, that's the instructions you've been given, and that word will make you into what you are just as much as your natural genes made you blondeheaded or blackheaded or whatever you are. The spiritual gene will make you a son or daughter of God if you'll let it tonight. If you'll just surrender to it. Can we just do that? Let's bow our heads together. Why can't Why don't we just put ourselves on the altar tonight? I want to be like Paul. I want to die daily. Let this be the moment today. Tomorrow I'll die again. Let me die to my natural genes so Christ may live in me. Paul said, I I keep under my body. Bring it under subjection. I don't want to be a Benjamite. I don't want to just be a raving wolf. I don't want to just be a Jew. I don't want to just be a Pharisee. I want to be a son of God. I've been given a ministry of reconciliation. But why don't we put ourselves young and old on the altar tonight? Said, "Christ, I want you to live in me. Let your word live. Let it be born in my heart." Heavenly Father, that's my desire tonight. I lay myself on the altar with these people, with this congregation, Lord. have come and listen patiently tonight. I pray God that you'd help us. We We want to be right. We don't want to ever be be Lord what we are by just by nature. Just do things because that's the way we are. We want to do everything according to the word. Change us oh God by the power of the Holy Ghost Lord that makes that DNA live. Oh God, that quickens the word to us. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. As when our natural bodies, when our spirit come into us, Lord, it made the the DNA that we were live. Oh God, may the spirit of God come in every heart tonight. Refill us, oh God. Lord, as we die here on this altar, Lord, refill us as we die to ourselves. Refill us with the genes of God, Lord. Make it active in our make the word active among us, oh God, that we can love one another. We can exhibit the fruits of the spirit. we can live like Christians ought to live. I pray you'd grant it tonight. We love you. Thank you for this service. I pray Lord somehow you'd Lord take the broken words and make it real to us. Father, I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. You believe he wants to use you tonight. If you need prayer, the altar is open. Let's stand together. Even though it's humble, Lord, help my will to crumble. [Music] Though the cost be great, I'll work for you. [Music] Jesus, use me. Oh, that's my desire, Lord. Lord, don't refuse me. Oh, surely there's a work that I can do. [Music] Lord, help my will to crumble. And though the cost be great, I'll work for you. One more time for the Jesus. Oh Jesus, use me. Oh Lord, please don't refuse me. For surely there's a work that I can do. And even though it's humble, Lord, help my will to crumble. And though the cost be great, I'll work for you. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee and I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. [Music] What have I done to deserve such glory that's revealed in me? Thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life. Oh Lord. Oh, can we just thank him now? Aren't you thankful for the word that he's given us in this hour? Oh, I just Want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me. Thanks for that special life. Oh, when I saw your glorious life, came face to face with eternal life. Oh Lord, I thank thee. Can you give him a hand clap of praise tonight? Aren't you thankful that he showed us the message of the hour and who we are? Amen. Look what the Lord has done. Let's try that one on the key of G. Well, look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. And I'm going to praise his name. Oh, each day is just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. I'll sing it again now. Oh yes. Look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. And I'm going to praise his name. And each day is just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord I'll sing it one more time with all your hearts now. Oh, we're singing. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. And I'm going to praise his name. And each day is just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Give him a big hand clap of praise. Amen. Aren't you glad that he made a change in your life? Amen. You know that one? There's been a change in my life. You ever heard that one? There's been a change in my been a change in my life. There we go. I feel the spirit moving deep down inside. I serve a God who is very much alive. You know he's alive tonight. I feel a change in my life. With all your hearts now, there's been a change in my life. Oh, I feel the spirit moving deep down inside. I serve a God who's very much alive. I feel a change. And one more time with all your hearts now. Oh yes, I feel a change in my life. Oh yes, I feel the spirit moving deep down inside. I serve a God and he's very much alive. I feel a change in my life. Amen. You're free to go. God bless you. Oh, we shall be changed. I know that we shall be changed. Oh, changed from this mortal immortality. Oh, in the twinkling.
