################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Elijah Part 1 "Spiritual Food in Due Season" - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Elijah Part 1 "Spiritual Food in Due Season"
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goSr87_jFC4
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat up [Music] here. Heat. Heat. [Music] Okay. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Well, it's all about you, Jesus. Amen. and give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Are you happy to be in church? Amen. The blood will never lose its power in the key of G. Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for me. [Music] Oh, way back on Calary. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the [Music] lowest valley. Yes, it does. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength from day [Music] [Applause] Today it will never lose its power. Oh, it soothes my doubts and calms all my fears. Oh, and it dries all my tears. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. Oh, it will never never never lose its power with all your hearts now. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain. Yes, it does. And it flows to the lowest valley. Oh yes. The blood that gives me strength from death. today. It will never never never lose its power. Sing it again with all your hearts now. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh yes. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never never never lose its power. Well, give me your hand now. Let's agree together. that all of our [Music] eneies will crumble at our feet. For whatever we bind on earth will be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. Oh, Satan has Do you believe that this morning? Let me hear you sing it. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan rages, we will not be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. For many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus, Lord, we're still alive. And like a mighty army, we'll keep marching onward. We're winning every battle for the Lord. Do you believe that? Oh, let me hear you sing it now. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. And though Satan rages, we will not be defeated. We've got the power in the name. Sing it one more time with all your hearts now. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan brings, we will not be [Music] defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Do you believe that we've got the power in the name of the Lord? Amen. Let's sing this one. I'm redeemed. Where there was hate, love now abides. And where there was confusion, peace now reigns. Well, I'm walking with Jesus. I'm a child of the king. Oh, and it's all because I am redeemed. Oh, yes, I am. Yes, I am. I've been born with. Oh my Jesus has changed my whole [Music] life. And if anybody asks you just who I am, won't you tell them that I am redeemed? Oh, I'll tell of his favor and I'll tell of his love and I'll tell of his goodness. Has he been good to you? Oh, yes, he has. Well, he purchased my redemption with his own precious blood and from sin. I am set free with all your hearts. Now we're singing, I am redeemed. I've been bought with the price. Oh my Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you just who I am, won't you tell them that I am? Oh, sing that chorus again with all your hearts now. Oh yes, I am redeemed. Well, I've been bought with the price and my Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you just who who I am, oh, won't you tell them that I am redeemed? Are you redeemed this morning? Amen. As the ushers would come. Yeah. Go ahead and give the Lord a hand of praise. He's worthy of it. Amen. as the ushers would come if you would just play that. I just want to please the Lord. And we don't have a lot of written requests today, but we just have a couple here. Brother David White says, "A customer of mine, his mother got hit by the tornado and by Syton, lost everything. Uh she has a broken femur, hip, back, pelvis, ribs, and a lot of trauma to her head. So remember that need a very serious need in prayer. and also from Sister Britney Puit. Please keep praying for my cousin Jonathan Reagan. Amen. We we know we have a a God that hears and answers prayers. And and I ask, Brother Isaac, if he would take these needs to the Lord this morning. If you have a need on your heart, would you just let it be known by an uplifted hand? Lord, you see the needs of the people and you see the requests that have been made. Lord, I sent you seat to those needs personally. Lord, I see you bless the ties and the offering and the service to come in Jesus Christ and pray. Amen. Well, I just want to please the Lord, be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. to hear him say, "Well done." Someday with all your hearts now, "Well, I just want to please the Lord in his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness, to hear him say, "Well done someday." One more time now. Well, I just want to please the Lord. in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness to hear him say, "Well done someday." He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all that I need. Oh, he's all I need. He's all I need. [Music] Jesus is all I [Applause] need. Oh, I will take him now. I take him now for all that I need. Oh yes, I take him now. I take him now for all that I need. I will worship him. Oh, I will worship. Can we worship him this morning? I will worship him in spirit and in truth. Oh, I will worship him. I will worship him in spirit and in one more time. He's all I need. I wonder if we could put our hands up to him. Oh, he's all I need. He's all Oh, yes, he is. Jesus is all I need. Oh, he's all. Oh, he's all I need. Jesus. Oh, you're sounding good. Can you do it one more time? Amen. If you need him this morning, would you just put a hand up and tell him, "Oh, he's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all that I need. He is all I need. He's all that I need. Jesus is all I need. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise. You know, we're going to add one in. Sister Anna, I've been changed in the key of G. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Well, I've been changed from this creature that I once was and [Music] redeemed. Oh, let me hear you sing it now. Well, I've been changed and I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a [Music] difference. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Though my sins were scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound. Are you free this morning? Well, I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind. But now all clap your hands and sing it now. Well, I've been changed and I've been reborn. Well, all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. [Music] Oh, when at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, then I'll thank him for giving a wretch. A new home beyond the sky. Well, I've been changed and I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. Yes, it has. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Sing that last verse again. Oh, when at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, then I thank him for giving a rest like me a new home beyond. Let me hear you sing it now. I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference when the Lord has all my life. One more time as brother Allan comes to sing. Well, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. Oh, all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. If you've been changed, can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise this morning? [Music] Amen. Y'all can sing this with me. Um, it as well. If you could put that up, Sister [Music] Joanna, when peace like a river attendeth my way. When sorrows like sea belows roll, whatever my lot, thou hast taught me to say. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well. with my [Music] soul. Though Satan should buff it, though trial shall come, let this bless assurance control. [Music] All that Christ has regarded my helpless estate and has shed his own blood for my soul. It is [Music] well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] my sin. Oh, the bliss of this [Music] glorious thought. My sin not in part but the whole. Oh, it's nailed to the cross and I bear it no more. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. It is [Music] well with my [Music] soul. It is well. It is well with my [Music] soul. And Lord, haste the day when my face shall be sight. The clouds be rolled back as a scroll. The trump shall resound in the Lord. He shall descend. Even so it is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. But Lord, for thee, for thy [Music] coming we wait. [Music] The sky, not the grave, is our [Music] goal. The shout of the angel, the voice of the Lord. Blessed rest. Blessed hope for my [Music] soul. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my [Music] [Applause] soul. Amen. Is it well with your soul this morning? Amen. Did you enjoy that this morning? We appreciate brother Allen singing that. I want to say this. Uh we want to just keep Brother Riley and Sister Bella in prayer. They're getting married next weekend. Amen. Give him a big hand. Congratulations. Too late now, buddy. You done did it. So So you just you can't back up now. But uh we're proud of them and we we just want to keep them in prayer. You know, you live on love for a while and then and life gets real and and all that. And and some of these folks been married a long time could tell you, you know, you just got to keep the Lord in the middle of the marriage and and and he'll take care of it. And so just keep them in prayer. And I know several several's out traveling this morning. I know the prices and some of the prices in the sartans duckworths and so just keep them in prayer for traveling mercies and it's vacation time. So every time this time of year we just uh you know we just keep all those folks in prayer. I know brother Allen's going to be leaving out Tuesday I believe. So just keep their everybody that's traveling just keep them in prayer. Amen. We want them all to return safely. And and also don't forget I know we're just about getting into June. Don't forget our meetings coming up in July. Be in prayer for those that the Lord will just really move in a special way. Can we do that? Amen. I don't know if you saw this morning on the board, but for our youth, there's going to be a youth banquet August the 16th. And so if you're 13 to 30, never married. Sorry, Riley, but never married. uh then you can come to that banquet and we're going to uh we're going to get all the details out to you here real soon and uh we'll have a registration and everything for you to sign up. So just keep praying for those things and and we're just thanking the Lord for giving us the opportunity to keep working and until the last one comes in. And so I wonder if we could stand together. We're going to go ahead and sing this If Not for Grace and invite the pastor. Amen. Are you ready for the word of the Lord this morning? Amen. And I believe that the Lord will move upon every need in the building if we'll just move ourselves out of the way. Move the tiredness or thoughts of what we're going to do tomorrow or the next day. Amen. I believe the Lord's got something special for us today. Amen. So, let's just sing this with all of our hearts now. Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. I was a hopeless case, an empty place. if not for grace. Oh, amazing. Aren't you thankful for his grace this morning? How sweet the sound I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was a hopeless face, an empty place if not for grace. Oh precious Lord. Oh precious Lord. Oh please take my hand. Oh she lead me on and let me stand. I was a hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. One more time with all your hearts now. Where would I be? Where would I be? Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, where would we be this morning? You only know. Oh, I see. Oh, thank you, Lord. True eyes of love. Oh, I'm glad, Lord. A hopeless gave. Oh, I was an empty place. Oh, if not for grace. Could you think about what that means while you sing it this morning? Amazing grace. Oh, thank you, Lord. Where would I be? How sweet the sound. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, I once was long. [Music] Oh, but now I'm found. I was a hopeless cave. Empty place. Oh, an empty place. Oh, if not for grace. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, so thankful, Lord, that we've come from an empty place to a full place, a place filled with the goodness of God. Lord, sometimes in our lives, we can't see that goodness like we want to. But Lord, we know you're still good. Even when we're hurting, even when we're tired, even when things aren't going maybe like we think they should, Lord, you're still a good God. You still love us. You You don't change what you think about us, Lord. you. You said, "I know the thoughts that I think towards you." And we are so grateful for that today, Lord. Without your grace, where would we be? What would we be? But we stand here today washed by the blood of the lamb. We're so thankful, Lord. I pray you'd move, Lord, in this service this morning. Lord, move me out of the way. I I know that I can't answer every question. I can't ease every troubled mind. I I can't heal the sick. I can't I can't do those things, Lord. that you can do all of those things and I pray you would do it this morning. May your presence reign supreme among us. Move me out of the way and speak to your people. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord. Amen. We're going to go to First Kings chapter 17 this morning. First Kings chapter 17. While you're turning there, I'd uh like to say uh our my anniversary is coming up. Britney and I's anniversary coming up on uh uh the 20th. That'll be 19 years for us. So, we've got a few years on you, Riley. and Bell. But uh we're uh I feel old all of the sudden, you know, 19 years of marriage and going to be 20 next year and and soon we'll be I'll be 40 this year and and uh but I don't want to wear out. I I want to give the my very best to the people of God. We're going to be gone for a few days, but brother Joel will be around and if you need me, you can still call me. Brother Joel will be around though and uh for the next few days and preaching Wednesday night and she's thankful for good help and for what God has given us. I'm so thankful for that. I I I I'm so blessed when we travel and things. I was talking to a pastor uh yesterday. We were in Oklahoma yesterday at at my aunt's uh memorial service and and I was talking to the pastor there and he was talking to me how hard it was. He had no help and things. I'm so thankful that God has given us help in these things. with Joel mentioned the meetings and the youth banquet coming up. We'll have our fall festival this year. Just looking forward to a good time in the Lord. How many want to hear from the Lord this morning? That's what you came for. Amen. Let's let's turn to the word. First Kings chapter 17 and verse one. And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, "As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be due nor rain these years, but according to my word." And the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself by the brook Cherth, that is before Jordan, and it shall be that thou shalt drink of the brook, and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there. So he went and did according unto the word of the Lord. For he went and dwelt by the brook Cherith that is before Jordan. And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning and bread and flesh in the evening and he drank of the brook. I pray the Lord would add his blessings. You may be seated. I want to speak to you this morning on spiritual food in due seasons. We our subject will be to Elijah. We're going to go through some of the life of Elijah and some of the things that he did and uh and and show uh the type for our day. The remarkable thing about Elijah is how little we know about him as a man. He was a tishbite and we don't even know what that means to be a tishbite. We don't know where where that was. And we we know he was from Gilead which is east of the Jordan River but we don't know exactly where. All we know is he was a servant of God. He was a prisoner of love to Jehovah. He spoke I'm getting a ringing uh in and I don't know if it's in my monitors or what, but we know he was a prisoner of love to Jehovah. And his name means my God is Jehovah. How many can say that this morning? My God is Jehovah. The world may be going down and there may be trouble but my God is Jehovah. There may be wars and rumors of wars and there may be trouble at home and trouble at work and trouble all over the place, but my God is still Jehovah. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. He doesn't change. The circumstances of life change, but there's something about a man who's sure about what he's talking about. And Elijah was sure about what he was talking about. He said, "I know my God is Jehovah." Yeah. Now, God was going to use men with this same spirit of Elijah five times. We're taught that Elijah in the of course Elijah himself, Elisha, his successor, who he threw his mantel on, uh John the Baptist in uh in in the first coming of Christ. And then we know that Malachi 4 predicts uh the coming of Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And then in Revelation 11, it's spoken of the two prophets and one of them would be one who would stop the heavens that it wouldn't rain, which is obviously a reference to Elijah uh to uh the Jews. And so that he comes five times. Now, each of these men would would have characteristics that were similar. They would love the wilderness. They would condemn Jezebel and her religion. They would warn of oncoming judgment. and they would bring a message that would change the hearts of the people. So each one of these would have those same characteristics. In Malachi 4, it speaks of our Elijah that come in our day. Malachi 4:5 says, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. and he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Now, many modern theologians or some modern theologians will tell you that this speaks of John the Baptist only. But if you go and look, I I I think the majority of commentaries that I have access to actually recognize two different men in Malachi 4. Uh in fact even back to ancient times, one of the earliest church theologians that there ever was was Victorinus. And he spoke of Elijah the prophet who was the precursor of the times of the antichrist for the restoration and establishment of the churches from the great and intolerable persecution. I know the devil many times will tell you, "Well, that's just something Brother Brandon made up." It's not. Students of scripture could see it, but they couldn't see who it was. They couldn't see who it was. Just like what happened with John, they knew, the Jews knew Elijah was coming, but they couldn't recognize him when he came. Right? So, students of scripture again, even in newer commentaries, uh, uh, Jameson Faucet Brown says the the the words before the dreadful day of the Lord show that John cannot be exclusively meant for he came before the day of Christ's coming in grace, not before his coming in terror. And the destruction of Jerusalem was just the earnest of his coming uh, in terror. in the CSB study Bible. Uh it's actually a different translation, but it's a study Bible on that. And it says, "Although this prophecy was provisionally fulfilled by John the Baptist, it will be further fulfilled at Jesus return." Now, they get it mixed up with the with the Elijah of Revelation 11. They say it will be accompanied by a great revival of faith in Israel. Again, uh another uh commentary, a recent commentary says Jesus explained that John the Baptist was the Elijah who prepared the way for his first coming, but made clear that another Elijah was yet future. And this future Elijah would prepare the way for Messiah's second coming before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. So, it wasn't just us looking for it, but we're the ones who recognized it when it came. So and and they're referring there to Matthew chapter 17 uh verse 10 which his disciples asked him this is the disciples coming to Jesus and said why then say the scribes that Elias must first come and Jesus answered and said unto them Elias truly shall first come and restore all things. Someone say all things. It shall restore all things. This message wasn't sent just to make us doctrally correct. I hope you hear me today. This message wasn't sent just to make us good theologians and able to understand the scriptures. This message was sent to restore marriages. This message was sent to restore relationships between parents and children. It was sent to restore back a condition uh uh where a people could believe for healing again. People could believe for salvation again. People could believe for the miracles of God again. That he was present. That's what this message was come for. It was to restore all things that were lost. Everything that was lost to the church, it come to restore those things. He said, "But I say unto you," he said that Elias has come already. So he said, "There there is a Elijah coming that will restore all things." And that we know that wasn't John the Baptist because he didn't do that, right? But he said Elias has come already. That's John the Baptist. And they knew him not. But unto him whatsoever they listed, likewise also shall the son of man suffer them. And then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist. So Jesus said there's an Elijah coming to restore all things. We know the Jews, if you go back in history, they were so expecting the coming of Elijah that they set a place for him at at a wedding. Every time they had a wedding, they had a they had a extra chair, an empty chair and a knife and a fork if they had that those kind of things back then. But they had a place setting for Elijah because that's how much they knew and they believed and were taught that Elijah had to come because of the prophecy of Malachi. Elijah was going to prepare the way of the Lord. But when he came, they missed him. Right? And what's happened in our day is the church was expecting Elijah to come. But when he came when when a man come in the in the spirit and power of Elijah, they missed him. They were expecting him. But they missed him because of how he came. He came as a Kentucky hillbilly and he was just a man and he was just a fallible human being and just like John come out eating locust and and wild honey. And they said that can't be the one who's forerunning the Christ. But he was the one who forerran the Christ. And this Elijah in our day is the one who forerruns the first coming or the second coming of Jesus Christ. Do you believe that this morning? I know we're all mostly believers here this morning. And so I would I would challenge our faith this morning. You say, "Well, I already knew these things." But we need to remember, we need to be reminded of this because again, this message isn't just theology. This message isn't just what what I can learn. This message affects my everyday life. It affects me. Listen, if you don't want to be up and down all the time and in and out all the time and and and constantly uh constantly affected, your your spiritual life affected by the winds of change in the world. If you want to be a stable Christian that's not tossed on the on the seas of life, you need to recognize what God's done in our day. And you need to feed on that word. That's what'll keep you by the brook. That's what'll keep you in a time of famine. That's what'll keep you in an hour when the world's gone crazy. And sometimes it feels like you're going crazy, but yet it'll keep you. You know, God sent Elijah for me. And not just the knowledge of that, but what he had to say is food for my soul. Yeah. It opens up the scriptures to me and it teaches me that there's a life greater than the life of the world. Amen. I I you know, I know people you want to look down on message people say, "Well, message people aren't very good." I know there's a lot of nonsense out there, but I I'll take up for message people this morning. There's no better way to live. There's no better people. There's no more love anywhere that you'll find. You say, "Well, we got problems." There's problems everywhere. That's the human condition. Everybody's got problems, but we got a way out of those problems. Everybody's got uh Everybody gets cross with one another now and then. Yeah. Right. That's not nothing new. People have been doing that since the beginning of time. Since Adam blamed Eve for for giving him the apple, people have been getting fighting with one another and fussing with one another. Everybody does it. Everybody still does it. But I'll say this. We got something that lifts us above those things. We can still fellowship around something all right that cleans up our families that that that causes us to love one another. Just because there's been many failures doesn't mean that there's not a reality somewhere. And we believe we are that reality. We want to live it. We don't want to just talk about it. Well, God sent a prophet. That's good. What did he come to say? What did he come to do? What did he come to restore? Have you been restored? Yes. And if it you have been, it'll make a difference in your life. Now look, they missed him when he come. We don't want to miss him. And they missed Christ because they missed the forerunner of Christ. Cuz if they'd have seen the forerunner come, they would have been there when he introduced them to Jesus Christ. Are you hearing me now? Because they'd already dismissed John's message and said he was a hack. Yeah. Are you saying, "Well, I just won't take the message. I'll just wait on the coming of Christ." Well, if you don't recognize the message and the messenger, you're never going to see the coming of Christ because it was John who introduced him. And only those who were listening to the message of John were able to see. But they didn't stay with John. They moved on with Christ. They come on into the word. But what were they doing? They could see God. They could see what John said. It was John's message that caused them to understand who Jesus was. And it's still the message of the hour that causes us to understand who Jesus is. Yes, that's why we need it. And it's not about lifting up a man. We are not here because of a man. This church isn't about a man. It's not about brother Brandham. It's not about me. It's not about the deacons. It's not even about you. This church is about worshiping God, right? It's about worshiping God. We don't worship one another. We don't worship our potlucks. We have potlucks, but we don't worship them. We got pews, but we don't worship them. We got pianos, but we don't Come on, church. We don't worship them. We don't worship the music or the song leaders. We come together to worship God. And he where two or three are come together. He said in my name, he said, I will be in the midst. Huh? Oh my. That's why we gather together. We believe. We believe that God that this message points us to Christ. Amen. He said, "Behold the lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world." So, it's one thing then to recognize that brother Brandham's ministry fulfills Malachi 4. I think if you really study it, any person with a just an open heart that's not, you know, just saying, "Well, it's just a cold. It's just this, that, or the other." And you turn away from it. But if you have an open heart and mind, I think you'd agree that it matches. It fulfills that. But it's another thing entirely to have your heart turned back to the faith of the fathers by the message of Malachi 4. It's one thing to recognize Malachi 4. It's another thing to have your heart turned because we know not all those who recognize you have to rec you have to you have to hear the messenger to see Christ the word, right? But if you don't if you can also hear the messenger and not see Christ if you're not paying attention to what he says and if you don't have a revelation of what he's saying, you can actually believe that God sent a prophet and still miss Christ and your heart is not turned back by the voice of Elijah. See, the heart is not turned by signs and wonders. The heart is not even turned by the fruits of the spirit. Right? That that's not what the heart is turned by. But the heart is turned Oh my by the voice of Elijah. Amen. That's what the heart is turned by. It's the word. It's the word of our day. That's right. Oh my. And and so the heart, when we talk about having our hearts turned back, let's talk about that for just a moment. The heart is the control tower of the body. It it's the seat of willpower. Right? That's where your your your will is. And it's the seat of willpower. If you tell somebody say, "My heart isn't in this." I was uh He's laughing. Trip's laughing because he got me the other day cuz I was uh you know kind of looking at this trip we've got coming. I take my wife every year usually to go fishing. We go find a cabin and we That's our idea of fun anymore. we're getting old and and we find a little cabin and it's got a little lake and we fish and we don't spend a lot of money. We just eat there and fish and we fish and and if it rains then we're in trouble. We got nothing to do but it's going to rain. So I but I I was telling them, you know, just because, you know, I feel bad every time I'm gone and and I got a little bit of a complex about that. You pray for me. I just feel like people and I'm glad you want me to be here. I I'm so happy about that, but I just, you know, I feel bad because I'm not here with you all the all the time and yet I'm here I know more than most, but but I just I want to be with you. That's my desire to be with you. And so I told in front of my wife, I I told Trip, I think I said, "Well, you know, my heart's not even in it. This is our anniversary trip. If my heart's not in it, we got problems." What I meant was my heart's not even in fishing. I got a boat that I've had for months and I haven't gotten it out and brother Justin Pie was supposed to come up this weekend. We were going to take it out and I ended up we had the memorial service for my aunt which I'm glad that I went and and took my mother over there. But it's just, you know, sometimes you just got things to do and and but but when your heart's not in it, it means you you don't have the that desire, right? that willpower to do it. And many people could say that about their marriage. Your heart's just not in it anymore. Yeah. That's a problem. It takes more than head. It takes more than lying. You know, you'll you'll sign Brother Allen's going to sign a piece of paper that says that y'all are married. But it takes more than that. Yeah. To have a life, right? Your heart's got to be in it. Yes. If you're going to stay married, your heart's got to be in it. And it's got to stay in it, right? See, you might go through the motions, but you want to be somewhere else. Oh, come on, church. There's a lot of people that come to church, but their heart's not in it. Because you'd rather be somewhere else, and you'd rather be doing something else, but if you ever get something on fire in your heart for God, and you just love him with all your heart when you come to the house of God, even though you might have gone had a hard week and you might have had a struggle through the week, but there's something inside of you that says, "I'm so glad I come to the house of God today." As David said, isn't it good that we got invited to the house of God? Isn't it good to be in the presence of God today? I think all of us could say it if our heart is in it. But sometimes our heart gets fat. That's what the Bible says. Your heart, the Bible speaks of a heart becoming fat. And in Psalms 119:70, it's almost comical, but it says their heart is as fat as grease. Their heart is as fat. Now, he's not putting down overweight people. That's not what he's saying. Their heart is as fat as grease means that their their their hearing has become dulled to the word. Their their willingness to obey the the the message in the word, the light that they have is just not in their heart's not in it anymore. Their hearts become fat. He said, "But I delight in thy law." Again in Isaiah 6:10, Isaiah prophesied of what would happen in Jesus' time. And he said, "Make the heart of this people fat and make their ears heavy. Shut their eyes lest they see with their eyes and hear with their ears and understand with their heart and convert and be healed." Jesus found that condition among the Pharisees and the Sadducees. He said, "And in them is fulfilled." The prophecy of Isaiah, which saith, by hearing you shall hear and shall not understand, and seeing you shall see and shall not perceive. for this people's heart is wax gross, which means fat. Right? And what that means is it just it it's reached a point where it don't pump right anymore. It it don't work right anymore. It don't circulate. It don't circulate love through the body anymore and peace and joy and those things. But I'm here to tell you, we've got a diet that can Come on, church. We got a spiritual diet that will cause our heart to come back into the condition it ought to be in. Amen. This people's heart is waxed gross and their ears are dull of hearing. Their eyes they have closed lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears understand with their heart should be converted and I should heal them. See if our heart is not turned will be led astray. The heart the Bible says is deceitful above all things and desperately wicked. Who can know it? That's why we don't rule our lives by how we feel. All right. Yes. Right. We don't run our marriages by how we feel. We don't run our churches by how we feel. I don't always preach by how I feel. You don't always listen by how you feel. Why is it you you you do what you do? Because you know it's the right thing to do and because there's something in your heart that compels you to do it. It's not because of the feeling of the flesh. Because the when the heart gets fatty, when it gets fleshly, right? When it gets carnal, we could say it that way. when it gets overweighed with worldly things. He said in the New Testament, Jesus said, "Be careful that your hearts don't become overcharged with surfing." In other words, that that idea, the idea is that someone just ate too much or drank too much and is unable to move. They get sluggish. I don't want to ever get sluggish about the things of God. But when I hear the word, I want to be able to respond quickly to the word because it might be the word that heals me. It might be the word that saves me. And so, I want to be able to respond to that. Yes. Yeah, good. This is the food. Oh my. Brother Brandham taught us that the opening of the word was for the purpose of turning our hearts back. And he said, "These divinely revealed mystery truths will literally turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers." This is the food that keeps our hearts on fire for God. It's true. I remember some time ago, I don't know, Sister Fritz, I'm sure she remembers because she remembers more than I do, but Sister Fritz, one time, I remember the doctor put you on a was it a low sodium diet and took the salt off your food and she'd had some heart trouble and the doctor took the took the salt off your her food and I know that would just kill Chip and Stephanie if the salt got taken off, but I know some of the rest of y'all you like your salt and she uh my goodness, she sister Fritz likes her food seasoned and she was not happy about her about her diet, right? Taking it off. And I I think she's done pretty good actually to reach the age she is. I'd say the doctors ought to leave her alone, you know, and let her do her thing. But I thought that about Sister Brown. Sister May Brown was almost 100 years old and they she said my doctor kept telling me not to drink Dr. Pepper, but she drank a Dr. Pepper every day. If you ask her where she wanted to go eat, she wanted to go eat pizza. And and and she ate just about the worst food she could, but you know, she lived to be a hundred years old. So what what can you say? But you know, when it comes to our hearts, God knows what's best for our will, for our for our humanity, for what we oh my for for our souls. He knows what's best for us. And so, uh, the great physician, if you could think about it like this, you know, if you went to the doctor and he gave you a medicine who said, "It's essential that you take this to live. This is going to make you feel better. This, listen, I took some pills. I I'm taking some pills now. I don't even know the name of the pills. But I took them cuz somebody gave them to me. He said it'll help you lose weight. I shouldn't even admit that, should I? But it's just But it but it's but hey, it's kind of working. You know, I don't have the appetite. I did. So, I thought, well, you know, it may be all in my mind. I don't know. But I'm taking them. But but somebody gave them to me said it'll help me. So, I took it. And and if a doctor gave you medicine, said it'll help you. You know, they gave me blood pressure medicine and I've been doing everything I can to get off of the blood pressure medicine because uh you know, I just got too many pills to take and every morning I would not be able to survive without my wife. I know that because I don't know where the pills are. And some of y'all are in that same condition. Every morning there's a glass of water and a little thing full, it's mostly vitamins, but a little thing full of of vitamins and and I take those. And are you surprised to find out I'm human? I guess maybe some of you are, but But every morning I do that because I want to be healthy, you know, and I take those and I'm just I'm just uh but the doctor gave me that blood pressure pill and and and uh you know it hurts more than it helps. I think makes you feel terrible. And but the doctor gave it to me so I take it cuz they told me I didn't want to have a stroke. And I said I agree. I don't want to have a stroke but but so I take it. Listen to me church. If if God told you, Yeah. If he told you, "Behold," he said, "I'm going to send you a prophet." Yes. He's going to turn your heart back. He's going to put you on a spiritual diet. Yeah. That's going to make you where you can serve God like you ought to. It's going to make you eligible for a rapture. Going to make you ready to go. Going to make you in a place where where you can uh you can feel the presence of God and you can live a good life in the world that you're living in. You can live according to the word. You can be pleasing to God. Yes. And he told you that if you take it, would you take it? Would you take it? I trust that many of us have and do that we would we would get on this diet that he put us on. Say, "Lord, what would you have for me today? What would you have to feed me today?" Because the message of the hour is the great physician's diet to turn our hearts back. Amen. Listen, to eat the word, to become the word. It's much more than to hear it, but it's to make it part of you. And so we don't deliberately refuse any part of this diet. We come to church and we hear the word of God and we check it. You should always check what you hear by the word. But when you hear the word preached and you check it and you find out it's true, believe that word. You don't have to believe everything I say, but take the word. If it's the word, believe the word. Yes, sir. And when you believe the word, when you take the word, take it back to the word and you believe the word, what is it? Then you have a responsibility to the word to to live the word. And you say, "Well, Brother Ben, I can't do it." Well, there have been lots of people had struggles in the Bible. Lots of people today had struggles. Even a prophet had struggles. He was a human being. But we're living in a time when you can be an overcomer. Yeah, you're going to struggle sometimes because you still live in a body of flesh. But just keep eating. Keep on working. Keep on doing what you're doing. And in the end, it's going to be okay. You say, "Well, I struggle with depression." Well, it's a good thing you haven't given into it yet. Why don't you keep keep fighting that thing until one day you're free from it? Come on, church. Why don't you keep One day you're going to wake up and realize that things aren't the same as they always were. And one day you're going to wake up in a new place and you're going to say, "I don't even know what happened, but I don't feel that anymore." Why? You've been feeding on the right kind of a diet that was prophesied would turn your heart back. Keep on listening to those tapes. Keep on hearing the sermon. Keep on coming to the house of God. You say, "It's not making a difference." You didn't first day you went on a diet, you didn't feel much of a difference either, but over time it made a difference. Yes. Amen. Are you hearing me, church? Over time, if you just change your eating h I'm not talking natural now. You can eat however you want to naturally. I'm talking spiritually. Amen. If you change your eating habits, what you feed on. You'd be surprised how many of your problems begin to go away. Amen. Amen. So, does that mean I lose my friends? Well, your friends may not be the problem. The biggest problem we have is us. That's the biggest problem I got. Yeah. And when I feed on the word, when I'm diligent about the things of God, I find that I begin to reach a place that my heart is in the place where it ought to be. Oh my church, we need to wake up. Yes. Wake up. I can. But before people leave the church, before they I I'll say that differently. Before they backslide on God, You see it as a minister. It's hard to explain that, but but as a minister, you see that. You preach those people. You become over time, especially as a pastor, you preach the same people over and over. You can see their heart's not in it anymore. That's right. And people go through that. Everybody does. But if they don't fix it, it just keeps getting worse and worse and eventually it won't no desire at all. Yeah. And what I've always feared is not that sin would overtake me and I would be unable to break free from it because I believe in the power of the gospel. I believe in forgiveness. I believe in the love of God. I believe in election. But I've always been afraid that I'd reach a place of where I was so dull towards the things of God that I just wouldn't want to serve him anymore. That and I'm so thankful he always whenever you get dull, he has a way of waking you up. But one of his ways is by the word. Oh church, we need to wake up this morning. We need to wake up and realize we want our families. You say, "Well, I want my family to be in church, but I just my heart's not in it." Listen, if your heart's not in it, one of these days they're not going to be in church. If your heart's not in it, one of these days they're not going to be. You say, "I want them to I want them to be in the choir in the Sunday school. I want them If your heart's not in it, one of these days they're going to leave. They're going to find every excuse in the book to leave. But if your heart's in it, no matter what comes, no matter the the preacher behind the pulpit may change, the the the situations of life may change. You get may get wealthy, you may get you may get poor, you may get all kinds of things happen. You might gain a job, lose a job, but you will not leave the word. You will constantly keep yourself under the blessing of the word if your heart's in it. Very good. We need to make sure, and I'm speaking to Christians now, I'm speaking to myself and my family. Huh? We need to make sure we don't get so busy that these things just become common to us. I'm just preaching from my heart this morning. it gets to a place where the message is not the main thing anymore and it's my idea or my thing or something like that and we just focus on all our little squables and all our little ideas and all our little things and we're focused on all these things and I know things are important to people and I realize that people have things that happen. It's important to them but what about the message? What about the truth? What about the life? What about the things that God has sent us in our day? Does it still matter? Is there still a zeal in your heart for it? Amen. I can go to the ends of the earth trying to spread this message, but what good does it do if our hearts done in it? You young people always keep your heart in it. You'll make mistakes. News flash, young people are going to make mistakes. I'm not excusing them for it. I'm stating the fact they're going to mess up. And we can look down our noses at them and pick them apart if we want to. or we can give them a help in the hand and help them up. Correct them when they're wrong and pull them on up with us. Young people are going to make mistakes. People are going to do things that that that aren't right. And you're going to make mistakes in your life if you live very long. And I think all our elders could say amen to that. We're going to we're going to make mistakes. But you got to have your heart in it. If your heart's in it, you you'll get you'll overcome that mistake. You're going to make it. But your heart's got to be in it. It's got to be more than a head. Listen. And you can't walk around getting offended all the time at everything everybody says. Your heart's in it when your heart's in it. Listen, if your heart's not in the house of God, everything that happens will offend you. Everything will. As we preached long ago, when you're in the desert, when the desert got dry, they started murmuring, complaining. Re said, "Those leaves roll up and become stickers." Well, we don't want to do that. I I don't know that anybody's doing that. I'm not preaching at this. I'm preaching that myself. I don't want to get dry. I don't want vacation to become an excuse for backsliding. I don't want the world to become an excuse for backsliding. I don't want pressures of life to become an excuse. But Lord, I'm going to keep my heart on fire for you no matter what happens. Not to minimize what we go through because we go through very real trials, but if our heart's in it, if our heart's in the word, it'll be okay. That's right. I know. I'll say this about preachers because there's not very many preachers here this morning. So, just me and Joel and and uh Brother Stewart's going on vacation. But, you know, I'll say this about preachers. If your heart is in it, a young preacher may not be able to preach. I mean, that's just, you know, some people just can't put two words together. I was one of those people. I couldn't stand up here. I had when I first started preaching, I could study. The Lord God always gave me an appetite for study. I could study the word, but I stand up here and shake. I couldn't look at people directly. Now, it helps cuz my eyes have gotten kind of bad and I it's just kind of a blur. That's so helpful. You know, I can look right at you and not see if you're laughing or smiling. Praise God. Or frowning. those in the back. Anyway, I can see these up here. But you know, but you know, a young person, what what what dictates a young man's success in the ministry? And I mean success by his help to the people of God, how much you can help the people of God? It's his is his heart in it, right? Whether how do you know whether a deacon is going to be a good deacon? Deacons make mistakes when they're young. We don't have deacon school, right? You just wake up one day and somebody nominated you to be a deacon and then you accepted the position and and and and you're sitting there and and we don't they'll make mistakes, but is their heart in it? If their heart's in it, they'll be all right. If their heart's not in it, they won't be no matter how good they are at it or no matter how many natural gifts they have. But if the heart's not in it, because there's going to be moments in ministry where you feel like giving up. Yeah. every Monday, most Thursdays, you're going to feel like giving up and giving in. But you get to the point where if your heart's in it and you wake up on Sunday morning and you sit there say, "Oh, I just can't wait to get to the house of God and preach my 10,000 sermon to the people of God. But why do you keep doing it? Why do you keep studying? Why do what shuts my door and keeps me in here for hour after hour sometimes studying the word of God? What does that I'm not bragging on myself, but my heart's in it. Yeah. Pray God would keep my heart in it. If my heart ever not in it, I don't want to do it anymore. Let your heart be in it. I know some men aren't aren't fiery. Some men are softspoken, and that's fine. We should accept all kinds of ministry. You You don't have to be fiery. Same thing with people in the pews. You don't have to jump and shout and run, but if your heart's in it, something's going to happen. You're going to have some response to the per to the ministry of God. Yes. Yeah. If your heart's If your heart's in it, you can go through every every accusation, every critic, every I don't know why I've gotten off on this this morning, but if your heart's in it, you're going to go through those things. If your heart's not in it, you can't take it. Yes. Very good. Is your heart been turned back? Is your heart in the message? Is your heart in the word? Is your heart in the rapture and the coming of Christ? That's my question this morning for you and for me. Judas made a financial decision. He was a gifted man, a preacher, but his heart wasn't in it. Made a financial decision. I'll make some money and if he's God, he'll get out of it anyway. The message will be fine without me. Huh? If it's true, it's going to happen anyway. If I'm elected, I'm going to do it anyway. Judas made a financial decision. Don't make lifealtering decisions based solely on money. You regret it in the end. Look at look at our prophet in this day. What did he do? He come like John I know that's sobering but it's true. John the Baptist come and cried out repent. Repent. That's what a prophet come in our day doing. Look at Luke 3 chapter 3. And we're just introducing Elijah to you and the concept of Elijah this morning. So we'll get a little bit further maybe into it tonight. But in Luke 3 and:3, he came into all the country about Jordan. This is John the Baptist preaching the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins. As it is written in the book of the words of Isaiah the prophet, saying, "The voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare you the way of the Lord. Make his path straight. Every valley shall be filled and every mountain and hill should be brought low. The crooked shall be made straight and the rough way should be made smooth and all flesh shall see the salvation of God." And the Jews were all looking at that prophecy and saying, "Praise God, a great Billy Graham style ministry is coming and we're going to have everything's going to change and and there's going to be a great worldwide revival and the Romans are going to be kicked out and the mountains are going to be made low and we're not even going to have to walk in rough places anymore." Yeah. Right. But they didn't understand spiritual things. And so John the Baptist came and and and he said to the multitude that came forth to be baptized at him, "Oh generation of vipers, I want to warn you, if you get to feeding on the message, you'll find out our prophet spoke like that," right? Oh, generation of vipers. Oh my. Whoath warned you to flee from the wrath to come? They come to church that morning, he called them a bunch of snakes. Thank God he wasn't speaking to the elect. Right. Again, he said, "Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance. Begin not to say within yourselves, we have Abraham to our father. I say unto you, God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham." You know how offensive that was to them men who had such great pride in keeping their pedigree back to Abraham, their family tree. He said, "Now also the axe is laid to the root of the trees. every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is heuned down and cast into the fire. And the people ask him saying, "What shall we do then?" He answered and said to them, "Now look, they're saying, "What should we do? Open the word to us, John. We want to hear the opening of the word." And they sit down ready to write down the great mysteries that John is about to give them. Let's hear what John had to preach. He said, "He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath done." That's pretty simple stuff. He that hath meat, let him do likewise. Then came also publicans to be baptized. Said unto him, Master, what shall we do? He said unto them, exact no more than that which is appointed you. What is this basic living? Yeah, it's just life. But Elijah come to tell us about it. Why? Because he come to turn our hearts back. Oh my. The soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, "What shall we do?" He said unto them, "Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely, and be content with your wages." Oh, that's tough, isn't it? Because the soldiers were constantly, you realize that the soldiers run the empire, and they were constantly agitating for higher wages, constantly marching on Rome to get more better wages. And and and a prophet comes to him and says, "Be content with what you have. Godliness with contentment is great gain. If we could ever learn to live on what we make, Lord, how things would change. I'm preaching to myself, too. I'm preaching to my children who just get starting out in life, you know, and Peter's got a job and trying to work and things and you got to learn how to how to work. You got to learn a work ethic and things like that. And and and but but be content with your wages. Don't don't constantly do that. But don't constantly just look for more money, but learn how to make it with what you're making, right? H how does this prepare the way for the Lord? You say, "Well, that doesn't make a difference." It does. The hearts were being turned back. John was turning the hearts of the fathers to the children. Yeah. Right. The hearts of the Jewish fathers to the children. And this hour a prophet came with the same kind of message to turn the hearts of the children that's us to the fathers to the Pentecostal fathers. See and when he come he spoke with authority. When Jesus come it said he spoke with authority not like the scribes but in first kings 17:1 it said as the Lord God of Israel liveth before whom I stand there shall not be due nor rain these years listen but according to my word. Elijah didn't say, "The Lord told me." He didn't say, "Thus sayaith the Lord." But he said, "As the Lord liveth," there won't be due. Well, you talk about a man who was sure where he stood. Oh, that we could be that sure about what we believe. There shall not be due nor rain, but according to my word. Can you imagine? Brother Brandon illustrated it many times. Bald-headed. I'm happy the prophets were bald-headed. Praise God. bald-headed, white whiskered. We actually know some of the prophets were young, so this probably only fits a few of them. But we know we know Moses was old and Elijah was bald-headed and white whiskered because brother Brandon said he walks down. He just appears in in Ahab's palace. He Can you imagine what this must have been like? Ahab sitting there, things are going good. The economy is good. Everything's everything. Boy, he's he's up there making deals, you know, wheeling and dealing and and making things happen. And and he married Jezebel, the most beautiful woman in the country. And he thought everything was going just right. And he had everything at his feet. And the economy was good. Was one of the greatest, Do you realize one of the greatest economies ever in Israel? One of the easiest times to be an Israelite was during Ahab's reign before the famine. But after the famine, one of the worst times to ever be an Israelite. But he come up there. Elijah walks in the palace and Ahab looks up here and here's this man, rough looking man, dirty from walking, dust all over him. He walks up there and he points his finger in the face of Ahab. And he said, he said, "Now listen." He said, "There won't even be due fall till I call for it." Yeah. And Ahab said, 'What in the world are you doing? Number one, who are you? Well, welcome to Eli, the ministry of Elijah. Brother Brandham said, God give us men like that. Men who know what they're doing with thus sayeth the Lord. Listen, if you got the word of the Lord, you can speak it as if it was God himself speaking. Right? You said, now we find out that before he did that, listen, church, that's more powerful than you know that it is. If if you got the word of the Lord, thus sayeth the Lord God, I'm the God that heals all your thy diseases, you can take that word and speak it. If you really believe it, you can speak it over your household as if it was God speaking it. Yeah. Why? It's the word of the Lord. Now listen, listen. He He said that know what they're doing. We find out before he did this that God had called him. God had talked to him. Therefore, he wasn't afraid of anything. He wasn't afraid of his message. It wouldn't happen. He knew it would happen. He knew it was according to the word of the Lord. And he knew he was God's prophet for the hour. Therefore, when the king would whether the king would cut his head off, throw him in jail, whatever they do, it made no difference to him. He had a commission. Thus sayeth the Lord, right in the face of the king. He said Elijah spoke as if he was God himself. The de will not fall from heaven until I call for it. He said the prophet had been so long in the presence of God. The prophets of the Old Testament or any time when they live in the presence of God until they become the word, their message is the word. itself. He said, and remember he said, "Thus sayith the Lord." When those men had those messages from God, they become so wrapped up that their own thinking, listen, he said it might have been against their thinking. They might not have been able to see it right, but they were speaking the word of God. Thus sayeth the Lord, there will not be any rain till I call for it. Oh, what a statement. He said he'd been in the presence of God and been vindicated so perfect. He referenced Amos 3:7. I'm going to skip through some of this, sister Joanna. And I apologize. I'm running out of time. But he said they laughed at him and they thought he was crazy, that fanatic. But see, he had thus sayeth the Lord that it wasn't going to rain. And God before he did that, he revealed it to Elijah his servant. And he was a vindicated, proven prophet. So the people ought to have repented. But understood that, they laughed at him and said, "Oh, we got plenty of rain. The reservoirs are full. The rivers are running good." Bible said there wasn't even due for three years and six months. You imagine how dry it got. The brooks and the waters dried up. Oh my. Brother said that wasn't that man. That was God speaking through that man. That was the eye. It was Yes. Do you follow that? That was the eye. So when he said there won't be due fall till I call for it. That wasn't Elijah speaking. It was God speaking. Yeah. Right. See when a man comes sent from God ordained of God with thus sayith the Lord the messenger and messenger are one and the same. I don't want us to get hung up on this because I know people have preached this and said, "Well, that basically makes Brother Brandham God." But I want you to think about this. If you preach the word of God, speak the word of God, live the word of God, you and your message are the same. That's right. That's what a prophet taught us. It has to be. You You don't want a separation between the message and the messenger. Yeah. Right. If there is, it makes the message wrong 100% of the time. If if you don't live it, you can't preach it. That's right. Your preaching will be tainted by your life. It's absolutely the truth. Look, he's sent to represent thus sayith the Lord word by word. So he and his message is the same. A denominational man under denominational opaces, he and the church is the one. A theologian under theology made by some denomination. He and his message are one. Then when a man comes with thus sayith the Lord, he and the message is one. And when Elijah came with thus sayith the Lord, he and his message become one. So, how could you say, "Well, the message teaches this, but I believe this." Why? Because when I when it's right, me and the message are one. Well, the message says I can be healed. The Bible says I can be healed. That's what the message is. The light on the Bible. The Bible says I can be healed. But, but I don't really believe it. Then you're not one with your message. But when you become one with your message, you can walk up and say, "I know I'm already healed by the stripes that were paid on Calvary. The blood that was shed on Calvary. I know that I'm saved. I know I've been filled with the Holy Ghost. You can come and claim those things because you have a message to back it up. I know I'm going in a rapture. I know I'm going to make it. Why? Me and my message have become one. Yes. Very good. Just as Jesus when he come, he was the word. St. John 1. So, the word of God and the messenger of the age was the cell. Same thing all the time. He said, "Now, do you see where I'm trying to get to? I spoke with you pretty plain this morning. That was when he spoke uh when he spoke anointed or uh trying to do God a service without it being his will. He said, "Don't you see the authority of the living God and the living church, the bride, the sick are healed, the dead are raised up, the cripples walk, the blind see, the gospel goes forth in its power? For the message and the message are the same. The word is in the church in the person." If you want to see things happen, if you want to see miracles in your life, if you want to see God really move, how many want to see that? How many need God to move for you? If you need God to move in your situation, you and your message need to become one. Yes. You need to become one with the message. Say, "Lord, I surrender to it. If I find out about something I'm doing that's not right, I'm going to walk in the light of the message. I'm going to walk in it." Why? Because me and my message are one. If I want to be one with healing, if I want to be one with salvation, with the rapture, I got to be one with the rest of it as well. Identified with it. Amen. He said the word is in the church in the person. Hallelujah. The word of God was in Elijah when he walked up there with us. Say the Lord and said it isn't going to rain. That wasn't Elijah. That was God in Elijah. Now, I'm going to address something and we'll close because I don't have very much longer. But Elias, the Bible teaches Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are. And he prayed earnestly that it may not rain. So now can you imagine all all Ahab knows he walks up there and says it's not going to rain but the Bible said he prayed earnestly right so it's not an arrogance but Elijah prayed and it rained not on the earth but the space of three years and six months he sought the word of the Lord and the word of the Lord came to him but he was a man he was a man with failures faults mistakes now I want to ask you and we've defined the message before the absolute the absolute is what God said, "Yeah, right. The message is what God says." Yeah. It's the light on the word for this hour. The message is absolute because it's all true. Yeah. Right. But how much you you could say it like this now when we talk about the message sometimes we talk about 1100 and something many there are now books and tapes, right? Or tapes anyway that we have recorded sermons. Brother Brandon, we don't have tapes anymore, do we? Recorded sermons. So what you say that's the message and and it is right that's that's the message is what brother had to say but there's a message within the message right there's something God is trying to get across to you through the message but now look what parts of this message are on the spiritual diet you realize some things you eat don't stay in your body but it still benefits you some does and some doesn't but you eat it You eat it all. I hope you're hearing me this morning. God sent it so we could eat it all. How much are on the spiritual diet? All of it. Yeah. All of it. That's why we don't limit it. What's that say? After 63, after this. We know there was a preparation time. We know brother Random made mistakes. We know he said, "But God corrected those things." Right. So, how much is on the spiritual diet? All of it. Yes. Yes. See, because he was a man with failures, faults, mistakes, just like I am. You know, you're going to get really disappointed if you elevate me to God. And some of y'all have come and I I appreciate your respect. You show me great respect and honor and you tell me uh you know how much I mean to you and I appreciate that. But don't make me God. And I mean that. I know you would never fall down and worship me, but don't don't think that I can't fail or that I couldn't be wrong. That scares me because you'll put your confidence in a man and that that man will be wrong and you'll leave. That man will offend you or something will happen and you'll leave. I don't mean leave the church. I mean leave altogether. Quit on God. Backside. Don't do that. Listen, you you you remember that men are men. God's God. But sometimes God speaks. Yeah. And when I speak the message of the hour, that's God speaking, right? But same as if you spoke it. Not everything brother Brandham ever said was thus sayeth the Lord. But the message was from the throne of God. There's an illustration here I want to get to before we close of of Martin Luther King. You know, Brother Brandham talks in a sermon. I don't have time to go back and read all of it, but it he talks about how uh he said a million he said it'll bring a million of them to their death cuz he saw something that was happening. The riots and things were going on. He said and it's it's something wrong there. It'll bring a million of them to their death. And and you can go back and read that. And and and then in the next service that afternoon, uh it was Sister Humes at the tabernacle and brother Humes, they ran they were missionaries there in the tabernacle. ran into brother Brandham in a grocery store and that afternoon they when they ran into brother Brandham uh they said did you prophesy people were saying you prophesied a million souls would die because of Martin Luther King he said oh no they misunderstood he said thank you for bringing that to my attention I'll correct it tonight so that night he gets up and he does that and he said it's but he he begins to do it but listen to what he says he's talking about Martin Luther King and the and the and the movement there and and and not that racial we believe in equality of race, right? If you got a problem against a person because he's black or because he's white or whatever he is, that's that's your problem. You don't find that in the word of God. There ain't going to be separation in heaven. That's right. There's no racism and there's no shouldn't be here either, right? There's more there's more there's more people, black people and and and Asian people and all kinds of people in this message than there are Americans. Way more. far more. So I we don't even want to get that started, right? So we're not a bunch of racists. But brother Brandon was talking about something he sees a spirit in that communist movement, right? That's inspiring something that's wrong. Yeah. He said it's inspired of the wrong thing. You see them people, he said, and that's the reason I say that. He said, not that there's any prophecy concerning it. I have nothing on it from the Lord. Right? He said, "Be sure now if you say anything from the Lord like that to tell you, it's always I'm speaking now. But when he speaks, I say it's not me. It's thus sayith the Lord." He said, "I can't say it until he tells me." So he what they thought, "Well, a million people have to die because brother Brandham said it." But they missed the point of it, right? The message is still true. Listen, the the the idea that there was a problem with what was going on was true, but not everything Brother Brandham said was a prophecy of the future. But what he was saying was still true. It's still part of the message. Are you with me now? He said, "I can't." He said, "I can't say it till he tells me. I could be altogether wrong in my thought about Martin Luther King. I don't know. I can't say that. That's just my opinion. Anything that raises up trouble, he said, that's what's supposed to be in the last days. And it's all inspired of Satan to break up our commonwealth, whatever we have. Anything that raises up like that." So, I'm for those people down there. He said, "Don't you never think I'm not." But he saw something in it. We've seen the fruits of that in the modern liberal movement. Right. Right? We've seen the fruits of that, what it would come to. And brother Brandon was looking at it. But you see, brother Brandon when he saw current events wasn't like me looking at current events. Are you hearing me now? I told you, brother Brandon was looking at current events when he prophes when he made that statement about about the the the uh pope that was coming from the US. Brother Brandon was looking at current events at that time. The pope was dying. Yeah. Right. But as a prophet looking at current events, that's different than me looking at current events. Right? I can look at current events, say, "This might be that pope. This just looks like it is." But I'm not a prophet. Yeah. Are you with me now? But when a prophet looks at current events, he sees something in it. Yeah. He may not know exactly even what he's saying, but there's something about it. Why? He was a prophet and it was his opinion, but it mattered. Yeah. Right. A prophet's opinion. Because I know we get this and the devil work on your mind and pretty soon you're just whatever you don't like, you're going to say, "Well, that was just Brother Brandon's opinion." You realize the worldly church is doing that to Paul right now. Right. Yeah. It's true. Right. That's what they're doing to Paul. They're saying, "Well, Jesus said, you know, this and they'll tell you Jesus didn't say anything about homosexuality." Where do we get Romans 1, Paul? So, they'll say, "Well, we'll just take Jesus opinion. We know Jesus was right. That was just Paul's opinion. One place in scripture Paul said it even he even said it's I not the Lord. But Paul was a prophet. Are you with me now? And so we believe what we believe because we believe the word was written by prophets. Amen. If God could keep Paul's word, listen, if he could keep uh the word of the prophets of the Old Testament, holy men of God were inspired, if he could keep their word, he can keep this prophet's word. I don't have to correct it. He can do that. He can do that. He'll make it come to pass. Yeah. Good. A prophet's opinion matters. I had a boss who was the an attorney. He's now a judge, a Harvey Allen here and there. He he was a good man. He was good to me as far as being a I'm not giving him a recommendation as a judge, but he was he was good to me. He was my one of my first employers. And I I really liked Harvey, but I didn't always agree with him. He had an opinion. But it matters when he's a judge. Because the day he put on them robes, right? It matters what you are, what opinion you have. Come on, church. What position you're in, not the man, but the position he's in. Because now he can make an opinion about somebody and say, "This is right." But there's another court. That's good. Higher than him. Right? And there's another court beyond that, an appellet court. And there's another court beyond that, the state supreme court. And there's another court beyond that, the US Supreme Court. But once it reaches the US Supreme Court, there's no more. Right. Do you realize what a messenger to the age is? His message is the Supreme Court. Right. Yeah. Right. For that for the age you're living in. Yeah. So we may disagree with it. We may not understand it, but it's an opinion formed by a prophet. Yeah. Are you with me now? That's why we're so careful with it. And I don't mean and again people can misunderstand things. I you know we we bound heavy burdens to people because we just added stuff to the message, right? We just we just put our own opinions on it and we become so legalistic. That's not what we want. But a message is just what it is. Lord, help me to live it. I'm not going to I'm not going to throw it off on you and condemn you. I'm not going to get on Facebook and look at everything you do. God, far be it for me to have that kind of critical spirit. Let me stay in a place where I can just preach the word of God and say this is what a messenger said. This is what the Supreme Court said. Yeah. Somebody had to be the Supreme Court. Yeah. Huh? Are you with me now? You say, "Well, that that's not true. You don't understand what a prophet is or what a word prophet is. Just a prophet who preaches in the sanctuary." But but what do you do when you see something a message and opinion? Search the scripture. see if it's right. Good. See, because the Bereans were more noble than the Thessalonians in that they received the word with all readiness of mind and search the scriptures daily whether those things were. So, they didn't just take Paul's word for it. What did they do? They searched the scripture because a word prophet, it'll be in the scripture. You'll find something in the scripture about it. Are you with me now? The scripture will support it. Brother Brandham will will say it, but you got to find it the the background of it in the scripture. That's why we never leave the scripture when we preach doctrine. If I don't have a scripture, if I don't have something to back it up, I don't preach it. Yeah. Right. Because a word prophet comes from the scripture. And there must be something I don't understand. But I've never found anything a prophet taught. Right. And I know brother brother would say this and say that, but I've never seen anything a prophet taught that wasn't in the scripture. Are you with me now? Because he was a word prophet. Right? If I found something that wasn't in the scripture, I wouldn't be a I wouldn't be in the message. Right. Cuz I believe in the scripture that much. Yes. Amen. But it's it's the law is the ultimate law. The land is the law itself. Right. Right. But the Supreme Court's the opinion of that. Yes. Amen. Come on, church. That's where we're living. I thank God he clarified some things. I thank God he shed some light on it. He said he promised he would do it. He said at the evening time it shall be light. Yes. That's what we're living in. Brother said, "Sometimes these little crude expressions brings us to something. It gets us to study and puts you to reading the word." And that's what I want all my congregation to do. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. So read the word, study it, study it with the eyes of God to give your intellectuals understanding of how we should live in this present day. Brother Brown talked about how we got to face up to it. He talked about uh about about marriage and divorce and he's about to preach that and in a man running from the presence of the Lord. He's about to preach that and he says this. He said he said you've either got to face up to it or get away from it. You just can't stay neutral. You got to do something about it. Some move has got to be made. You can't come in that church door and go out the same person you come in. Now come on. That's a challenge to us this morning. You can't come in and go out the same. The way you accept the word and take the word will dictate I'm going to go out better or worse. I'm gonna go out with a better attitude or a worse attitude. Help me, Lord, to come out with a better attitude. Help me to come out with with more of you and less of the world. Oh, God. That's my desire today. Let me be more pleasing to you when I leave these walls. He said, "I want you to notice something when it's confronted. If there's a question about it, if question about there's got to be an answer." And he said, use the illustration if if you give me a direction. He said, "You can tell me go west." He said, "But there's a west somewhere, right? That's actually west. You could ask me say which way's west and I could say this way. But I think that's north, right? But but but I'm not see I might be turned around but there is a west. How do you find west? Right. God's compass. Are you with me now? He said when those questions confront us about the Bible truth, there's got to be the right answer somewhere. That's right. It's got to be there. And when we see something presented, I think instead of just run away and say, "Oh, nonsense. I couldn't believe a thing like that. I couldn't believe that." Why don't you take the Bible and sit down and face up to it. Don't just sit there and avoid it. Face up to it. Say, "Is this right or is it isn't it right?" Very good. Study it. You're here in the meeting now. He said, "Just look it over. Check it out yourself with the word." Check with the word by the word. He said, "That's the only way." Someone say, "The only way." The only way to make it tell the truth. And it must tell the truth from Genesis to Revelation. Don't just reject it, study it. Amen. Again, he said, "Those who are writing the scriptures down in the first seal," he's praying. He said, "May they study them." Those who are making tapes are hearing the tapes. May they study it. Not put their own interpretation to it now, but just study the word. Hallelujah. Elijah, musicians, go ahead and come. I got to stop. I don't do this very often, but I I'm way behind. So, we'll just close. See, I don't have a message. I keep a message alive. God tells Elijah to go to Ahab. So, he goes to Ahab and he says, "Now, I want you to go to the brook Cherith." He said, "I want you to sit by it and you're going to get fed by ravens. [Music] fed by ravens. Brother Brandon said that was his servants and they brought him sandwiches every day. Praise God. Every day they brought sandwiches, meat and bread. The ravens did. And brother Brandham said, "Thank God for those ravens." He said, "That was God's servants." He said, "They kept the voice of Elijah alive. when he wasn't with the people. Oh God, that's how I see my ministry. Just to keep the voice of Elijah alive in our generation. Let me be one who can feed him. But you know what keeps ravens like crows? You know what keeps them away? [Music] Scarecrows. And when we I think all of us, not just the preachers, we ought to be keeping this message alive. Our hearts have to be in it. But what keeps us back is scarecrows. And scarecrows raise up and say, "Well, people will think you're a cult, and people think I'm funny if I dress that way." Just a scarecrow. But brother Brandon talked about a hedgehog that was out eating butter beans. And he said he was out there in the garden, and when he come out in the garden, he said, "Brother Brandon said, I got so tired of meeting the butter beans." He said, "I made a a scarecrow." He said, "It looked so spooky. I thought it was pretty good." He said, "I hung it up there and it was jangling and everything else." He said, "But the little hedgehog looked up at it." He said, and it moved and he kind of looked. He said, but after a while, he realized it wasn't real. Some of us this morning need to realize just the devil trying to trouble your mind. It's just the devil trying to take you out of the message of the hour, make you not believe the word. You need to you need to raise up against that thing. And I don't care about the scarecrow. He said, you know what he did? He didn't pay no more attention. He just went down the road eating butter beans. That's what we need to do. Spiritual food in due season. Let's just keep on keeping the message alive. Keep on keeping the message alive. Don't let the scarecrows keep the ravens away from the me from keeping the voice of Elijah alive. There's been lots of nonsense, but it's just scarecrows. Let's keep the message alive cuz there is a heaven and there is a literal Jesus Christ who will come in a body form to catch away his bride. That's what believers believe. And that message is true. It was true yesterday. It'll be true tomorrow. It'll be true in these kids' generation. It'll be true if we here another hundred years or if we go tomorrow. It'll still be the truth. Why? God spoke it. He vindicated it. Let's keep that alive for our children, for our grandchildren. If God dares, God bless you this morning. Brother Joel. Hallelujah. Let's just pray first and brother Joel's going to sing. Heavenly Father, Lord, I don't usually cut a message off like this, but I just my heart. Lord, I believe you spoke some things this morning. I pray you'd help us, Lord. We not be afraid. Say, well, he was a man. and he made mistakes, but let's not be afraid to keep the voice of Elijah alive. Pray you'd grant that, Lord. Lord, may we be one. May I be one, Lord, who brings that bread and food to a prophet, Lord. And after that, Elijah went down into a city he was told to go to. And there was a gentile woman that sustained him all the days of the famine. Lord, I pray we would be that bride, that gentile bride that keeps this message alive. No matter what the world does, what the worldly church does, Lord, let's keep that alive until the time of the end. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. If there's one here that's never met you, I pray you'd help them to meet you. The message is about Christ. It's about a personal relationship with Christ. We don't have a personal relationship with a prophet, but we do have a personal relationship with Christ. I pray God, you'd help them to know you, the power of your resurrection. or if they haven't been baptized in Christian baptism, may they be quick to do that, Lord, and be willing to surrender themselves to the word, not to me, but to the word of God. May we all ever be corrected by your word, Lord. May we be better when we go out. We don't want to be worse. We know we got to go out one way or the other. May we be better when we leave. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. If you want prayer, we'll be glad to pray with you this morning. Amen. Let's sing together in the light. Let's stand. Oh, such a beautiful life. God bless you today. Oh, come. Oh, thank you, Lord. Drops of mercy are bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? Jesus the light of the world. Oh, we'll walk in the light. It's such a beautiful light and it comes where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? [Music] Jesus the light of the praise of me and all the things to me. And all ye saints of light proclaim, oh Jesus, the light of the world. Oh life and mercy in his name is Jesus the light of the world. Oh we'll walk in the light. It's such a beautiful light and it comes where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? Jesus the light of the world. Oh, we will walk in in the light. It's such a beautiful life. And it comes with the two drops of mercy on. Oh, you shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus, the light of the world and falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. And falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. Oh yes. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms, I'm never disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. Oh, there's no place I'd rather be. One more [Music] time. We're falling in love with Jesus. Yes, we are falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever Oh, sing it one more time. In his arms. [Music] Oh, in his arms I feel protected. In his arms, I'm never [Music] disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be. Aren't you thankful for the word of the Lord this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." And give him a big hand clap of praise. Amen. My God is real. The key of G. Amen. Did you enjoy service this morning? Amen. Let's come back at 3:00 and expect more from the Lord. Amen. If you can, God bless you. Amen. We're going to sing this and you're free to go. Well, there are some things I may not know. There are some place I just can't [Music] go. But I am sure. Oh, of this one thing that God is real. For I can't feel him deep within. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me [Music] whole. His love for me is like your gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Some folks may doubt. Some folks may scorn or they can all go on and leave me alone. But as for me, oh, I'll take God's [Music] part and God is real. For I can't feel. I'll sing it with all your hearts now. Well, my God is real. He's real in my Yes, he's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed. Oh, has he made you whole this morning? Oh, his love for me. His life. Yes, it's like pure gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul, but I cannot tell just how you fell when Jesus took your sins all away. Aren't you glad he did it? But ever since that day, ever since that hour, my God has been real. For I can feel his holy power. Oh my God is real. He's real in my [Music] soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. Oh, his love for me is like pure [Music] gold. My God is real or I can't feel. Oh, clap your hands and sing it one more time. Oh, my God is real. He's real in my soul. Yes, He is. My God is real. For he has washed and he made me whole. His love for me. His life oh like pure gold. My God is real for I can't feel. Amen. Sing it as you go now. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. [Music] My God is real. For he has washed. Oh, he made me whole. His love for me. His life just like pure gold. My God is real. Where I can feel him in my soul. I cannot tell just how you felt. [Music] when Jesus took your sins all away. But ever since that day, oh, ever since that hour, my God has been real. For I can feel his holy power. Oh, my God is real.
