################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - Bro Malachi Gott "Receiving the Promise in Spite of the Accusation" Sunday Evening 5-4-25 - Malachi Gott - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-05
Title:   Bro Malachi Gott "Receiving the Promise in Spite of the Accusation" Sunday Evening 5-4-25
Speaker: Malachi Gott
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwTXN8xEHmI
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I feel you. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] All the saints of God are gathered. Oh well, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better. Amen. First verse. Oh, we are often tossed and driven on the restless sea of time. Somber skies and howling tempest officer bright sunshine. In that land of perfect day, when the midst have rolled away, we will understand it better by and by. Oh now by and by when the morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home now we will tell our story just how we overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. We are often destitute of the things that life demands. One of food and one of shelter. Thirsty hills and barren land. But we're trusting in the Lord. And according to his word, we will understand it better by and by. Sing it now. [Music] Tell the story just how we overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, trials dark on every hand. And we cannot understand all the ways that God would lead us to that blessed promised land. But he guides us with his eye and we'll follow till we die. We'll understand it better by and by. Oh, now by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, now we will tell our story just how we overcome. And we'll understand it better by and by. Temptations, hidden snares often take us unaware. And our hearts are made to bleed. For many a thoughtless word or deed, and we wonder why the test when we try to do our best, but we'll understand it better by and by. Oh now by and by when the morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home we will tell our story how we overcome and we'll understand it. Amen. Course one more time. Oh, now by and by, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, well, we will tell our story. Well, we'll understand it better by and by. Amen. Give you my hand of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. Let's try hold God. Holding God's unchanging hand. Amen. Well, time is filled with swift transition and not of earth unmoved can stand. Oh, just build your hopes on things eternal and just hold. Amen. Unchanging hand. Oh, we're singing now holding to God's unchanging [Music] hand. Oh, now hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, just build your hopes on things eternal and then hold. Amen. Amen. That's what we want to do this evening. Amen. Oh, we got to trust in him who will not leave [Music] you. Oh, [Music] whatsoever years may bring. [Music] Now if my earthly friends forsake, we got to steal more closely to him cling. Oh, singing now. Holding to God's unchanging hand. Oh, Justin, holding to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh, now build your hopes on things [Music] eternal and just hold to God's unchanging [Music] hand. Oh, now cover it not this world's vain riches. [Music] for that so rapidly decay. You got to seek to gain those heavenly treasure. You know they will never pass away. Oh singing now hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, now build your hopes on things eternal and then hold. Amen. I like this last verse here now. Singing when your journey. Oh, now when your journey is completed, now if to God you have been true. Oh fair and bright your homing gloryy. You know you're in raptured. So shall you. Amen. Play it for us [Music] tonight. Amen. Sing it now one more time. Oh, sing it now. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Well, now hold to God's unchanging hand. Just build your hopes on things eternal and then hold to God's unchanging hand. Give him a hand of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's try a good old gospel ship if we can. Amen. Let's try that. Good old gospel ship. Well, I have good news to bring. And that is why I sing. All my joys with you I'll share. Well, I'm going to take a trip in that good old gospel ship and go sailing through the air. Now I'm going to take a trip in a good old gospel ship and I'm going far beyond the sky. Well, now I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring while I'm beating this world goodbye. Well, now if you're ashamed of me, you have no cause to be. For with Christ I am an air boy. If too much fault you find, you'll surely be left behind. While I go sailing through the air. Oh, now I'm going to take a trip in that good old gospel ship. And I'm going far beyond skies. Well, now I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring while I'm beating this world. Amen. I can hardly wait. Oh, now I can hardly wait. And I know I'll not be late for I'll spend all my time in prayer. And when my ship comes in, going to leave this world to sin and go sailing through. Amen. Well, now I'm going to take a trip in that good old gospel ship. Well, I'm going far beyond the skies. Well, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring while I'm beating. Amen. Amen. Play that for us. Play that chorus for us again. [Music] Well, now I'm going to take a trip, have our brothers come for the offering this evening. And I'm going far beyond disguise. Well, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring. While I'm bidding this world, amen. Are you ready for that trip? Give him a hand clap of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. We're certainly ready for that trip. Amen. And we miss everyone. Every other trip we ever want to take, we want to make sure we make that one. Amen. Just welcome everyone out the house of the Lord. Got a lot of visitors tonight with us. Good to have y'all. I told Malachi, "Man, you got a you got a following going on back here." So I said, "They don't do that for Stuart. What's the deal?" Nobody follows him anywhere. So listen, no, we're c certainly glad to have him with us this evening. Just looking forward to the good time in the Lord. Amen. Well, remember uh Lizzie Joe tonight. She's a little congested, not feeling good this evening. Had a kind of a rough night last night. So just keep her in prayer. Amen. Lord, just be with her. Also remember our request from this morning. Sister Fritz uh is not feeling well. Sister Lori and her mom homesick and brother Bruce, want to remember him also. Sister Helen Naomi. Uh possible gallbladder trouble there. We'll see Dr. Tuesday from Sister Alice. So, let's remember that. Amen. I don't have any any announcements I don't think that we need to make. Amen. You have a need on your heart tonight by the uplifted hand. Amen. We have a brother. Lord, we thank you for this day that you give us, Father. We thank you for your many gifts among your people, Lord, that you've given to us. Father, we just ask you to meet the needs of the people, Lord. The needs on their hearts. Father, we just asking you come down and touch them, Lord. We love you and we praise you. We ask you to bless the tithes and offerings for your kingdom, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Let's sing this little course. The more that I can humble myself, the more you'll lift me up now. Every day I live. Oh Lord, I love Oh, sing it to him tonight now. Amen. You love him more every day. Oh, it's the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. It's the more that I will humble myself, the more you'll lift me up. Now every day I live. Amen. Sing that to me one more time again. Amen. That's what it takes. Amen. Sing it to him now. Oh, it's the more that I [Music] surrender the lighter my load. And the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Now every day I live singing Lord I love you more. Amen. Give him a hand clap of praise this evening. Amen. Amen. Amen. We got brother Elijah Mccomomas with us. I didn't recognize him when I ask him to sing. I should have knew better. His brother Tim's son. Amen. He's going to sing for us this evening. Amen. He he plays for himself and stuff. But yeah, I didn't recognize him when I asked him if he could sing or not. And then when they said it was Tim, like, well, yeah, we knew better than that. So, amen. Let's let's worship with him as he sings tonight. Amen. Then, Sister Anna, you come up and sing after he gets done. [Music] I keep fighting voices in my mind that say I'm not enough. [Music] Every single lie that tells me I will never measure [Music] up. Am I more than just the sum of every high and every low? [Music] Remind me once again just who I am because I need to know. Ooh. Well, you say I am love when I can't feel a thing. And you say I am strong when I think I am weak. You say I am held when I am falling short. And when I don't belong. Lord, you say I am yours. And I believe. Oh, I believe what you say of me. Oh, I [Music] believe the only thing that matters now is everything you think of [Music] me. In you I find my worth. In you I find my identity. [Music] Ooh. Well, you say I am love when I can't feel a thing. And you say I am strong when I think I am weak. And you say I am held when I am falling short. And when I don't belong. Lord, you say I am yours. And I believe. Oh, I believe what you said me. I believe I'm taking all I have and now laying it at your feet. [Music] You have every failure, God. You have every victory. Ooh. You say I am love when I can't feel a thing. And you say I am strong when I think I am weak. You say I am held. When I am falling short when I don't belong. Lord, you say I am yours and I believe. Oh, I believe what you said me. Oh, I believe. Lord, I believe [Music] [Applause] [Music] One day I'm going take a step to my the One day I'm going to take another step into my the well I No final step. It's going to set me free. My the gold in [Music] me. Don't you worry little children. If death knocks on your door, don't you know that dad, it's a doorway that leads to the heavenly shore over there. There's no heartache, no sorrow, grieve pain, perfect love, peace and beyond compare. Someday I'm going to take a step to my the one day I'm going to take another step into my the well I know the final step it's going to set me free my theony I hear it All in me over the next hill you look I see victory around the next curve in the road that devil he's going to flee. God's army is marching, marching onward to slay that old enemy around the next curve. I see King Jesus coming for me. One day I'm going to take a step into my theony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theony. How well I know. I understand it's going to set me free. I the offony I hear it calling me. One day I'm going take a step into my theopony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theop. And well, I know the final step. It's going to set me free. My theophony I hear it go in [Music] me. Amen. Amen. Amen. We might need to end that little course. We shall be changed. Amen. Go along with that. Amen. Let's let's add that in for we invite a brother to come. Amen. My theophony is calling me. Amen. We shall be changed. We shall be changed. We shall be changed. Oh, now change from this mortal to immortality in the twinkling of an eye. Oh, singing now. We shall be changed. Oh, we shall be changed. Oh, now change from this mortal to immortality in the twinkling. Amen. Let's stand together now and sing it. Oh, now we shall be [Music] changed. Oh, we shall be changed. Oh, now changed from this mortal to immortality. Amen. Amen. Play it good for us tonight. Amen. That sounds [Music] good. Amen. You appreciate our musicians tonight. Play it again for us one more time. [Music] Oh. All right. Let's sing it one more time now. Oh, now we shall be changed. Oh now we shall be changed. Oh now changed from this mortal to immortality in the twinkling of an eye. Amen. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Do you enjoy our specials tonight? Amen. We appreciate that this evening. Amen. Looking forward to the word of the Lord tonight. Now let's just enter in and pull on our brother. Amen. and ask God to speak to the needs in your lives this evening. Amen. Let's just praise him and worship him as our brother comes now. Sing, "All hail King Jesus." Amen. Just give him a little bit of worship and love now. All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel. Oh my king of kings. Amen. Amen. Tell him tonight now. Sing it from your heart. Amen. And now it's throughout eternity I'm going to praise him. and forever more. Amen. Amen. Worship him now this evening as our brother comes. All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel. He's my king of kings, lord of lords. He's that bright morning star. Now it's throughout eternity I'm going to praise him. Amen. Oh, and forever more I will reign. Sing it to him again now as he comes. Amen. Oh hell king Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, the bright morning star. And throughout [Music] eternity, I'm going to praise [Music] him. Oh, Lord, I will reign with you. Thank you, musicians. Good evening, everybody. I hope everybody's doing well. Brother David, you said something about me having a following. I don't know about that, but I was listening to a tape. Brother Brandham said, he said he was a spare tire. I thought, "Oh my, what is spare tires?" Brother Brandham bad shape. Uh, but it's glad to see all your happy faces tonight. And we'll just go to the Lord in prayer before we get started here. If you have a need, I believe Lord's here to meet that need. So, we'll just go to him now. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you so much for your love and for your mercy, God. Lord, we thank you for this time we get to come into the service, Lord, to worship you, Lord, again, and to just feel your presence, God. And Lord, you know, I'm nervous this evening, Father, but nerves are nothing to you, Father. I just pray you'd settle the nerves that somebody here would be helped, that you'd help me, Lord, because I know you can speak to me just as anybody else, Lord, that's listening, God. We pray that you'd bless this thought, Lord, the reading of the word. Father, just make it real to us, Lord. We commit all things into your hands and just ask this service would be for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we'll turn to Hebrews 13 and 8. Know it's a very familiar scripture, but we'll start with the eth verse and work our way down to 14 and then we'll go to Psalms 89 right after that. subject I want to speak on is receiving the promise in spite of the accusations. Hebrews 13:8, Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever be not carried about with diverse and strange doctrines. For it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace, not with meats which have not profited them that have been occupied therein. We have an altar whereof that they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle. For the bodies of those beasts whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin are burned without the camp. Wherefore Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood suffered without the gate. Let us go thereforth therefore unto him without the camp bearing his reproach. For here we have no continuing city, but we seek one to come. We'll turn over to Psalms 89 verse 50. Says, "Remember, Lord, the reproach of thy servants, how I do bear in my bosom the reproach of all the mighty people wherewith thine enemies have reproached, oh Lord, wherewith they have reproached the footsteps of thine anointed. Blessed be the Lord forever more. Amen and amen." May the Lord bless you. may have your seats. So, speaking on receiving the promise in the face of accusations, you know, in every age and every day, people that's lived has had to bear reproach if they were going to stand for this word. There's always a measure of reproach that a believer has to go through. And that's just character development because Christ has determined that we have a character just like him. and he's coming back for a people with a character just like him. You look at Hebrews 11, the heroes of the faith, all these men, women that go down, there's so many of them, but they all had some mark against them, whether it was a national mark, a physical mark, a spiritual mark, some kind of problem that Satan would accuse them of not being able to receive the promises for their day. But we know in Hebrews 11, it says they did receive the promises for that day. But there's a greater promise that they were looking for. They were led by the spirit of God to do the things that they did in their lives. Now, Hebrews 13:8 says Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. We know, brother Brown would campaign on that because it's a true promise of God. If Jesus did something in in his day, he'll do it again for us in this day. It's a promise. And it also says that we're looking for a city. So, we're not looking to build a city or a kingdom in this place, but we're looking for a better place. We're looking for a place that God has promised us. But it it gives a warning here because there's an accusation that's coming. And that accusation is to be carried away by a strange doctrine, a a you know, diverse doctrines, things that would be incorrect because Satan would want nothing more than to drag us away from the truth. That's what he's done from the beginning. Unbelief, Brother Brandham said, is as old as eating. And much of the word of God was considered, but there was that little bit of a lie. Brother Brandham was telling, he said, uh, a story of these group of men that were at a home meeting and they had seen the light, the truth on water baptism and were determined to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ because that's what the scriptures tells us to be baptized by. And he said, one man got up in the home and rose up and spoke in tongues and said, "Hold on to what you got. stay hold fast to what you have, you'll be blessed." And all the other men said, "Well, I guess that's what we'll do." So, they didn't come and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. You see, Satan's accusation was trying to get them men to step away from the word and they got some man got enthused and he spoke in the name of the Lord and God had never even spoke to him because you've got to examine your vision by the word. If your vision doesn't line up with the word, it's of no effect. So these these group of believers that we've been studying on here in Hebrews 11, they didn't turn back from the promise. They kept pressing. They kept going. There was something in them, the spirit of God driving them to something greater than themselves. But it actually says that these all died in the faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them a far off, and were persuaded them, embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. For they say that such things declare plainly that they seek a country. And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from which they came out, they may have had an opportunity to have returned. But now they desired a better country. We don't want to go back to the things of the world. We've got a better country to go to. We don't want to go back to the old ways. There's nothing in Egypt. The garlics and the leaks. There's nothing there for me. I'm going to a city that's got gold, streets of gold. It's got Jesus. It's got a promise. So that promise includes us. You know, Hebrews let Paul, he's speaking. He goes, "What would I say of Gideon, Barack, Samson?" He goes through so many. He talks about they were cruel mockings and scourges. How their bonds of imprisonment, Saul. He said, "All these having obtained a good report through faith received not the promise, God providing something better for us, that they without us should not be perfect." So God's got us in this promise. It isn't just for them. It's for us. God's got your name included. He's got my name included. What a wonderful thing. But we have to stand the reproach. And if they had to stand the reproach, mustn't we also stand the reproach? Brother Ram says this. He says, "You always have to stand the reproach in order to give your testing." Every man that comes to Christ must first be childed for the purpose that God has ordained you for. And remember, if you can just keep quiet, remember if he has called you for this, there's nothing that can keep it from happening. There's not enough devils in torment, but what God's word will be made manifest. You're born for a purpose, and nobody can take that your place. You might have impersonators and everything else, but they'll never take your place. God's word will triumph. It cannot fail. There's where every Christian ought to stand. Know that. And the trials will come up and seem every way to you. But remember, God has a purpose and it'll work out all right. I don't know about you, but that boosts my faith to know that it's going to work out all right. No matter what the situation, no matter what accusation Satan wants to throw at you or me, as long as we're found in the word, our lives are lining up. We're walking in the promise, we're going to receive the promise. We got a cloud of witnesses, as Paul says. A lot of this study comes out of Hebrews. But there's a great cloud of witnesses that tells us you can make it. Telling me that I can make it, but we've got to line up to the word. We can't get enthused. A lot of people die with enthusiasm. I watch people year after year said on message pews. Brother Jason, he this morning we had a wonderful service. He was talking about people get into a cage and they come up to them bars on that cage and and just enough to shout, just enough to rejoice, but then it's back into the cage when Monday comes. It's back into the cage when Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Sunday, we're back up to the bar again, about to get out. You've got to break free if you're going to receive the promise. You've got to be willing to step through. Maybe it's uncomfortable. Maybe it's unknown. But God promised. He said, "I will never leave you. I will never forsake you." So he made us a promise that he will continue on with us. That's right. This thought it come to me because I was reading the book of Job. And if there ever was a man of God, I believe it was Job. Talk about a man that went through so much. And you know what I like about Job is me having two girls. Job was a real daddy. You know, he cared for his children. Job made a sacrifice continually. He was a good friend. He give advice. He loved people. He wanted to be a man of God. And you know, Satan accused him one day. And Job didn't even know any of this was happening. He had no idea that any of this was taking place. But God and Satan, there was a council that was held, Brother Brandon would say, and he said, "Did you consider my servant Job? There's no man like him in the earth. That man went through so much, but he held on to the promise because God made him a promise." And what what brought this thought actually to me was as I was reading his his friends, his so-called friends, their accusation against him. You know, Job, God don't do this to people that don't sin. God doesn't punish. No, God is determined to see you Christlike. And whatever it takes, God's willing to do because he knows the end from the beginning. You may stumble your way through right now and you're wondering, why am I going through this right now? God knows where you're going to end up. So if you stay faithful, there's a promise for you. Now I was listening to, you know, reading about these friends and their their accusation was, you know, God does not do this to righteous men. But if you'll notice in there snuck a little promise, a little blessing. Though thy beginning was small, thy latter end shall increase. Did them friends realize that they were blessing Job and everything that accusation? If you'll repent, this will happen. Job held on to the word and God give every single thing to him. He come to a grave in a full O age. He was restored everything that he had lost. He was given a promise and it was given by God because he stayed with the word. Think about Jesus. Jesus came in a time of a massive unbelief. Brother Brandon would say perhaps even like today a massive unbelief. But he had one promise. Jesus made it on one promise. I will not leave his soul in hell. Neither will I let my holy one see corruption. Me and you have thousands of promises that we can go back into this word and we can see God place a promise in there for me and you. He promised the Holy Ghost. He promised healing. He promised deliverance. He promised he would be the same yesterday, today, and forever for my situations and for your situations. He promised to be the same. And Christ had one. But he made that one promise for you and for me. And how wonderful it is to know that he he made a promise for you and me. You say, "So, well, Malachi, you don't know what I'm going through right now. I'm going through situations and I've got mental battles and and all these things. I don't know how to stand reproach." Well, Brother Brham in this message gives us the idea of how to do it. This is the way Jesus did it. He connected himself with God. Brother Brham said Jesus when he had come into the world, he came into a time of massive unbelief. That's right. He came in such a way that it caused the unbeliever to disbelieve more. God just he says it's so wonderful father he brought right in time and give him as a people thought an illegitimate child and never sent him in any schools and so forth. He was an odd sort of a boy but yet there was something about him that seemed to be what he said was the truth. What he spoke it was so and he never took credit for himself but he connected himself with God. It's not me that doeth the works. He said you claim God to be your father and you say he is. Then you don't believe me. If you can't believe me, believe the works that I do, for they are my credentials. They are the ones that testify of me. They are the one that speaks whether it's the truth. He'd go on to say, "Unbelief never stopped him. He just kept right on going. He healed the sick, raised the dead, cleansed the lepers, went right on. And when they didn't believe that such things could happen, he their unbelief didn't stop Jesus at all. He went right on doing just what he was supposed to do." That's the way we're supposed to be. We want to go on doing right what God has called us to do. And I ain't going to let anybody else talk me out of this word because it's been revealed to me. Like John said, he wept because he's seen his name in the book. I wonder, can we see our name in the book this evening? We're not to be a sad, mopey Christian. This is not a a life of rules and regulations and woe is me and I have to live this way. This is a love affair. God died for you and he revealed this message to you. Satan's accusation is you can't make it. But Christ come that you could make it. Unbelief didn't bother Jesus. In fact, when when the opportunity presented itself with unbelief, he cast it out. I think about Jaras's daughter when he got in there to heal that little girl and all them people were laughing and making fun of him, saying, you know, what are you going to do? She's dead. He said, get out. That's what we ought to do in our lives when we get around unbelief. We get around situations that that try to drag you down. Get out. Satan, I don't have time for your accusations. I've got a promise. God promised me. And you'll notice if you'll just do that, he said, "Little girl, come alive. There's life." When you get unbelief out of the way, life comes in. That's the way we ought to be. If we can just push out the doubts, if we can just push out the fears, let life come in because God's got life for you. Are you willing to accept it? Are you willing to take him at his word? That's the one thing we're fortified by is God's word. Unbelief, brother Ram says this, does not stop God. Does not stop his program. Does not stop his move. Does not stop nothing but the unbeliever. It stops him in his sin. And there he is looking at himself. What a position to be in. It ain't going to stop God. You can be as arrogant as you want to be against this message. You can call it every kind of other name. You can blasphe it. You can do whatever you want to do. You ain't going to stop God and you ain't going to stop God's people that are going on with God. It's just going to caught there and looking at yourself. That's all it's going to be. Because one of these days, God will prove that this message is true. Amen. He says, "Today, they say there's no such thing as the Holy Ghost." But that don't stop the people. They go right on getting it just the same. Say there's no divine healing, but they go right on getting healed just the same. Say there's no joy, but people go on shouting just the same. There's no such thing as the baptism of the Holy Ghost. that you Pentecostals talk about. But the people are filled with it every day. They might not be able to explain it, but they know they got it. He said that's the main thing. So unbelief doesn't stop God. We know we got it. I'm so glad to associate myself with people who has it. And I believe this evening I'm associate myself with people who's got it. I don't know about you, but I'm happy to have it. God give it to me. I'll take it. You know, I I I should be like, you know, I heard brother Andrew Glover one time when he was preaching. And he said, "I should be a statistic." You know, I should too. Should be a statistic of unbelief is what I should be. But God planted a seed inside of me. And he turned my life around in a way that it shouldn't have went. The greatest hindrance that the church has to receiving God's promise is unbelief. We're scared. We're always thinking God actually ain't going to do what he said he'll do. But if we'll just take God at his word, if we'll believe him for what he said he'll do, he'll do it. He'll stand by. It might not come out the way you think it's going to come out and it may take a little time, but God didn't give us a timeline. He just said, "I'll do it." He said, "If if you say to this mountain, you may have one little ex insignificant grain of sand." Brother Brandham said, "Move." But he said, "That mountain started moving." That's the way we ought to believe. But but people today, they don't want to believe. They want to turn over. And you know, like Romans 1 says to a reprobate mind. That's and I never understood that as well as I did the other day. Brother Jason said that a reparate mind is is a mind void of judgment. What a place to be when you're so cold on God that you're not even worried about the judgments of God. What an awful place. What an awful condition to be in. There's no promise in that. There's no promise in unbelief. You know, I think about the story brother would say. You know, uh a minister on the radio said, "I'll give $1,000 to anybody that can pro prove divine healing." Brother Bram said he had a man with a cancer, I think it was, or something that fell off. He went and got the man's doctor and he went and got uh uh the man and he got the news article that was written and went to this guy uh turns out the guy the money was over in Texas or something. There's always an excuse, you know, and uh he said, "I wanted to collect $1,000 for the missionary field." He said that man said, "I tell you what, let me get a little girl in here. Let me cut her hand. Let me see you heal her." He said, "Sir, you're in need of mental healing. He said, "Let alone worrying about a girl's, you know, a physical healing, cutting a child's hand." He said, "But that's that same old devil." He said that sir said, "I won't believe it. I don't care how many miracles you could prove. I won't believe it." He said, "Certainly not. You're an unbeliever. It wasn't sent to unbelievers, sir. It was only sent to believers. That's the only one that's ever going to see it." So the only ones that are ever going to see it is the believer. Little while in the world seeth me no more, yet ye shall see me. the believer, right? Brother Ram says this. He says, "If he lives, won't he produce the same thing? Won't his life produce as it did if it's living in you?" You know, that same old devil tries to say, "This message is not the truth." But, but God's going to prove someday that it is the truth. The second coming of the Lord is going to take place. If it doesn't take place, then we're all in error. We believe for no reason. All hope is lost. Our families that have went on, we're never going to see again. But we've been given a promise because he is coming. Brother Adam, he was talking in this tape. He said, "You scare people." Talking about the second coming of the Lord. He said, "Why scared? If your life is right with God, that's the most blessed thing we could ever think of. There is nothing so important as the coming of the Lord." And you notice that you sometimes you talk about the end of the world and all these events that are taking place. People get uncomfortable, but you don't have to be uncomfortable. Satan's accusation is you. He wants to make you uncomfortable. But if you've received a promise and if your life is lining up to the word, there's nothing to be afraid of. There's no bomb that Russia could ever sin. There's no war that could ever rise up. There's no no nothing, no pestilence, no nothing that can separate us from the love of God. There's a promise given to the believer. Brother Brandham says this. says, "There's nothing as important as the coming of the Lord. For if he does not come, we've been found in false witnesses. Our dead that's in the grave are perished. There's no hope left for us. And if Jesus doesn't come visibly the second time in the very light of the second coming is so important that this week, he said that we're approaching, believe he's talking about Easter, he said that Jesus when he was approaching it at the first time, the very shadows of the cross, he spoke very little of his death, burial, and resurrection. He spoke more on his second coming than he did his death, burial, and resurrection. It's a very important subject. He said in the Old Testament, there's many times more scriptures in the Old Testament pa pertaining to the second coming of Christ than there is to the first coming or yeah, first coming of Christ. Everything to the human race now after the atonement has been made rest solemnly upon the second coming of the Lord. So everything that we have need of is is just, I believe, just around the corner. I don't know how it couldn't be. It may not be in my lifetime, but still, it's coming. The promise is coming. Paul says this in 2 Timothy 4:6. He says, "For now, I am ready to be offered. The time of my departure is at hand. I have fought the good fight of faith. I have finished my course. I have kept the faith. Henceforth is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give unto that day." Now, like this, not only to me, but unto all of them that love his appearing. So there's a a crown of righteousness, not just waiting for Paul, not just waiting for Peter, not just waiting for these great men of God, William Brandham. There's a there's a promise waiting for you. There's a promise waiting for me, a crown, crown of life. So we don't want to be scared when we're caught not doing the word. Don't be scared about being caught. Be scared because you're destroying yourself. Because unbelief doesn't destroy God. It doesn't destroy his plan. It doesn't destroy his works. It only destroys the unbeliever. Unbelief only destroys the unbeliever. Romans 3 says, "For what if some did not believe? Shall their unbelief make the faith of God without an effect?" So, we want to accept God's provided way. The Pharisees one day come up to Jesus and and they claim to have sight. And Jesus said, "Because you claim to have sight, your sin remainth." But I think about that that publican that was in the temple that said, 'Lord, I'm a sinner. Have mercy on me. How many honest hearts can we have, you know, this evening that says, 'Lord, I need you. If I'm going to receive this promise, I must have you. Not a hotty spirit, a humble, contrite, broken up spirit that will receive a promise. Brother Bram says this. He said, "What kind of church is it going to take to receive a promise?" He said, "It's going to take a scriptural church. He says, "And that's the great church of the living God has done in these last days. It's to bring the people the recognition the living God among the church. That's what it's raised up for. And the church is to come back not to a creed like a Roman dogma or something. It's to come back to the Bible. Get back to the word no matter what it says. Just cope with the word. Not to use our own thinking. Stay with the word because it's the promise of God." Another place he says this, he says, "It isn't a change of mind. It's a new creature." The church doesn't need a facelifting. It needs a conversion. It needs to be a new creature. And unbelief will push you over to the side. Many of them say, "Well, now I believe, you know, the Holy Ghost. We believe in the Holy Ghost in our place, but we believe when we believe God, we receive the Holy Ghost." Now, you see how close that is. He said, "What if the disciples after six days, Matthew said to Andrew, you know what? I believe we already got it. Let's accept it by faith. He said it never would have happened. The only way that they knew how it would be when it come was what the way the scriptures to prove what it would be when it did come. That's right. So, we don't want to just be enthused. We want a life. We want something behind it. It takes a life, not just enthusiasm. He says in these last days, what's it going to take? It's a scriptural trained church on the line for there's going to be carnal impersonations rise. The Bible said as Jambre and Janis Janice withstood Moses so will these men of reprobate mind concerning the truth. So there's going to be impersonators. I think about uh Jeremiah and Haniah. Brother Brandon was talking about he said that Haniah you know Jeremiah walked into the king's court with a wooden yoke upon his back and he had thus sayeth the Lord Nebuchadnezzar is coming where you know the the king of the north is coming and Haniah rose up and got all enthused and said thus sayaith the Lord the vessels of the Lord be full in two years. He said his vision didn't line up with the word. He got all enthused and he got out of the word. He said but I like the attitude of Jeremiah. Jeremiah never even argued with him. He said, "Amen, Haniah, let it be." That's the way of a true believer, not to argue God's word. We're not here to fight quotes with quotes and scriptures with scriptures, and we don't want to see anyone cast down. We want to only see people prosper. He had a good attitude. He said, "Amen, Haniah. These people are are my people, too." Jeremiah realized that, you know, the he he was a Jew, and he loved them people just the same as anyone else. But but he had to stay with the word. We love people, but we got to stay with the word. Don't let anybody else separate you from this word. And Jeremiah started to walk out and God come back to him and said, "Go back and tell him I never spoke to him." And within that year that he would die and it happened just the way that Jeremiah the prophet had said. So there's a danger to enthusiasm. We got something to be enthused about. But we want to make sure that we're sealed in, that we've met God's requirement. Brother Ram says this. God makes a promise that he would bless, but those blessings are under conditions. You've got to meet those conditions to make that work. So, we got something to be enthused about. I think about Paul and Silas, though. Here they are bound in chains in a jail in a prison cell. Probably couldn't lift their hands. Probably couldn't worship the Lord. But they had a life behind it. And they got enthused. So enthused they began to sing. And you notice when they began to sing, prison bars started busting. chain started falling off and even to the point that they were able to to tell the jailer, "Fear not, you know, we're all still here." And that jailer was was so convinced by their message. They lived a life. They lived something to be worthy of the gospel of. And that's what we want to do. They had perfect faith. Brother Brandham said, "That's what it's going to take. It's going to take a perfect faith." Let's see anybody accomplish anything by their unbelief. Have you known anybody to accomplish anything by worry, by doubts, by fears? Faith. Brother Ram said, "Faith has gotten me out many times." He says, "What does faith do? What what does the word of God do? It creates a faith." Well, what could faith do if you was going to be shot in the morning? He said, "It could deliver me. It has done it many times." See, see, sure, there's no value in unbelief at all. There is value in faith. Believing God's word and taking God at his word. Faith is not ridiculous. It's not ridiculous to the believer and it's not ridiculous to God. Faith is, Brother Ram says, faith is ridiculous to everybody, but to God and the one that has it. Now, it's not ridiculous to God because he's the author of faith. And it's not ridiculous to man that has the faith because he's a believer in God. So, it isn't ridiculous to him. God is the author of it. He created it. And the man who received it from God, of course, it isn't ridiculous to God because he created it. He knows what it is. And the believer that receives it, it isn't ridiculous to him because by is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things he can't see, taste, smell, smell, hear, but he knows it's there. It's not ridiculous to him because it's just as good as done. He don't have to worry anything about it. He knows God told him and God said it. That's enough for him. All right. So, we want to have faith. God wants us to have faith. And unbelief won't destroy his plans. It won't do a thing to them. He'll go right on just the same. I'd like for somebody to take their unbelief, he said, and stop the son. Oh, yes. He said, but it did for Joshua. Faith will do it. Unbelief will get you nowhere. So, we want to have perfect faith. We want to be lined up with the word because that's what'll get us there. Think about the children of Israel. The reason they could not enter into rest was because the word they heard was not mixed with faith. The word must be mixed with faith. It says in Hebrews here it says, "Let us therefore fear lest a promise being left us of entering into his rest any of you should seem to come short of it. For unto us was the gospel preached as well as unto them." But the word preached did not profit them because it was not mixed with faith in them that heard it. For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, as I have sworn in my wrath that they shall enter into my rest, although the works were finished from the foundation of the world. For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise, and God did rest on the seventh day from all his works. And in this place again, if they shall enter into my rest, seeing therefore it remainth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached enter not because of unbelief. So we're not looking towards a day, you know, the Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit." That is the rest. The Holy Spirit is your rest. And it takes faith to enter into that rest. So there's no need in arguing God's word. There's no need in unbelief. There's only faith, perfect faith. Think about this in in Jude 19. says, "Michael the archangel when contending with the devil, he disputed about that disputing about the body of Moses. He d not bring him a railing accusation, but said the Lord rebuked thee." So that right there proves it's not of God to argue. He knew what happened to Moses. Hey, I'm not got time to argue with you, Satan. That's the way we ought to be in our lives. I ain't got time to argue with you, Satan. You want to argue that? Well, you know, is the message really the truth? No, it is the truth. I ain't got time to argue with you. Well, I seen on ww.disbelieve disbelieveth this.com. No, I ain't got time for that. I'm marching on with a promise. This has been revealed to me that it's the truth. Satan wants us to argue God's word. I think about that little woman that was caught in the act of adultery. Them Pharisees, they brought that woman, they drug her up, this woman of ill fame, caught in the very act before the most high, holy God, Jesus, standing before in human flesh. And they they wanted to to accuse Jesus. They wanted to get him on this law. They didn't worry about the man. Who cares about the man? The man was caught. He should be stoned, too. You know, we don't worry about the man, but we want to see what you're going to do about this woman. We want to accuse you, Jesus. Are you going to make the right decision? He just stooped down into the sand, started writing their sins, maybe perhaps one by one, they started leaving. We don't know what he wrote, but maybe it was their sins. That woman standing there, he said,"Woman, where are thine accusers?" Now the one that could have accused her gave her a promise and said, "Neither do I accuse you. Go and sin no more." And that woman left with a promise of life. Didn't he do the same for us? He could have accused us of of the wrongs that we done in our life, but instead he stretched his arms on Calvary. And he gave me a promise. He gave you a promise that this promise, as Acts 2:38 says, is to you and to your children. As many as them are far off, as many as our Lord our God shall call. Are we going to take his promise today? Musicians, if you please come, we'll close on this. You feel down sometimes you wonder, you know, am I going to make it? Am I not going to make it? Christ said you will make it as long as you're in the word. Read this here. It says, I'm telling you, there's no other fountain I know but the fountain. It cleansed me when I was dirty. It keeps me cleansed because I want to live right. It drink the fresh water that fills my soul with joy. I can be ever so down and feel that I can't hardly go another round. Can't go nowhere else. Then I kneel down and put my finger on a promise and say, Lord God, thou art my strength. Thou art my satisfaction. Thou art my all in all. I begin to feel something bubbling up from inside me. There I come out of it. You want to come out of it this evening? I want to come out of every unbelief that's in my life. just put my finger on a promise of God and say, "Lord, you promised it." When I'm going through situations, life's not always a a bed of ease. We know that. But God gave us a promise. He said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you." He's so good to us. Are you happy to serve him? And we can stand to our feet. God bless you this evening. I hope something helps you this evening. Just want to encourage you to keep fighting, keep believing, because there's promises for you. There's promises for me. God loves you very much. Let you sing, buddy. Until [Music] there. I want to love love just love. Oh, I could [Music] never sing it to him [Music] now. I want to live the way. He wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love and love till there's just no more love. Well, I could never. Amen. Amen. Is that your desire tonight? Sing it to him [Music] now. I want to live the [Music] way he wants me to live. Want to give unto you. There's just no more to give. I want to love. Oh love till there's just no more love for I could never ever out love the Lord. Amen. Let's try to do that winds of faith. Let's try to sing winds of faith tonight. Give me that first verse to that. Amen. Winds of faith. There are two roads that you can take. One by side and one by faith. Oh, take the word of God. Amen. What you see, what you believe is what will be. So set your wings to the wings of faith. You can fly. Amen. You believe it tonight? Amen. Oh, do not struggle. Amen. Amen. You're thankful for that tonight. It's by grace. Amen. Oh, to the winds of faith. Now watch your knee. Watch your cry. Watch your mountain. [Music] much too high. Oh, speak the word of God. And by and by, oh, it will move or you will fly. So set your [Music] wings to the winds of faith. Now you can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle now. It's by [Music] grace set your ways. Amen. Amen. I love this last verse now. Amen. Sing it. Just watch the [Music] eagle up in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. Oh, for the power. Amen. It makes him right. Oh, it's already in the sky. Oh, so set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. [Music] It's by [Music] grace set your wings. Amen. Sing that last verse again now. Oh, just watch the eagle up in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. Oh, for the power that makes him rise. Oh, it's already in the skies. Just set your [Music] wings to the winds of faith. Set your determination tonight. You can fly in a higher place. Well, do not struggle. It's by [Applause] grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. You appreciate the word this evening. Give our brother a hand this evening. Amen. My brother Stewart this morning. Amen. Certainly good day in the Lord today. Amen. Amen. You love him. Amen. I'm going to try one of the new ones. Let's do Rise Above It All. Help me get it started. Key of F. It says on Brother Allen's deal here. Let's try that. Rise above it all. Amen. See if I don't mess it up too bad. Help me start it. I'm going to ride. Rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. All right. Amen. Sing it now. Is that your determination tonight? Oh, I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above it all. Rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above. Amen. Sing it now. It sounds good. Tonight I'm going to rise. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Oh, let it ring from your heart. Amen. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. Amen. One more time. Oh, I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. Amen. Give him a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Appreciate everyone coming out tonight. Let's sing to him. Thanks. Thanks. Amen. As we go tonight, amen. God bless you. Keep you safe in your travels. We want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've [Music] done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Where we're singing thanks. Thanks. I give you thank for all
