################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-14 - Satan's Anxiety Pastor Ben Pruitt Sunday Evening 4-13-25 - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-14
Title:    "Satan's Anxiety" Pastor Ben Pruitt Sunday Evening 4-13-25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uBFPK0ygKk
========================================

Description:
"Satan's Anxiety" Pastor Ben Pruitt Sunday Evening 4-13-25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder. [Music] There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Arest in it flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. Yes, there is power power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power. [Music] Power in the precious blood of the lamb. And would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Would you lift his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in all our hearts. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Applause] Let's try that song. I've got a revelation. I've got a [Music] revelation of predestination. I've got a revelation. God is my father. He tells me where I came from. Tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell will never prevail against. Sing it again. I've got [Music] a predestination. I've got a reation. God is my [Music] father. It tells me where I came from. Tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell will never prevail against. Let me hear you singing once again. [Music] tells me where I came [Music] from. I'm going of hell will never prevail against me. Even same key. One [Music] day, some days I think of the day I'll die. Some [Music] days one day Jesus will call my name. Oh, one day Jesus will call my name. As days go by, I hope I don't stay the change. You looking forward to that day. [Music] Most days I prayed, some days I hurt. A sad number of days I have put myself first. It's not what I do. The cross made that plain. Oh, and one day Jesus will call my name. Oh, one day Jesus will call my name. As days go by, I hope I don't stay the change. Let's sing that chorus to him once again. calls my name. Oh, one day Jesus will call my days go by. I hope I don't stay the same. I want to get so close to him. It's no big change on the day that Jesus calls my name. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of [Applause] praise? Let's sing a song. Brother Robert, I didn't see it in there. Where could I go? Leaving below in this. Okay. Well, it's under Thank God I'm free on mine. So, I don't know. Amen. Let's sing a song. Key of G. We'll sing this just before we have the ushers come tonight. Living below in this old sinful world. Hardly a comfort can [Music] afford. Striving alone to face temptation. [Music] Where could I go to the singing? Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my [Music] soul and needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Neighbors are kind. I love them. [Music] Everyone we get along in sweet [Music] accord. But when my soul needs man from above, where could I go but to the Lord? And where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul and a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Last verse. Life here is grand with friends I love so dear. Comfort I get from God's own word. Yet when I face the chilling hand of death, where could I go but to the Lord? As the ushers come, we're singing where I could go seeking a refuge for my soul. and needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Amen. He's the the friend that sticks closer than our brother. Amen. Amen. If you just want to play something softly. Amen. We don't have any written uh prayer request. uh this evening. Um but we got a a praise report from Sister Esther. Uh it says, "At camp, I went to the altar to pray with my friends and found myself praying for more of God." And while uh she was praying for that in her head, a preacher come by and said, "Fulfill her desire for more of you." And a piece just came over our sister Esther there. So we just want to give the Lord a hand clap of praise. We know that. Amen. when we, you know, we know that God works in in mysterious ways and when we we yield oursel to him and we just connect with his spirit, just amazing things can happen. Amen. And if you have an unspoken request, if you just like to make it known by the uplifting of your hand, we'll ask our brother Stewart take these needs for us by our hearts. Lord, we love you tonight. Lord, we just come before your throne of mercy and grace, Lord. and you see the needs of your children here tonight, every heart, Lord. Lord, may you just pour out your spirit upon every life, Lord, upon every need. Lord, may we just look away from this world and look away to Jesus here this evening. Lord, we just thank you for the testimony of our sister and just the move of God upon her life, the peace that you brought. Lord, won't you just come and move among us here tonight? Every heart, every life, just use our brother Ben to minister the word. Or may we just be able to enter in tonight and receive what you would have for us. Lord, we love you. We just ask you bless the tithes and offerings now in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. You can be seated as the ushers come. Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you. I [Music] surrender. I [Music] surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you. Sing that second [Music] verse. Broken I come to you. [Music] I'm trusting and waiting to see what you will do. Lord, you know what's best. And at your feet I find my rest. I'm coming to you. [Music] again. Lord, here I [Music] am. I surrender and I [Music] surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. [Music] I give it all to you. I surrender. I surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. [Music] Oh, I give it all. Can we lift our hands and sing it to him once again? I [Music] surrender. I [Music] surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to [Music] you. I [Music] surrender. I [Music] surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you. Amen. We just got to surrender to him. We've got quite a few requests tonight. So, we're going to start with the youth choir. So, if they want to go ahead and come after that, I had a request for Sister Anna and her girls. Do y'all have a song tonight? Okay. And then after them, Reagan, Maddie, and girls choir. So, if y'all if y'all will come up for that after after Cecarian and her daughters youth choir, come on up. Sunday school kids. Sorry, too many choirs. And we give our young people a hand while they're coming up. [Music] [Music] Blessed be the rockless [Music] bean. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my [Music] salvation. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my sal. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. The Lord with me for he is praised. [Music] Lord is worthy [Music] [Music] praiseless. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Bless upon the Lord for he is worthy to be praised. and the Lord with me for he is worthy to be [Music] praised. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Applause] [Music] [Music] We're all on a journey. And we're called to walk by faith. There'll always be the mountains and valleys in our way right here in this moment. May our strength be renewed as we recall what God has done. Now we've seen him move. If there's anybody here who's found him faithful, anybody here who knows he's [Music] ablebody here brought through the fire, [Music] saybody here Joy in the midst of sorrow, peace in the stor, hope for tomorrow. And you time and time again. Just say amen. It gets hard to see. But be bold and courageous and follow where he leads. Greater is the one who's in us and he who's in the world. A child of God, remember the battle is the Lord. There'sbody here in faith. Anybody here who knows he's [Music] ablebody here who's seen his power? Anybody here brought through the fire? Say amen. Anybody here found joy in the midst of sorrow, peace in the storm, hope for tomorrow. And you said it time and time again. Just say amen. Just say amen. Even in the valley of the shadow, when you feel alone in the unknown, just say amen. Just say amen. Even when the storms are raging, standing, you're not forsaken. Just say amen. Just [Applause] say if there's anybody [Music] here who knows he's [Music] ablebody through the fire say amen. [Music] Amen. Hope for tomorrow. And you see it time and time again. Just say amen. Just stand and testify of the greatness of God in our lives. Anybody here in faith? Anybody here who knows he's able say if there's anybody here who's seen his powerbody here through the fire say here found joy in the midst of sorrow peace in the storm. for tomorrow. And you see it time and time again. Just say amen. Just say amen. Just say [Music] [Applause] [Music] are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here nurturing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] You are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you [Music] are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here mending every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you [Music] are. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop. Even when I don't see it, you're even feel it. You're never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. [Music] [Applause] Let's go ahead and stand as we prepare to change the order of the service. You appreciate our singers tonight. Let's give them another hand clap. Amen. We appreciate the specials, especially from our young people. Amen. Then sister Ann and her daughters. Amen. We're just going to go ahead and sing this. We invite our pastor to come this evening. Amen. Did you enjoy the service this morning? Amen. Just such a wonderful time. Amen. Just be praying for the service tonight. Amen. Lord would have his way. You deserve the glory and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great, Lord. There's no one else like [Music] you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do mirales so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. There is no one else like [Music] you. The glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship. As we lift your holy name, you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. You are great. Oh, thank you, Lord. You do mirales and pray. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, you are great. Can you tell him tonight so great? Lord, there's no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else. Thank you. Let's bow our heads together. Father, we approach your throne again, Lord, believing you are great and there is no one else like you. Lord, we trust you today to meet all of our needs. And we thank you for doing it, Lord. Lord, as we've even heard the testimonies of how you speak to us, Lord, personally, I pray, God, that you'd do it again tonight. Speak to us, Lord. Lord, there's a need in our heart somehow, or maybe something we've been struggling with, a question that we have. I pray, God, that you'd meet that need tonight. Move me out of the way, Lord. I know I'm insufficient in myself, Lord, to bring your word, but I know that you are able, God. We thank you for your presence here with us. We pray you continue to be with us throughout the service. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord. Hallelujah. Just love the Lord this evening. If you will turn with me to James chapter 2 and verse 19. We'll just read that one verse. Give you just a moment to turn there. You want to mark it in your Bible. James chapter 2 verse 19. What a blessing to be in the house of the Lord with all of you today. So thankful to be one of his. Aren't you? Amen. I'm glad I can say I'm one of them. Amen. Amen. Giving y'all time to turn. I needed time to turn. James chapter 2 verse 19. Thou believest that there is one God. Thou doest well. How many believe there's one God? But he says the devils also believe. But I want you to take special note of the last line. They believe and tremble. I want to speak to you tonight on the devil's anxiety. Devil's anxiety. You may have your seats. I think anxiety is probably the sickness of our age. It's a definition of anxiety is feeling nervous, restless, tense, having a sense of impending danger, panic. Oh, I just love to believe that the devil's panic tonight. Or doom. Having an increased heart rate, breathing rapidly or hyperventilating, sweating, trembling, trembling, feeling weak or tired and trouble concentrating, having trouble sleeping, stomach problems, having difficulty controlling worry, or having the urge to avoid things that trigger anxiety. Rates of anxiety have doubled over the last 10 years among people, just people in the world. They're increasing even faster in young people, which doesn't make any sense. What do young people have to be anxious about? We've talked about that before, but we know that's a prophesied symptom of the end times. In Luke 21:2, it says, "There shall be signs in the sun and in the moon and stars upon the earth, distress of nations with perplexity, sea and the waves roar." In other words, they won't know what to do about the natural disasters and things that are happening. Verse 26, men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after that means being anxious about those things which are coming on the earth for the powers of heaven shall be shaken. Brother Brandham says traveling around from nation to nation I find that everyone seems to be nervous and the psychwards are filling up and the people are down the street. He said there seems to be so much anxiety and a rush just as hard as they can till they don't have courtesy even one for the other. We talked about courtesy a while back. That's actually a fruit of the spirit. Something God wants to see in our lives is courtesy for one another. And brother Brandon types that to being or or ties that to being anxious that people don't have courtesy because they're so anxious about things and in a rush. He said, "I've noticed it amongst all people." I think if we look around, you know, we know the world's getting worse, but I think it's also worse because our anxiety about it is worse. We think more about it. And I I think about these storms that just happened. I I I my mind goes back as a kid, you know, as you get old, you start talking about yourself as a kid. Have you ever noticed that? I've noticed older preachers, they start telling stories about themselves. I'm I'm trying not to do that, church, but I'm 39. and I'm I'm I'm about to go over the hill and this summer and uh as I get older, I find myself thinking about it as a child and we never knew if a storm was coming till they announced it on the radio 30 minutes before if we happened to be listening, you know, and you just didn't know those things. And now we know days, weeks, months ahead of time, and we're watching weather patterns and everybody's all upset and and I'm not saying we don't have a right to be. I'm just it's just something that happens because we have so much understanding, so much knowledge about what's going on and it probably saves people's lives, but it also increases our anxiety about what's going on and and everything's worse. Brother Ram said, "The whole world, did you ever see the lack of nervousness? Just let me tell you, Eevee," he said, "Every night when I've been here, I watch the audience." He said, 'Now each one, I want every man and woman to be sincere with me, feeling the pressure. When nervous people come to this platform, there's at least right now in this building, 80% of what's sitting here is nervous, affected with nervous trouble. He said the Bible said men's heart failing, more heart troubles, number one disease. Is that right? And fear, sights upon the earth, perplexed with time, distress between nations, and all these things just before the coming. He said it's setting a stage for the greatest drama that was ever acted out in all ages, the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. He talked about how a lamb is nervous when a lion is nearby and the world was nervous because the end times were were coming and were on the earth. By 1961, the rate had gone up. Brother Brandham in that first quote said that 80% of the people were nervous. And this one he said, "Sister, of course, one of the great things wrong with you, we all know, but this one thing he said there's about 95% of this audience suffering with the same thing, a nervous condition." So, we see an increase in nervousness. Why is that? Satan is nervous. I want to I want to turn this around because I don't want to talk tonight so much about our anxiety as I want to talk about Satan's anxiety. The Bible says, did you catch that? He believes and trembles. He trembles. What does that mean? It means he's anxious. He He's worried. He's nervous. No wonder the world's shaking because Satan, the prince of the power of the air, is nervous. And he has a right to be. See, the devils believe and and tremble. Why? Why is he nervous? He's nervous because he knows the word of God. He's a student of it and he believes it, right? He believes it. Revelation 12:7. You know, Satan has read this. He was there when John was writing it. He was one of the first to read it. Look, he said, "There was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon. The dragon fought in his angels and prevailed not. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. He experienced this. Satan did. Now, think about it for a minute. He He knows he has firsthand knowledge of the power of God because he says the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil and Satan which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out of the earth and his angels were cast out with him. Now this happened, brother Brandon said the first thing in heaven was a battle. Lucifer was kicked out and come to the earth. Then he polluted Eden, he said. Then he's been polluting ever since. And now from the battle in heaven is coming to the battle on earth. And it is to be finished on earth at the end time in a battle called Armageddon. Satan can read that just like you and I can read it. He can hear that just like you and I can hear it. And he knows that it's true. Revelation 12:10 said, "I heard a loud voice sing in heaven." Can you imagine how anxious, how nervous. Have you ever been in church and been nervous? Yeah. Now, think about it. You've been in church, you've been nervous. Maybe you're in a Have you ever been in a church maybe where you're not sure what's being preached is really correct? Well, that's nerve-wracking, isn't it? It's anxious. I hope you're not that way right now. But, but it just it just makes you nervous because you're not sure what's going going on. Maybe you're in a church, you don't know the pastor, you don't know the preacher, and and you don't know where he's going. And so, there's a nervousness to that. And I've watched people over the years that if I have somebody in, maybe they've never heard before, I try to be here because people watch the pastor. They'll try to look and see, well, is the pastor agreeing with it? You know, because you don't want to take in anything that's wrong. You get nervous. Let me tell you, the most nervous person that's in here when the word is being preached is the devil. And he's not nervous about false doctrine. He's nervous about real doctrine about the truth. He gets nervous when the when the presence of God is there. He gets nervous. Have you ever wondered why kids will start getting really upset and start crying and want to and disruptive? Why do they do that during the preaching of the word? Because the devil gets nervous and them kids aren't the devil, but they can feel that they that atmosphere is there. Are you with me so far? So, the devil gets nervous. Now, watch. He I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Revelation 12:10, now is come salvation and strength and the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night. Satan is getting preached that all the time, called out by name in church, and it makes him nervous because he knows it's true. Now look, and they overcame him. Hallelujah. I love how it puts it in the past tense here. They overcame him by the blood of the lamb. It was a prophecy that's become a history in our lives. They overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. I love the fact that we're seeing testimonies come across the pulpit. We want to see more of that because that's how you overcome the devil is by the by the word of your testimony. And they love not their lives unto the death. Therefore, rejoice ye heavens, ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabitants of the earth and of the sea. For the devil has come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knows, he knoweth that he hath but a short time. He's angry. He's more angry than you are when your wife makes you late. He's more angry than than you can even hardly imagine or fathom. Satan is literally having a fit. We Come on, church. We don't like to think. We like to think about the devil great all powerful thing and well, he just made me do it. You know, I couldn't help it and he just kind of, you know, just a devil, man. if he just would leave me alone, I'd be okay. Well, the Bible says, "Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world." And at some point, we're going to quit making excuses and say, "Lord, I know you're greater." The devil's already worried that one day you'll wake up and realize who you are. That you are the bride of Jesus Christ. That you are the elect of God. You know why he's always telling you you can't make it? But Elena, he's always telling you that you're not good enough or you can't make it because he knows better. He knows you're going to make it. He knows you're going to be there. He knows that. He knows that you c you're going to cast him out. He knows that you're going to put your foot on his neck. He knows that. He He got a better revelation of it than many of us. He knows it. And if you could ever discover that, if you could ever recognize I'm going to make it. I'm going to be there. I'm a child of God. No matter what the devil does, he can't keep me out of heaven because he's done been kicked out of heaven. Glory to God. Satan's having a fit. Because he knows. Amen. How does he know? The same way we know. Say, see now, Satan can't read your mind. You know that he can't know your heart. That's right. Do you know that? Brother Brandham says, "If I'm planning on doing something," he said, "I know better than to tell anybody about it." Not that that person would tell it, but Satan will hear it. He can't get it in my heart as long as God has got it closed up with the Holy Spirit. So that's between me and God. He don't know nothing about it until you speak it and then he hears it. So he sits there. Can you imagine Satan sitting there waiting to see if the seals would be revealed? Got his notepads, you know. Oh no, he says and brother Brandham starts to preach and tell about that white horse rider. Can you imagine what that must have made him feel like when brother Brandham said I was about to make an awful mistake but he said the Lord come to me the angel come to me and told me what it was and he said it wasn't what I preached before that it was uh it was Christ with a on a white horse. He said but this is the antichrist. And the devil's like, "Oh, no." You imagine how nervous he got. What if these people realized, "Oh, church. What if they realized that denomination come from me that I I I created all this stuff or or I or I deformed all of this, the church, into a denomination, and I I've I've caused all of this. What if they found out that they're free? What if they found out, church?" I believe he's anxious tonight because I believe there's some people about to find out that they're free. I believe there's some people that are going to find out one day that I'm not bound by a preacher. I'm not bound by a church. I'm not bound by a denominational system. I'm not bound by drugs and alcohol. I'm not bound by the things of the world. I've been freed by the blood of the lamb. And Satan is anxious right now because he knows if you find that out, he's in trouble. I just imagine him hearing that for the first time. said, "Oh no. Oh no." They found out it was me. Brother Brandon said, "You don't know nothing about it till you speak it." And then he said, "I watch the devil cut off every will he can to get there to beat me to it. But if I get the revelation from God, just don't say nothing about it." Then it's different. That's why Brother Brown is so cautious in the seventh seal. And he says it won't be revealed to the public until that time. And then he goes out and the seven seal is manifested and proved in brother Brandham's ministry in in in in his remaining sermons. And people say, "Well, he just never never preached it, never did it." No, there's one thing we don't know. That's the day and the hour. Right? That's all we don't know. But everything else we know, if anybody knows the seals are open, Satan does. That's why he tries to tell people that they're not. If anybody knows the word has been revealed and the book has been open, Satan does. He realizes how much trouble he's in because he was cast out of heaven and now he knows he has but a short time. So, so he's walking around in his Eden having a nervous fit waiting for the rapture of the church cuz the part that we don't know, he don't know. Amen. You think that keeps him up at night? I don't know if a devil sleeps. I guess he don't have to, but can you imagine how much worry there must be in his mind because he don't know, brother Stewart, he don't know. He realizes a lot more than most people that that it's all done except for the resurrection that we're just waiting on the resurrected saints and he knows that. And so he's watching and he's waiting and he's looking for it. But oh my, but he won't even see it. It'll it will just disappear. He won't know till we're gone. Glory to God. Hallelujah. But but he he's waiting on it. He's anxious. See, the word of God is a discerner of the thoughts intents of the heart. Satan is not. Satan can't do that. But he does study the word and he's anxious because he is a student of the scriptures. Brother Brandham tells us now not to know the Bible is life. Although it's wonderful to know the Bible, but did you know Satan was a Bible student? He said he proved it in the debate with our Lord. He was good. And to know the Bible is not life. To know your catechism is not life. To know your theology is not life. But to know him is life. Know the author of this book is life. Again, he said Satan knows the word better than any student in the world. That don't make him saved. Come on, young people. That don't make you saved just because you know the word. You've been taught the word. Many of you know more about the word than a lot of people do. A lot of grown-ups do. But that don't mean you're saved. You got to be born again the same way the grown-ups were. The same way we all were. Whether you're young or old, you got to be born again. Well, what if Satan read? He he he not only read it, but he was there, right? When when God put a curse between the serpent, the seed of the serpent and the seed of the woman in Genesis 3:15, where he said, "I will put enmity between thee and the woman, between thy seed and her seed. It shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel." He not only heard it, he felt the bruise. Glory to God. He knows what it was like to think he had almost won. To be rejoicing, having a party in hell, that he thought that Jesus had died on the cross and that it was all going to be okay and he was going to be okay and be able to do what he had done. And he hears a knock on the door. He knows what it's like to get kicked out of his own house. He knows what it's like to get evicted. You talk about a nervous guy. He's homeless because the keys were taken away from him. Now, come on, church. He only heard the curse, he felt the bruise. His head was crushed at Calvary. And he'd become weak and impotent and unable to do anything but be a bluff. Amen. Come on. He he reads Isaiah 14. Where where the prophet speaks, he said, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning. How art thou cut down to the ground which is weakened the nations? For thou has said in thy heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, the sights of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell." He believes that and he trembles at it. Said, "Brother Ben, why would you be excited about that?" Because that's my adversary. That's the one who caused me all the trouble that's ever been in my life. That's the one who created this Satan's Eden. That's the one who gave us these bodies of the humiliation. That's the one who caused sickness and death and everything else. That's the one who separates from our loved ones, us from our loved ones. That's the one who creates differences and and problems and situations in our lives. That's the one who makes anger and fear and all of those things. But I'm here to tell you that he don't have very long. He not got very long to do what he's doing because he said, "Thou shalt be brought down to hell." They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, and did shake kingdoms, that made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof, that open not the houses of his prisoners? All the kings of the nations, even all of them lie in glory, everyone in his own house. But thou art cast out of thy grave like an abominable branch, as the raignment of those that are slain, thrust through with a sword that go down the stones of the pit, as a carcass trotten under their feet. Thou shalt not be joined with them in burial, because thou hast destroyed thy land and slain thy people. The seed of evildoers shall never be renowned. He reads that and trembles. Do we believe this, church? Come on. Ezekiel 28:15, he reads this. Thou was perfect in thy ways, from the day that thou was created till iniquity was found in thee. By the multitude of thy merch, thou have filled the midst of thee with violence. Thou has sinned. Therefore, I will cast thee as profane out of the mountain of God, and I will destroy thee, oh covering cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire. Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty. Thou has corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness. I will cast thee to the ground. I will lay thee before kings that they may behold thee. Amen. Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitude of thy iniquities by thy iniquity of thy traffic. Therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee. It shall devour thee. I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth and the sight of all of them. Behold thee. All they that know thee among the people shall be astonished at thee. Thou shalt be a terror. Now notice what he says. I love this. And never someone say never shalt thou be anymore. Hallelujah. Now, one of the great revelations that we've been given in this day is that hell is not eternal. Right? Why? He told the devil, "Never shalt thou be anymore." 2 Thessalonians 1:9 tells us that that the angels that will be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, from the glory of his power. But but look here, the fallen angels. But look look look look what happens here. Destruction that word uh that word destruction punished with everlasting destruction in the Hebrew is or in the Greek and and the Hebrew equivalent as well is the termination of something by causing so much damage to it that it cannot be repaired or no longer exists. So how can something be punished with everlasting destruction? Everlasting is a length of time, right? It's a long time, but not eternal, right? It's everlasting destruction. So, what's eternal is the fact that he will no longer exist. Hallelujah. Look at Matthew 25:41. Then shall he also say also unto them on the left hand, depart from you cursed into everlasting fire prepared for the devil and his angels. So the hell was created for the devil and his angels. It was not created for you. Listen to me. We do not serve God because we're afraid of hell. Hell was not created for the Christian. Hear it with me today. Hell was not created with you. For you. It was created for the devil and for his angels. Right? So we don't serve God out of a out of a fear. I don't want to go to hell, so I'll serve God. That's not why we serve God. We serve God because we love God. We were created to serve God. We were created to worship God. Hell was created. It's not eternal. And these bodies are not eternal. They were created. But the spirit of God is eternal. It never had a beginning. It never has an end. Hallelujah. He said it never has an end. And the only way we can have eternal life from that Greek word Zoe, which means God's own life, he said we have we become a part of God. We become sons and daughters of God. And we have aonious life. Aonius life. He says, "So the part that lives us that recognize this word from here to there that recognizes is aonious life. Life without end. It's God's own life in us." That's the Greek word. Aonius, eternal, long-lasting. Describing the nature of something as enduring or eternal. Hallelujah. It describes something as lasting or enduring the age. The devil does not have that kind of life. It's nowhere in the scripture. That's right. He'll suffer for a long time, but he doesn't have eternal life. And he knows it. The devil can read Greek. Come on, church. He knows what that means. Look at Jude 6. And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation. That be would be demons, angels, fallen angels that left their first estate. He has reserved an everlasting chains. Now watch. Everlasting. everlasting but not eternal. Everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day. I went and looked up that word everlasting and it says a continual describes eternal continual describes a continuing period of time. But it it it says it describes Aodius power along with his God's power and his divine nature. But in Jude 6, he said the bondage in which the fallen angels are kept until the judgment day. It appears the word does not mean for all of time since there's an ending point. The ending point is the day of judgment. So it's everlasting to the judgment day. See, Satan knows about judgment day. And he trembles about it. We shouldn't tremble because we are judged here by the word. We were judged in the body of Christ. We don't have to be judged at the white throne judgment. It should not shake us, church, when we hear about the white throne judgment. But it does make him nervous. Sure it does. He knows about judgment day. Malachi 4:1 said, "For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yeah, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble, and the day that cometh shall burn them up, say the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch. They'll be completely annihilated, completely done away with." He knows that Jesus came, and the devil knows better than anybody that Jesus did not fall when he was tempted. Oh, I love that. The devil many times has tempted you, hasn't he? He's tempted me. But he knows that the one that we trust, Hallelujah. The one whose blood was shed on Calvary did not fall when he was tempted. He tempted him in all like manner. The Bible says, like he does us. But he did not fall. He was there when he tempted him. And he said, "It's written." But Jesus said, "It's also written." He knows that that that that he did not fall like other men. He was there in the realms of the lost, as we said, celebrating with his demons when he heard a knock on the door. And brother Brandon said, "I can hear him say, "Satan, I'm the virgin born son of God. My blood's still wet on the cross. I've met every just requirement for Adam's fallen race, and I've come down here to conquer and take over." He takes the keys off of his side. How do we know he has the keys? Revelation 1:18. Satan knows this, too. He said, "I'm he that liveth and was dead. And behold, I am alive forever more." Amen. And I have the keys of hell and of death. He had to take those away from Satan. Makes him anxious. You ever been in a house? I grew up in a house that had no key. There had been a key. It was a It was a master key, one of those old skeleton keys, and it was lost. At some point during my childhood, we never had a key to our own house. And we were never anxious about it. At least I wasn't. Mom might have been, but I never worried about that. Dad didn't even own a gun most of the time. We didn't worry about it. It was just the kind of area we lived in. Oh my. But Satan is concerned. Because hell is not safe. Come on, church. He don't live in a safe neighborhood. He come to church tonight, but it's not a safe neighborhood. It's like us going to Memphis, you know? It's just we give him too much credit, church. He is not in a safe neighborhood. He come to church tonight because he got to he just something about he he's got to afflict you. He's got to persecute you. He's got to accuse you. So he comes and sits in the in the church with us and he tries to see what he can bring up and what he can bring to mind. But don't you know when he hears the word how anxious and nervous and upset and angry that he gets because he hears Jesus still saying, "I have the keys of hell and death." No wonder the devil gets mad when we repeat the promises of the word because he knows those promises include that he is going to be done away with. He don't have the keys to his own house. Do you know what that means, brother Peter? Do you know what that means, young men? Do you know what that means, young Hades? It means he cannot hold. Hallelujah. Remember what that what Isaiah said about him or or Ezekiel said about him? He said, "You you held your prisoners, wouldn't let them go." But when he had the keys taken away, he cannot hold one prisoner in the house of hell. Hallelujah. He does. He's a prisoner in his own church, in his own prisoner house. He cannot hold one seat of God. He cannot hold one soul released by the mighty conqueror in the house of hell. Makes him anxious when he realizes that he's anxious about us. Sure is. He sees the maturity of the bride. Yeah. That's why he's always influencing preachers, people, leave, go away, don't believe it anymore because it scares him that he sees the bride finally coming into maturity. So, he's trying to do everything he can to keep that from happening, to cause us to go back maybe to another age or another time. But I'm not going back. I'm going forward. My heart's been restored back and now I'm going forward to the top of the tree to where oranges are are produced again. He confused Satan confused doctrine and denominations. But he knows this. Romans 16:20. He's anxious about us because Paul wrote and said, "The God of peace shall bruise Satan." Amen. He knows what it feels like to be bruised and he's about to be bruised again. The God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. Hallelujah. Oh, can we just believe that, church? The devil believes it and is anxious about it. If he believes it, I'm not going to hold you along tonight, but if he believes it and he's anxious about it, shouldn't we believe it and be happy about it? Shouldn't we believe the word of God and be willing to say, "Lord, I believe." Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He knows. Malachi 4:5, "Behold, I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." And he ties those two together in a way maybe that we even don't. And he says, "I know if Elijah comes, my day is short." Right? Now, look. So, he says, he it's a student of the scripture, remember, a Bible student. And he said, "I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the coming dreadful day of the Lord." And Satan's looking. He says, "That can't be John. There must be another one." Now look how Satan tries to stop the work of God. Look what he did to brother Brandon. God allowed him to take brother Brandon's wife and baby. And brother Brandham sitting there. I want to speak to something for just a moment. The reason brother Brandon was in the condition he was in is because Satan was so anxious about what God might do through that ministry. He's about to get bruised. So what Satan did is he tried to get brother Brandham to take things in his own hands. You remember stuck a pistol to his head. Oh God. Well, he was a lineman. He's kind of get up there on a on a on a high wire and he tried to put his hand up on the line and God protected him. Why? Because Satan will not thwart the plan of God. Let me tell you, the reason Satan's making you depressed, the reason Satan's making you anxious, the reason he's making you think thoughts about suicide and things like that is because he's anxious about what God might do in your life. He's nervous about what hope you can just receive it today. He's nervous about what God might do in your life. And so he tries to get you to take things in your own hands. Amen. That's good. Oh my. He knew that if this ministry got started, he was in trouble. Yeah, he lost in battle over and over again because he knew Malachi 4:6, he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers as I come and smite the earth with a curse. He knew that would happen and so he lost in battle over and over again. This is brother Brandon praying for a deaf woman, woman who couldn't hear. He said, "Thou art here, Lord, and this devil knows that his time has come." Hallelujah. And brother Brandham didn't even have to it didn't have to work up a a a thing. I was watching one of the other healing evangelists, the old time healing evangelist said and boy, he was working with somebody in a wheelchair and he worked it up and worked it up and worked it up and worked it up. Brother Brennham didn't have to do that. He prayed for the lady. He said, "This devil knows." Hallelujah. This devil knows that it's time. Wonder if he knows today that it's time has come. It's time to hold you with pornography is over. It's time to hold you with suicide is over. It's time to hold you with ungodliness is over. It's time to hold you with false doctrine is over. Why? Because the word has come to set you free. Hallelujah. Can we believe that today? Amen. He said this devil knows that his time has come to this woman entering into this sphere of faith here. He knows he's got to lose. He can't hold her any longer. Thou death spirit, come out of her. In the name of Jesus Christ, I charge thee to leave the woman. The woman was healed. He actually spoke and she heard him. Hallelujah. Again, he said, and we can find this all through the message, but just a couple of examples. He said, "Heavenly Father, in the name of thy son, the Lord Jesus Christ, I rebuke the devil." He said, "There are people's faith arising in such a way that now Satan knows." Brother Brandham said, "It's getting real milky over the audience. I can see just a faith bank over the building." And Satan says, "Oh no." Oh no. He hears you say amen to the word of God. He hears you. He sees that hand go up. He says, "Oh no, help." He does. There are people's fa rising in such a way that now Satan knows that he's lived his day. Soon he shall receive his judgment and tonight. Hallelujah. Just broke my glasses tonight. Hallelujah. Tonight. How many can say tonight? Tonight. Hallelujah. He will have to leave these people. He knows his his his day is coming. But tonight, he'll have to lead these people. Glory to God. Why? Because the word says so. Amen. Hallelujah. He said, "Resist the devil and he'll flee from you." He said, "Come out of them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ as the church of the living God, as the newborn babes in Christ with the name of the Lord Jesus to execute judgment upon evil powers. I say by the authority of God's word come from the people in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah. Again, brother Brown, this is in the church age book. He said, I wish you could stand with me and see the faces of people when Satan knows he's going to be exposed. He said, now it it isn't the people that I'm talking about. It's that Satan has got a hold in their lives through sin, indifference, and disease, but you should see their faces. Oh my. We won't get into that too deep. But Satan knows. Satan knows. And he even the people's countenance has changed. Satan is afraid. Yeah. Hallelujah. He said Satan knows he's going to be exposed and the most peculiar changes come over the people's countenance. Satan is afraid. He knows that the spirit of God is about to let the people know of his works. That is why he hates these meetings so much. Hallelujah. He hated when people got together and faith was high. Right. And I was sitting there at at youth camp here a few weeks ago and that's when this sermon come to me because brother uh well, brother Brandham did this from time to time and I can do this. Brother Timothy Puit was preaching and he just cast a kind of a side comment. He said, "Satan's the one who's anxious because he knows his time's coming." And I thought, there it is. He's more anxious than I've ever been. Listen, can I be just open with you? I've struggled with anxiety since I was a kid. I've always and Peter's been afflicted with that and and struggle with that. I I struggled with that so bad that when I first started preaching, I couldn't hold a microphone. I couldn't stand up in front of people. I I was so nervous that I couldn't hardly do it. And I just, you know, I had only one way to preach. I had to preach with all my heart because otherwise I'd fall apart. And so, it's just the way that I was. and and from time to time, Satan will still try to bring that back on me. But I know this, he's more nervous than I am. If I get up and preach the word of God, he's much more nervous than I've ever been. I don't like crowds, but Satan really don't like crowds. He don't like to be around a crowd of believers that believe the word of God and all these licks of fire come together. He hates it when you go to church cuz he knows his time is short. That's why he tries so hard to keep you out of the house of God. Satan is afraid. Hallelujah. He said he hates the book of Revelation, the book of Genesis, because it exposes him. He said he knows that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he changes not. He knows that a whole lot more than do 90% of the theologians. He knows that since God is immutable in his nature, he is just as immutable in his ways. Thus, Satan knows assuredly that the original church at Pentecost with the power of God, Mark 16 in action is the true church that Jesus claims as his own. All else is false. It has to be. He said, "Now remember this, Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of Acts." But the book of Revelation shows how the Antichrist spirit would come to the church and defile it, making it lukewarm, formal, and powerless. It exposes Satan, revealing his works, the attempted destruction of God's people, and the discrediting of God's word right down to the time he is cast into the lake of fire. He fights that. He cannot stand it. That's why he tries so hard to keep you from hearing it. He tries so hard to keep you from listening to tapes. He don't care if you listen to podcasts, YouTube, movies, but you turn on the voice of a prophet, see if Satan don't fight. Why? It exposes him. Hallelujah. Exposes him, brother David. He can't stand it. He knows. Amen. That if the people get the true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for and that she can do the greater work, she will be an invincible army. Glory to God. That's you and I today. He knows that. Do you know that? Do we know that, church? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If revelation can make Satan anxious, brother Bruce, shouldn't that same revelation give us peace? See, if there were two nations and one knew that they were going to be invaded and it was just about to happen, they were going to be at war and they were going to be destroyed. And somehow they knew that. And another nation knew and was sure that they would not be invaded. Wouldn't that give the nation that was sure that their their their future was secure, wouldn't that give them peace? Oh, church, wouldn't it give that person peace when they know that I'm going to make it and he isn't? And the and the cancer that's bothered me has an end, but but I'll have no end. And the anxiety that's bothered me has an end, but I got no end. And the devil that's caused me all this problems got an end, but I've got no end. Amen. Amen. She can realize she can do the greater work. She will be an invincible army. If his anxiety is a symptom of his knowledge and belief of God's word, what if we could believe that same word about ourselves in Jeremiah 29:11, he said, "I know the thoughts that I think towards you. He never said you were going to be done away with." Come on, church. He never said you were going to be annihilated. He never said that the bride wasn't going to make it. But what did he say? I know the thoughts. thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Psalms 33:11 says, "The counsel of the Lord standeth forever." Hallelujah. The thoughts of his heart to all, someone say, "All generations." Isaiah 26:3, "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee, because he trustth in thee." I say, "Lord, take me up in your arms. Let me trust you. Because I need that peace. Brother Brandham taught us when the weakest of saints goes to their knees in prayer, the devils tremble. Why? They know their time is short. Hallelujah. He gets nervous. When we get in an atmosphere of faith, he gets so nervous that he asks for help. Did you know that brother Brandham is talking? He's talking to a woman and a man who are both suffering with stomach trouble and a nervous condition. A stomach trouble caused by a nervous condition. And you can find that related all through the message. Those of you who have suffered with that, I have that it's it's it's correlated. Right? I had a a doctor tell me, a specialist tell me said if you would quit your job, your trouble would be over. this job. I'm not about to quit. It's just the devil, right? But brother Brandon tied those two things together. He said, "Here's a black streak between I'm telling you those things. I I don't want to you think I I'm fine, but I want you to tell I want to tell you those things because I want you to believe there there's been a healing for me and help for me, and I'm able to stand up here and do what I do and function in spite of all the devil's tried to do to me. If he can do that for me, if he can do it for brother Brandham, he can do it for you today. Let's make him nervous tonight. Let's believe the word. Let's get him all in a fit. Brother Bren talked to this woman and this man both suffering with that condition of nervous with stomach trouble. And he said, "Here's a black streak between him and her." He said, ' That's that devil screaming for mercy. We used to play this game called mercy. You get like this and you grab somebody's hands. Anybody ever done that? You know, other rednecks in here have done that. You take your hands like this and you just twist it. I was really good at it because I learned if you do it fast, you could really hurt somebody. And makes me sound like a bully, doesn't it? But I just learned how to do that. And they while I'm teaching these kids bad manners, bad things. You can tell. But we grab like that and then you you twist and somebody say, "Mercy, mercy." Then it was over. But you proved, you know, your dominance as a 10-year-old, you know. Oh my. That's why these kids are always doing this, you know, arm wrestling. But you realize that devil. Hallelujah. I The other day, sorry. The other day I I was at my house and the kids were arm wrestling and stuff and my daughter was convinced she'd beat Trip, not Esther. Melody. Anyway, she didn't. And they tried to get Trip to arm wrestle me. I said, "This ain't going to work." You know, I I don't have that high tolerance for pain, you know. Used to I'd do that till my arm would break. I can't do that anymore. Of course, he beat me. But look, I was by the time I was done, I'm like, I'm done, man. I have mercy. It's over. I'm done. You realize the devil's doing that tonight. God got him in such a chokeold. And when when a prophet stood there calmly and and just standing there in the pulpit and he said, "Here's a devil." And he don't he realized he's been exposed and even them calling out for mercy exposed him further. And so he said it's the devil screaming for mercy. He said you see he's calling to other spirits like I call for people to pray. So brother Brandon would say during the prayer lines he say now everyone pray. Everyone be in prayer. He wasn't just saying that. You realize when we tell you to pray one for another it's important that you do right? It's important that you do that because Satan's in the room, but God is in the room. When you pray for one another, what what what the preacher is doing is asking for help. I I need your help. And with your help, we can we can cast this thing out. We can get rid of all this all this problems and things, the sicknesses and stuff. If you'd help me, if your faith would increase with mine, and we could together we could we could do something. There's power in that. Where two or three agree on any one thing, he said nothing will be denied you. And so we know that that's true and the devil knows that that's true. But the devil, he said he he calls out to other spirits like I call for people to pray. He said be in prayer. See this demon calling for mercy. He said it's both the same thing. So the devil of nervousness and this woman when he when he when he s told it what it was, it screamed out help. I don't know how a devil talks, you know. Help. That's kind of a high-pitched devil right there. mercy. Oh my, pray for me. Like the little boy, I don't know if it's true or not, but someone said a little boy left the church and and uh as he walked out the the door, I think it's from this area of the story, he walked out the door and he hauled out, "Pray for me." He's about to go get a whooping. The devil's crying out, "Pray for me. Help me." But he's no match for being exposed by God's word. He said, "See that this demon's calling for mercy." Supposed the same thing. Sir, lady, the black streak's gone. The devil's defeated. You're both healed. Go home and be well in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. All that he did by calling out to mercy was expose himself in another life. Hallelujah. So that that one could be delivered, too. Listen, we're not afraid of any devil. We're not afraid of any of any sickness. We're not afraid of any any disease. We're not afraid of any life that's been messed up. We believe a God that can change all of that. Hallelujah. He's nervous because he's been exposed. Can you imagine how bored he's going to be during the tribulation period? That's just a thought I had. It's You talk about bored. He ain't got nothing to do for a thousand years. And when the thousand years are expired in Revelation 27, Satan will be loosed out of his prison, go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth. Gog and Magog together them together to battle number of whom is as the sand of the sea. They went upon the breath of the earth and passed the camp of the saints about the beloved city and fire came down from God out of heaven and devoured them. Hallelujah. And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone where the beasts and the false prophet are and shall be tormented day and night forever and ever. Look, going to be tormented. There's a great white throne judgment. Finally, a new heaven and a new earth, our future home. And no devil. Hallelujah. Not a big devil, not a little devil, no devil. He'll be done away with root and branch. Listen to me as I close as the musicians come. Satan knows that he will pay for every accusation he has made. And I know you're listening to me tonight and you're thinking, "Well, some of them was true." Not if you've been washed by the blood. Amen. Amen. Amen. Right? It's not a true accusation anymore. That's why we better be careful what we repeat about people because when we when we gossip about people, we might be repeating something that's under the blood. And if it is, we become the devil's ally to to say something that's actually on him, right? Because brother Brandham talked about how sin is dropped like a like a drop of ink dropped into a tub of bleach. Hallelujah. And he said the coloring of sin goes back through the mediators down through the time. Amen. Until it hits the accuser, Satan, and lays on him till the day of judgment. It's not only done away with, he not only forgets it, but the sin is actually so broken up that it goes back on its original owner. Hallelujah. The one who started sin in heaven, the one who began it in the first place, it goes back on him. And everything that you did, yes, you actually did it. But in the mind of God, it's been forgiven. And and the bleach of God's blood is so powerful that he will be punished. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm so thankful for that today. No wonder he's scared. No wonder the devil is anx got an anxiety problem. No wonder he's nervous. But it ought to bring great peace to the bride of Jesus Christ to know no matter what anybody says about me, I'm the bride. No matter what anybody No matter what anybody thinks about me, I'm still the bride. No matter what I even did, right? Hallelujah. I'm still his. I was washed by the blood. I was there when he saved me. And I guess I ought to know that my sins have been washed by the blood. And if they've been washed by the blood, they've been dropped in that tub of bleach. And they'll never Someone say it with me tonight. Never be remembered against me anymore. Hallelu. Do you believe it, church? If you believe it, then let's make let's make the devil anxious. Let's worship God with all of our hearts. and say, "Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief." If the if the devil knows the blood works and trembles at that fact, how much more should we know and rejoice? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, church, let's pray. Heavenly [Music] Father, Hallelujah. I've I've said all I can say. Lord, I pray that you'd help me today. Lord, I I I need that in my life. I need that assurance, at peace every day, Lord. Every day the devil tries to come and steal it away, but I have my rights, Lord. And and Satan has no rights to my mind, to my body. I I pray right now it would be cast out. I pray for each one of these people, Lord, Lord, that have believed your word. May peace come in where anxiety and fear and struggle and depression was, Lord. May peace come in where suicide was and every other thought, Lord, that'll be against you. I pray it'd be cast out today because we know that Satan has been exposed by the preaching of the word, by us preaching what a prophet taught. Satan has been has been exposed, Lord, today. And I believe he's nervous and he's anxious and he's worried. Lord, I pray you'd help us that we'd make him so nervous. He'd have to leave this place and leave our homes, leave our minds. Oh God, I pray you'd grant him every time he'd come around, we'd we'd we we'd tell him where he's going until he has to just go there on his own. I pray you'd grant that, Lord. I pray you'd move move in every mind, every heart, every home. Help us, Lord. What Satan tries to keep us from doing that would help us and heal us. I pray that you would help us to do that. Lord, realize that's the very best medicine is your word, Lord. Not just to read it and study it like Satan does, but to believe it from our heart. He can't do that. Pray you grant it, Lord. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Can we just stand and worship him tonight? If you need prayer, I'll be glad to pray with you, but let's just worship [Music] him. Oh yes. Oh, I can face tomorrow. Oh, just sing it, church, with all your heart now. Because he lives. Oh, it's our resurrection song. Because he lives, all fear is gone. Hallelujah. Oh, don't you love him? Oh, because I know. Oh, yeah. Yes, I know he holds my [Music] future. Oh, make it personal now. Oh, my life is worth the living. Oh yes, because he liv. Sing that chorus again with all your heart now. Because he lives. As brother Allen comes, because he lives. Let's just worship him, church. He's worthy of all of our praise. Oh, I can face. Hallelujah. Tomorrow. Oh, yes. Oh, because he lives. Thank you, Lord. All my fear is gone because I know. [Music] Yes, I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Let's sing that first verse. his son. They called him [Music] Jesus. He came to [Music] love here and land for [Music] We [Music] live to by my [Music] part and grave is there to prove myior lives. With our hands lifted to it, Oh, because he [Music] lives. Oh, I can face [Music] tomorrow because he [Music] lives. All my fear is gone. Because I know, yes, I know he owns my future and life is worth the living just because He lives. Oh, he's alive. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same [Music] yesterday. Oh, today and forever. Jesus is alive and well with all our hearts. Oh, he's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same [Music] yesterday, and [Music] forever. Jesus is alive and well. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. St. He ain't got good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Oh, ain't God good. [Music] We are to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot. One more time before we go [Music] awayless. That's what we are. We ought to thank him and praise him a little more today. and a whole lot [Music] more blessings.
