################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-17 - Bro. Nathan Erickson 8/17/25 Sunday Morning Service - Nathan Erickson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-17
Title:   Bro. Nathan Erickson 8/17/25 Sunday Morning Service
Speaker: Nathan Erickson
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxK2GX-0HNw
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Holy, holy are you Lord. We're singing holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh, the elders and angels bow the redeemed. We worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Sing the chorus again. Oh, we sing it. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. We're singing holy, holy, holy, you Lord. Holy elders and angels bow the redeemed we worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you. Oh, just hear the sound of heaven. It's like the sound of many waters. It's the sound of worship coming from the throne. Oh cries of adoration as men from every nation. Oh we lift our voice to make his glory known. singing, holy, holy. Can you worship him this morning? Holy are you, Lord. Oh, [Music] you [Music] build [Music] we worship you now. [Music] Oh, sing the chorus one more time with all your heart. [Music] We sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, Lord. We're singing holy, holy, holy are you. [Music] [Applause] Angels b the redee. We worship you now. Holy are you, Lord. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Oh, here we are in your presence. [Music] We're lifting holy hands to you. [Music] And here we are [Music] praiseing Jesus for all the things he's brought us through. Can we just praise him this morning for what he's done for us? Oh, here we are [Music] in your presence. We're lifting holy hands to you. [Music] Oh, here we are praising Jesus for all the things he's brought us through. Aren't you thankful to be able to praise him this morning? And I love you. Well, I love Jesus. Oh, he's my savior. [Music] Oh, he's my shelter. And where he leads me, I will follow. And I love Jesus. And he loves me. Oh yes, I love Jesus. He's my savior. [Music] He's my me. Oh, I will follow. I love Jesus and he loves me. Well, I love Jesus. Well, he's my savior. He's my sh. Oh, I will follow and I love Jesus. Well, I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, I will follow. Oh, I love Jesus. Let me hear you sing it one time. [Applause] I love Jesus and he loves me. Give the Lord another hand. Well, I love him better every day. Oh yes, I love him better every day. Well, close by his side, I will. [Music] I love him every day. We're singing. I love him better every day. Oh, I love him better every day. close by his side. I will find I love you better. One more time with all your hearts. We're singing I love you every day. Yes, I know every day by singing I love you sound good this morning. Sing it one more time. I love [Music] my [Music] I will abide. I love him better every day. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. I'm going to add one more in. I sing because I'm happy. Are you happy this morning &gt;&gt; to be in the house of the Lord? I know some of y'all are tired, so we'll speed it up for just a moment. Amen. Are you real happy to be in the house of the Lord? Give the Lord another hand. Clap of praise this morning. Well, I sing because I'm happy. Oh yes, I see. Because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. Well, his eyes on the SP and I know I know he watches all your hearts now. Yes, I free. Yes, I'm free. Well, his eyes is on the SP and I know I know he watches one more time. Oh yes, I see because I'm happy. Oh yes, I sing because I'm so free. Yes, I'm free. Well, his eyes on the SP and I know I know he watches. Let me hear you sing it again. [Applause] [Music] Oh yes, I see. Because I'm happy. Oh yes, I see. [Music] And I know I know he's watching over me. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. Amen. Good to see each and every one of you here as the ushers would come this morning. And we have a lot of requests this morning. So, I'll just read them and uh like to see if Brother Jeremy, good to have you back, buddy. I'm going to have you take these needs to the Lord this morning. And uh please pray for Brother Walt Morgan. Uh he made it through hip surgery and is in recovery and also uh be in prayer for sister Alice as well. Uh just thank the Lord that he made it through that. Okay. I believe he's in Jonesboro there at the hospital. He fell yesterday for those that didn't know and and broke his hips. So just remember him in prayer. Also, Sister Clelet is sick. Brother David White is out sick. And so just remember them in prayer. Also, Sister Sander Graves is homesick this morning. And also, Brother Danny Ward is out as well this morning. So, just remember all these needs in prayer. And if you have a need on your heart this morning, would you make it known by an uplifted hand? Brother Jeremy, come and make take these needs to the Lord. Let's bow our hearts. Lord, we love you, Father, and we thank you again for this opportunity that you've given us, Lord, just to gather together with brothers and sisters of like precious faith, Lord. Not to not to come together as a social event or Lord, to to hear from a man, Lord, but we come to hear from you, Father. Lord, for the word's eternal, Lord, we come bringing these needs before you, Lord. There's a lot of sickness in the land, Lord. We pray that you would come by each one, Lord, that you would touch him, Lord. For our brother Walt, Lord, with this hurt hip, I pray, Lord, that you would you would just bring peace to his body, Father. I pray, Lord, that you would just move freely among us, Lord. That Father, that the needs in our heart will just pull the minister off of his notes, Lord, to give us what we're in need of, Father. I pray, Lord, that we can leave our thoughts and the cares of this world at the door, Father. That we could just focus on you, Lord. that you would just draw us closer to you and everything we do. It's in Jesus name we pray. &gt;&gt; He's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. And now every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. [Music] I put my life one more time. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. How many believes that this morning? He's got it all in control. [Music] He put that reur [Music] way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all. One more time with all your hearts now. Put my life in his hands. But I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. [Applause] And now I want I'm sure it's still his plan. I put my life in his hand. Well, I'm going home. Oh, I'm going to. [Music] And I'm going where I belong. [Music] Well, I've always been a strangeanger here. [Music] But now I'm going going home. How many is looking forward to that day here this morning? Well, I'm going home. [Music] Oh, I'm going. [Music] And I'm going where I belong. I've always been [Music] a strangeanger here. Oh, but now I'm going going home. One more time as Mr. Lori gets ready to sing. Oh yes, I'm going home. Yes, we are. And I'm going to [Music] I'm going where I You believe it this morning. Where I'm always be. [Music] Amen. How how many appreciated our youth banquet last night? &gt;&gt; Amen. Pull them words up to good old gospel ship, brother Robert. Yeah. Please. Thank you, buddy. Amen. Appreciate all the youth that have stayed over this morning. Would you give them a nice hand? Good to have you, buddy. To have them all here with us and and just make you all yourselves at home this morning. and the young ladies here. God bless you. Thank you for staying with us and and uh we appreciate all of our give all of our young people a nice hand. They did wonderful last night. Sister Anna, just as soon as they're done, if you and and the girls will get ready to sing or however that whoever is singing in your group, you may just get ready right at them. God bless you. I have to bring that sing all my joy with you. I share. I'm going to take the truth in that good old gospel ship and go sailing through the air. I'm going to take a trip on that lost ship. I'm going far. I'm going to shout and sing until the heaven while I world. [Applause] You have no cost to me. For Christ I am. Oh my go you my sior go. I'm going far beyond the sky. I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens while I'm in this world. [Applause] [Music] Oh, I can't hardly wait. I know. I'm going to spend a time in prayer. And when my ship comes in, I will leave this world. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. While I'm in this world. [Applause] While I'm in this world, [Applause] [Music] [Music] Mhm. [Music] I'm telling you here is true. Devil, I'm telling you your time here is through. You done beat me down. Turn to your lies. Help me bound but hear my cry. I'm telling you, you're through. I've been walking through the desert, dry as it could be, searching for deliverance since my God set me free. Reach down his hands of mercy. Heard his servants cry. He set you free today. All you got to do is sh I'm telling you your time here is through devil I'm telling you your time here is me down to your lies tell me but hear my cry till I'm telling you God hears you now he sees every tear. Reach out your hands and touch him. Let go of your fear. He wants to set you free. Devil's got to leave. Call on him in faith. Let your near you say I'm telling you your time is devil. I'm telling you your power here is true. It doesn't beat me down to your life. Help me bound. But hear my cry. I'm telling you all through. Oh, I'm free. I said I'm free. I'm going to clap my hands and stomp my feet. Don't let defa [Music] I'm telling you your time reserve heaven you res me down to the Tell me about to hear my cry. I'm telling you. I'm free. I said I'm free. I'm going to clap my hands and stoke my feet. Don't let def. [Music] I'm going to raise my hands and worship. Oh, I'm telling you how it reverses. Devil, I'm telling you, you're not yet hear my cry. I'm telling you you're through. [Music] I'm telling you you're through. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Enjoy that this morning. Give our give our specials a nice hand if you would. young choir. Go ahead and make your way up here. Let's sing uh Look what the Lord has done. Can we do that one while they're while they're here? Well, look what the Lord has done. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He save me. Oh, just in time I'm going to praise his name. And each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. One more time. Oh, we're singing. Look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. Well, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. I'm going to praise his name. And each day he's just the same. Oh, come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Give the Lord a nice hand clap of praise this morning. [Applause] [Music] Turn it all my darkness. Spark my heart with him. His grace and mercy, his compassion consume my soul. A city on a hilltop. I'll shine through the night. I am a living for his glory. I will not hide. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has. &gt;&gt; This love will never be exting [Music] by his power. He steered in me. He steered in me. his spirit in me. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shouting from the rooftop. Shout until he &gt;&gt; Jesus has changed my life and he lifted up his fire burning inside of me. [Music] Lifted high burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning inside of me. I've been touched by the fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shouting from the rooftop shouting till everyone has I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has heard. Shout until he [Applause] Amen. You appreciate our singers this morning. Let's stand together and give them a big hand if you would. Amen. How many's ready for the word of the Lord this morning? Amen. We're going to invite our pastor and then he'll introduce the minister this morning. Amen. We're sure happy to have all of you with us that could a few of you that could stay over. Uh all of our visitors, raise your hand. Visit. Raise your hand. Oh yeah, we got some our Galina kids are here and Moundville, right? Moundville, Missouri. And so we are And this one here from Tennessee. You're not a visitor. You're kind of one of us. But anyway, it's good to have you all. Give our visitors a nice hand as they say sing. Amen. Did you y'all enjoy the banquet and all the hard work that was put into that? Amen. Give all them a nice hand. And one more thing before our pastor comes. Brother Harvey, would you step in the building? Come on, buddy. You know, this man right here outworks everybody. And today he turns 66 years old. So give brother Harvey wonderful man. Amen. We love brother Harvey. Amen. I don't think we could do what we do here in the church without brother Harvey and we're sure proud of him and what he's done for us. And last night he was working right there with the kids and it's just a blessing to the church and we love we sure love brother Harvey. Amen. But as our pastor would come this morning. Let's just sing this with all of our hearts. Make this your prayer to fill my cup. How many needs a refilling this morning? Amen. I believe every one of us do. Oh, fill my cup. I lift it up. Come and wait this thirsting of my soul. Oh bread of heaven, won't you feed me till I want no more? Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Could we sing one more time? Lift your hands to now. Feel my cup of Lord. Oh, I lift it up above. Won't you come and quit? Oh, this thirsting heart of my soul. [Music] Oh bread of heaven, oh won't you feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. they continue to play as we uh going to ask brother Nathan Ericson to come in just a moment and speak to you. We're excited to have him this morning with us. And I wanted to add my thanks to each one that helped. I know some of you are not feeling um uh completely up to par. There's been some kind of cold going around, some are cold, but I appreciate you stepping up and and helping in every way. And we're so thankful. I think it's worth it to do it for these young people. And so we're so thankful for all of you, especially I want to mention Sister Vicki and brother Danny. Thank you for all that you do. And Sister Vicki uh did all the decorating over there, most of it. And Sister Joanna helped her. And then brother Joel and Sister Virginia and for all the work that they did. I know they wear themselves out for the folks here. And so we're thankful for them. Uh Brother Nathan Ericson is with us. He did a wonderful job last night at the banquet. We really enjoyed that. And I believe that that's all right. Go ahead. I believe the word was very very clear to us last night. There there's something in our heart that only Christ, a place that only Christ can fill. And I trust that was a blessing to you young people. But I uh think a lot of brother Nathan, his his attitude towards ministry and the way that he treats people. And we've had a chance to fellowship with him up at the youth camp that they have. And he just got done doing that. So, I know brother Nathan's a little tired and body as well. Let's just give the word our utmost attention this morning. And I believe God's got something for me. He's got something for you. Do you believe that he can speak directly to you? Take the preacher off of his notes and speak directly to you this morning. Amen. God bless you. As brother Nathan comes, let's sing this again. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole. Sing it with all your heart now. Oh, fill my heart. Oh, I lifted. [Music] Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Oh bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Amen. That's certainly our desire this morning. Amen. Uh just looking to him to provide what we have need of today. Just want to say God bless you. Really honored to be here. My first time uh speaking to you all and and uh just uh just really feel honored uh appreciate the friendship that uh we've been able to build with brother Ben and uh and his family and and the saints here over the past few years. And uh just just really appreciate brother Ben, his direction, his wisdom, his stability. And I know you're all blessed here. And I uh we share if the Lord Terry's looking looking forward to a great future for the church here and these families. And boy, it did my heart good to sit back there and and uh and watch on the screen there is what a what a great group of young people you've got here. What a just a what a treasure that is. Amen. Uh just uh you know the future looks bright as the Lord just leads us along. Um I appreciate what the Lord is doing amongst young people. This message uh it's a it's a burden. It's a personal burden of mine to just see uh that they prosper, that they're ministered to. Appreciate Brother Ben this year for being a part of our youth camp, speaking to some of our uh we our our one of our older groups there. We have a special session just for them. Brother Ben was a real blessing with his ministry to that. So, uh, want to say just God bless you and just greet you. We won't take too long. In preliminaries, we'll go right to the word of God. If you want to turn to Matthew chapter 26 and amen, thank you musicians and thank you all for you're welcome. Let me be a part of your banquet. And I'll just add my thanks to the pile for everybody that labored and worked. What a what a what a great production that you put on and and uh what a nice time that we had. And I want to greet you from home from brother Wayne Lawson, our pastor, all the saints back at True Word Tabernacle. Want to turn to Matthew chapter 6. Just read verses 26 to 29 there. Familiar parable. Give me a moment. I'll catch up to you. And uh just ask the Lord to help us this morning. I'd like to consider the lily. &gt;&gt; Consider the lily. Just some simple things Lord has had in my heart here recently. Jesus says, "Behold the fowls of the air, for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feedth them. Are you not much better than they? And which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? Why take ye thought for raignment? Consider the liies of the field, how they grow. They toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not a raid like one of these. And what a beautiful what a beautiful parable there. Let's just go to him in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we would consider the lily today, Father, Lord, one of your original seed, I pray, Father, that you would just come and expound upon these words, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, let us think about the seed that's planted in us, Lord, by your elective love, Father, to predestinate your children, Lord. And I pray, Father, that Lord, as we would look at these simple things, we'd see the Lord, we'd see the depth within them, Lord, the meaning, Lord, just the profound truth, Lord, that you have hidden in your creation, Lord. And Lord, as a man, we have no ability to help your people, Lord, or surely we would, Lord, we're just dependent today on your Holy Spirit. I pray Lord this would not just be another service father but Lord especially thinking of the labor Lord and the burden that has gone into this weekend Lord to bless these young people Father and to Lord to further your kingdom. I just pray Lord you'd reward what's been poured out. I pray your Holy Spirit would take us in your hands Lord and use each one as your instrument father that we would just be in harmony with your symphony Father. We give you the preeminence, Lord. We ask that you would just have your way, Lord. Would you say what you have in mind to say today, Lord, and may we may we not be bound by our programs or our preconceptions, but may you just take us, Lord, and take this service in your control. And I pray you just do something of eternal value, Lord, that would encourage and uplift and strengthen your children. I pray we dedicate ourselves to you, Lord. We dedicate this time in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you as you're seated today. And just uh if you're not familiar with uh with uh with my preaching, my my ministry, I'm just kind of one of those guys. I need to stumble around a little bit and just kind of chip away at this thought until we just find that channel and then we'll we'll go. Okay. So, you just bear with me here. But I I want I I I'm struck by this thought about considering the lily. And uh you know, it's the way with the word of God that the God hides himself. Brother Bram said, "In simplicity, we find out that even though God God uh works in simple things, there's hidden meaning in that simplicity." And just because God is simple in his ways, doesn't mean it's not profound. It doesn't mean it's not deep. It doesn't mean it's not worthy of meditation and and studying things. And so, just to kind of set the tone here in that message, God hiding himself, Brother Brandham said this, and I I just like it. He said, 'I'd say that a man a man could sit down and look at a bunch of flowers, a bouquet, and he could study that for 30 minutes sincerely with all of his heart. Brother Bram said, and he'd know more about God than than he'd know if he had all the degrees that a Bible school could give him, for God reveals himself in the flower. I I I think it'd be worthy of our time and today to consider the lily just a little while. And brother Brandon preached on this lily. He preached on Reverend Mr. Lily, you know, and uh and how that uh the the story of this flower is the it's the story of an overcomer. Amen. It's a it's a type of the Christian life. It's a type of our uh of our journey in life. It's it's a it's not an overnight process, but it's a but but but this Christian life is is represented this lily. It starts as a seed and it ends up as a blossom. Amen. There's a there's a process of growth. There's a development. There's a journey. And and that's that's really where you have to start. You know, when you if you go down to uh there's a family in our church, they have a a big greenhouse and and uh we were there at opening day this spring and you you you look at all the beautiful flowers that are there and and uh and just, you know, the beauty of God's creation and and uh and and and you look at that flower and you might say to yourself, "Well, you know, how could I obtain that? How could I have something like that at my home in my yard or in my flower garden?" And you know, cuz you're looking at a flower in all of its glory and it's got a color, it's got a fragrance, it's got a an expression, and you look at that and you say, "Well, how could I get one?" Well, you you you can't just manifest one into being. And you know, you got to start with a seed. There's a process to it that it starts with a seed. It has to come into an atmosphere. There has to be a quickening. And we know all these things are part of the journey. It's the same way with a Christian life. You know, for a young person, you look at somebody that you admire. You look at a pastor or a parent or a hero in your life spiritually and you you look at their life and their life is giving out something. There's a virtue, there's a fragrance, there's an atmosphere, there's there's a character that they carry. And you look at that, we look at other Christians and we we see things that that the Lord has done and we look at that, we say, "Well, how can I attain that? How can that be how could I make that part of of my life?" And, you know, how how could I be an attainer of that? Well, it's the same exact process, brother, sister. You got to start with a seed. Nothing, you know, nothing nothing in the kingdom of God really happens overnight like that. Uh not not when it comes to the Christian life, when it comes to character, when it comes to that expression, when it comes to expressing the attributes of God, it starts with a seed of predestination. And that's why we preach so much on the quickening power. You know, I think people get in their mind sometimes that that an evangelist will stand in the pulpit and and hammer on the moving of the spirit and the quickening power and the baptism of the Holy Ghost and things like that just to try to get people, you know, just to just try to get the people worked up noisy enough where he feels like he did some preaching. But there's a lot more to it than that, brother, sister. There's a there's something very important uh uh uh there's a very important uh thing uh uh uh that's at the root of that because look without the quickening power it don't matter what a perfect seed that you have it'll never become what it was meant to be. It's the it's the quickening power that brings the potential of our father out of us. It's a quickening power that takes a seed and and unlocks this process of growing. Otherwise, it'll lay dormant for years and years and years. Brother Bram said it was quickening power. You know, we like to talk a lot about the things that we know. We talk about mysteries. We talk about the seven seals and the coming of the Lord. But brother Bram said, "Quickening power opened those seven seals." And quickening power lets us see his coming. It was quickening power that gave discernment. Quickening power did all of these things, Brother Bram said. And so, you know, that's why we need that quickening power in our church. Our young people need it. Our old people need it. Everybody that's a seed of God is reliant on that quickening power that we may come into the image of what God wants us to be. That is what brings growth out of the seed. That's what takes us up higher. That's what, you know, God didn't send the Holy Ghost to the church just to be a tingle up and down our spine. That's what brings the growth. That's what brings the power. That's what brings all of these things. Amen. Amen. And so, a seed, we find out a seed is not, you know, we're starting just preaching on this lily, this this lily life of a Christian. And that's where we got to start is at the beginning. And it's a seed. Now, a seed is not born a seed is not born when it falls from the branch of its parentage. when a, you know, when a when an acorn falls off an oak tree, that's not a birth, right? That's not a birth. And and and no, no more is it a is the new birth is not just being born and raised in a church. It's not just, you know, being raised in a certain lifestyle and being taught certain things and believing God sent a prophet and all those things are wonderful, but they don't constitute a birth because a seed can fall from the branch that of its parent, but it'll it'll lay there and sometimes it'll lay there for many many years. you know that that it'll lay there dormant and just nothing going on and Amen. But there has to come a quickening. There has to come an experience. There has to come a a moment where where where that seed just comes into the right atmosphere and appointed time and an appointed place where it quickens to life. It's not always a great big explosion, but something happens and it's a from that time moment. Amen. Where it it brings a life uh it brings something to life in a sea. That's that's what we want for all of our children. Sure, we want to raise them right. Sure, we want to teach them. Amen. Sure. Sure, we want to we want to keep them in a good church, in a good community where they can have support and they can have resources. But but above all that, we don't want them to lay dormant all their life. But we want to have enough we want to have enough God in the church, enough of an atmosphere, amen, where children can be born. Amen. That's a real mature plant. You know, a mature plan is not one that uh you know, we we kind of think uh uh we kind of think, well, as as message believers, we've come to where we know so much and where we have so much understanding. And now, Brother Joe, we're we're a mature church. We're we're mature. And so, we don't need, you know, we don't need the moving the spirit like we used to have, and we don't need all those, you know, we don't need the supernatural, and we don't need all those things because now now we have something that we know and now we're a mature church. But I would just submit to you uh today that that uh that a mature plant is not a plant which is dried up, cut down, laid aside uh can no longer bring forth fruit. It's just dry. It's cracked. It's a it's got no life in it. A mature tree. Amen. A mature plant, a bride tree is a tree that has come to such a maturity that it's able to reproduce the life that originally went into the ground. And that's the kind of maturity I'm looking for in the bride of Jesus Christ. That's why we're laying under the light of this word is to bring us, amen, to a place where we're able to reproduce new life. And Amen. I believe we should be a child birthing church. I believe the bride, amen, should have quickening power. Amen. Not to just get everybody excited to bring forth life and Amen. bring forth new children. That our young people would have an opportunity to know a real God and the real baptism of the Holy Spirit. Amen. That's that's that's what a real birth is when it's quickened to life. Everything on the outside we were dealing with a little bit last night. Everything on the outside is just the it's the outward trappings of of a religion. Brother Bram said that's a husk. Amen. It's a husk. You know, we thank God for a nice church building, but that's a husk. We thank God for a nice community, but that's a husk. We thank God for gifts and we thank God for ministries, but without what Brother Bram said, the lifeline in the framework of the church, it's dead. Amen. And uh and so there's got to be Amen. So, so a maturity, a church of maturity is a church that can bring forth new life. Amen. Amen. Uh can reproduce itself and Amen. That's why we want to have an atmosphere for birth. Amen. Because every Christian life is a seed and that seed never has a chance until it's quickened. Amen. Amen. Uh as brother Bram said, he said, "Are we really getting people to Christ or are we just getting them to church?" But we must get them to Christ where there's quickening power. &gt;&gt; Amen. So moving on from there, in the rising of the sun, brother Bram would say this. He said, "Is there is there one in here?" This is his challenge to his own church. This is what I would preach in my church and and what we in any church. Is there somebody here who doesn't have this quickening power in you? The sun has shine across. He said, "Maybe you've said in this tabernacle, you've listen to tapes, but the spirit has never quickened you till you could follow the word of God." Brother Bram said, "That's a dangerous thing. What if you would be a dead seed with no life in you?" He said, "But there's something in you." Watch this. Now, here's where we we want to take off on this right here. But there's something in you that tells you, "I want to rise." Amen. A little voice in you says, "I want to rise this morning. I want to rise from the state that I'm in. I don't want to just be a dead seed and be left to dirt and driftwood. I want to rise." Amen. Now, we got people in the house of God today that are at all different stages of life. You're at all different levels of the Christian journey. You might be in a mess. You might be having a hard time. You may be struggling with things. And Amen. And we could we could talk about all of that. But let's focus on this today. Amen. No matter where you're at, no matter what you're pushing through in your life, if you've got that little voice on the inside of you, something inside that's crying out saying, "I want to rise. I don't want to stay where I'm at. I don't want to I don't want to become stagnant. There's a there's a life. There's a voice. There's a there's a law inside of me that's pushing and saying, I want to get somewhere higher than where I am right now." Amen, brother. If you got that in, sister, that's power. Now, that's power. That's the kind of power I want to preach on today. Amen. It's power. Now, there's all kinds of power in the word of God. You know, the Christian church, they got power to heal. They got power to deliver. We got power to bind and power to loose and all those things. But, but this kind of power, I might be bold enough to say, is the most important kind of power that a that's in a Christian, amen, is called power to become. That's what that little voice is. It's the voice of a seed. And if it's a seed, it's got power in it. Even if it looks humble, even if it's in a dirty place, even if it's pushing through earthly things, it there's a power behind that little still small voice. It's power to become. Power to become something more tomorrow than you are today. Power to become more than you ever imagined you could be. Power to experience things in the Lord that you never thought was possible. power to reach a potential, amen, that you never expected. Oh my, amen. That's the kind of power that's in a Christian. Power to become, Amen, a son of God. That's there's something in you that wants to rise. That's called the law of a seed. And what I want to preach to you today, Amen. If that little voice is testifying of something in you, it's a law. A law of life, Brother Brandon would call it. Because a seed is the encapsulation of a law. Amen. How many know that there was a law that God set into place in the book of Genesis? Remember what it was? He said, "Let every seed bring forth of its own kind." Now, now that's a law. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's a law. It was something God put into place. He set it into motion and it cannot be broken because it's a law of God. Not a not a most of the time. Ever since God said, "Let every seed bring forth of its own kind." Uh, you ready for some deep teaching this morning? &gt;&gt; A cat has never had puppies. Right? &gt;&gt; Anybody ever seen it? &gt;&gt; And a and a and a dog has never had kittens. &gt;&gt; Never happened one time because God made a law and he set it in motion. Amen. That if it's cat life, it's got to bring forth cat cat children. And a dog life has got to bring forth dog children. That's a law. That's not a most of the time or not a hope. It's every time. Amen. And so there's a law that's in a seed. Well, then that that's room for shouting, brother, sister. Amen. Because if God would put a seed of his own life in the heart of a Christian, a seed of predestination, amen, then it's not a hope we make it anymore. It's not a hope we get it figured out or a hope we get there. Amen. There's a law that's in a seed. Amen. That when he plants it in a Christian, Amen. God's he God's not worried about what's going to come out of that seed. The only question is if it's ever been quickened. Brother Ram said it don't matter if you're a a pretty seed, a talented seed, what kind of a seed that you The only question of a seed is whether it's been quickened to life. But you ever quicken a seed to life. Amen. It will prove what's in it and it'll do that all by itself. Oh my. Let's uh let's go. See, you can spend a long time with a seed. You can study it. It's deep. You know, a law of a seed is simple, but it's deep. It's profound. There's a lot that you can understand and there's a lot of study that goes into a seed. You know, you look at agriculture today, how scientific it's become and they can they can take a seed into a laboratory. They can understand the genetics of it. They can understand they understand the nutrition and everything that's involved perfectly. They can they can study the chemistry of the soil. They can mess with the, you know, the atmosphere. They can they can build green houses and they can change the pressure and the temperature and they can do all those kind of things, you know, because it's become so man has become so advanced in his study of the seed. But underneath all of that study and underneath all of that men's learning, amen, there's a law of God in effect. So when a man goes out and plants a corn field, Amen. Amen. All he can do, Amen. at the end of the day, he can fertilize it. He can plow it just right. He can set everything just right. But at the end of the day, he's got to put a seed in the ground and submit himself to God's law and let God's law take place. Because God's laws, amen, are fundamental. They are true. They are firm. Amen. And so, it's only the life that's in a seed that can make him him blossom. You see, a a farmer, he can plant a seed, but he can't go out the next day and dig up that seed and try to help it help it just help pry it open and try to pull a little sprout out of it. You can't help it. Amen. It's God's law. It's God's process. But the beautiful thing about a seed is if you plant a a field of corn, you don't have to worry about getting soybeans and you don't have to worry about getting potatoes because the law, there's a law in the seed that you planted. Amen. That given time and atmosphere, it will become exactly what it promised to be. Let's listen to brother Brandham teach it. God's power to transform. I a little while ago, I was just I was thinking I wanted to get a better handle on this transforming power. Brother Brandham preached a whole message, right, on God's power to transform. And and I I just wanted to understand that that that transformation, that power. I began to study this message. You know what? He he just talks about a seed. Amen. But there's a mystery in this, brother, sister. Listen as the prophet would say. He said, "When he put the seed in the earth, the seed can only come forth with the power of life in it." I like that. The power of life with within it to transform it from a seed to a plant or whatever it was. It's his transforming power. He said, "Now, God put the seed in there with potentials that it would be what he said it would be." And as long as it stayed in its right category, it would be just exactly what God said it would be, it had to be that way because he made it that way. And God made a channel that anything that stays in his channel, Amen, in his line of word, listen, it will have to bring forth exactly like his word said it would do. Amen. Brother Brand spoke of Genesis. He said, "Then God said, it's all good. I'll just rest." You see, God is resting. Amen. God is not worried about what'll become of his seed. Amen. He's resting on it. He he said because each one of those seeds listen now each one of those seeds how many believe you're a seed of God by predestination. Then brother Bram said each one of those seeds has power in itself to transform itself into the species that I desire it to be. That's what it must be because I have given every seed transforming power. Amen. to make of itself in its potentials to make of itself exactly what I want it to be. Hallelujah. Amen. You say, "Brother Nathan, I need power this morning. I need transforming power. I've got situations in my life and I need them. I need a transformation. I need my body transformed. I need my I need my mind transformed. I need my attitude transformed." Listen, brother. Amen. God gave you transforming power when he put a seed of life on the inside of you. Amen. And see, God put a seed in his children that he could sit back and rest knowing that the law of life that's in that seed has got all the power in it that it needs, amen, to become what he wanted it to be. It doesn't matter what you're up against. It doesn't matter what the question is. It does not matter the situation. The power that we need, brother, is not in heaven somewhere, but the power is in you. It's in that seed. Amen. God doesn't gain confidence in his children the first time they come to an altar. He didn't gain confidence in you the first time you knelt down to pray or when a preacher put his hand on you or spoke a word. That's not when God gained his confidence. God has had confidence in his children ever since he put a seed in them be by predestination before the foundation of the world. God trusts the seed. That means you can trust the seed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, amen. Because the Bible says, "As many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God." &gt;&gt; Amen. You see, once you find out what kind of a seed of is in you, it takes a lot of the worry out of our Christian journey. &gt;&gt; It takes a lot of the fear out of it. Amen. When you realize the power that is in that humble little seed and see God, that's God's power. That's God's law. And God's very concerned with preserving this law. &gt;&gt; Amen. You look at you look at how the word focuses on that seed. Brother Brandham preached Amen. He brother Brandham would preach on it. The spoken word is the original seed. Many of his of his messages especially toward the end would deal with this law. They would deal with this this profound Amen. truth. Amen. That a seed of God cannot help but become what God wanted it to be. Listen, I'll just put it simply like this. When God plants a seed, God expects a blossom. &gt;&gt; Amen. He said when he gave you the Holy Ghost, what did he do? He gave you everything you have need of for life's journey. Amen. He didn't he didn't ask you to become an oak tree all by yourself, but he gave you an acorn of faith and potential. And he put but he put a law in what he put in in what he gave you. Amen. That if you just take your hands off of it and let God's law work, it will become what he wanted it to be. &gt;&gt; That's what the Bible says. He said, "When the rain as the rain cometh down and it gives seed and bread, the same rain gives seed to the sewer and bread to the eater." Well, there's a mystery there. Amen. Because there's a process from of seed becoming bread, but it all comes by the same rain. Amen. And so when see when a good rain gives a good seed, Amen. you can be assured there's going to be good bread. Amen. Because it comes by the same law of God. He said, "That's my word that goes out of my mouth. It will not return to me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it will prosper into the thing whereto I sent it. I believe that God sent a message of adoption to this day. Amen. He said, and God planted a seed in his elected children, Amen. that even in Leosa, the darkest age, the darkest time, a time of confusion. Amen. If God said, Amen. If God said that that that that he was sending a message of adoption, Amen. then I'm expecting manifested sons. And but the but the beautiful thing about it, I don't have to worry about whether I'm going to figure it out or whether you're going to figure it out or how we're going to get together and get it solved or how we're going to try hard enough or how we're going to have a good enough program or a good enough teaching. Amen. No, I'm trusting in the seed. I believe when God swed this message into this age, the message came with power. As many as received me, he said they received power with it to become sons of God. He said, "We're predestinated unto adoption." &gt;&gt; Amen. So, there's a law in the seed of election that will bring you to your adoption. Hallelujah. You say, you know, that's the problem is is we're looking at all the external. We look at the husk. Amen. We look at the outside and not at that seed. Say, "Brother Nathan, I'm looking at the great call of the hour today. And I'm looking at what Brother Brandham said about this bride and who she would be. That she'd be an invincible army. that she'd be a sinless, spotless bride, that she would that she would do the greater works, that she would, you know, that that that that, you know, she'd have power for miracles and signs and wonders and supernatural God would be vindicating her and the pillar of fire would be with her. And I'm looking at all those things, Brother Nathan. But then I'm looking at me and I'm looking at the state of my life and and I believe the message, but when I look at me, I see that I'm so humble. I see that I'm so small and I see that I'm so weak. I can't believe, brother Nathan, that I could be the one that prophet was talking about. Amen. Well, then you just haven't seen the law of a seed. Amen. Because when you understand that law, it's not about how humble the seed is. It's not about how small or how weak or what kind of a condition that it's laying in. There's a law that's in a seed, amen, that will bring it up out of that condition. It'll bring it up to another pl. It'll bring a growth. It'll bring a maturity. Amen. Amen. And you see, you say, "Brother Nathan, you know, I'm looking at this great call of the hour, and I believe it, but I feel like I've only got a little Jesus, Brother Ben. Of everybody in the church, of even everybody in else in Sunday school or my youth group, of all of them, surely I've got the least amount of Jesus. I've only got a little bit of Jesus." Here's the thing about little Jesus. Little Jesus could go down to the temple. Amen. Just because of being who he was, never going to school, never being educated, but just being who he was, little Jesus could sit there and he could speak words that could confound the theologians of his day. Little Jesus, amen, could turn water into wine. Because the thing about little Jesus, if you got if all you got in your life is just a little bit of Jesus, it's still Jehovah Jesus. Amen. And a little Jesus is healer Jesus. Even a little Jesus, amen, is savior Jesus. It's peace Jesus. It's victory Jesus. Amen. It's all the Jesus that you need. Amen. It's just a little Jesus because little Jesus won't stay little. Amen. But little Jesus will grow. Brother Bram said when a man gets saved, a little button of light, he called it, just the size of a button on your shirt. Just that much light comes into a person. It's not a great big halo of light. It's not a big wheelbarrow full of light. He just puts a little button of light in a bornagain son or daughter of God. But he said, "What happens to that little button of light?" Amen. Is it from that time it'll begin to grow and that little button of light will push out and it'll begin to expand and it'll begin to push this way and push that way and all of a sudden that little button of light that he put in you will come into contact with depression and it comes into contact with sin and it comes into contact with unbelief and comes into contact with fear and it begins to push on those things. Amen. You you with all with us with all of our ability could never reach into a life and pluck those dark things out. But God puts a little button. He puts a little seed in a Christian. Amen. And then when you lay that seed under the word and keep it in the right atmosphere, it begins to push and all of a sudden it'll begin to push things out of your life that you had no power to remove. That's the power of a seed. That's the power of little Jesus. Brother said, "God doesn't have little weak spots that are weak and big heavy spots that are powerful. God didn't take all of his best power and his best life and put it into preachers and put it into prophets and put it into heroes of the faith. Amen. He said the least touch of God, Amen. You feel like I'm the least Christian here, but the least touch of God, Brother Bram said, is omnipotent. It's all powerful. All the power of deity lays in that little seed of life. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just keep it in the right atmosphere. Let it grow. &gt;&gt; I like to tell this story. I I had a it's an old house that I had. It uh it had a It was in It was just in the middle of town and it had an ugly old fence. Brother Joel, this fence was falling apart. It was in disrepair. And I don't know if you all noticed, but fences aren't cheap. So, I didn't want to pay for a new fence. I just wanted to do something with the fence that I had. And so, I thought, well, what I'll do, I'll get a nice flowering vine and I'll I'll plant it around that fence. I'll let a flower, you know, some vines and flowers fill it up and that'll pretty up real nice and that'll do the trick. So, I went down to Menard's. Glory to God. And uh and I I was looking at what they had and I found a little plant called morning glory. If any of you gardeners, you're already laughing at me. But I thought, I like the sound of that. Morning glory. Don't you ever buy that stuff. So, I bought that morning glory and I took it home. I read on the back of the package it said just take one seed every six inches or so. Just one little seed. And I thought, brother Ben, I bought tons of this stuff. So what I did, I started at one side of my fence and I shook that stuff out all the way down to the other end. Listen friends, nothing happened that day. Nothing happened the next day. But after a little space of time, something started to happen in my yard cuz a seed had been planted. Amen. And that seed, it just just seemed like overnight it it grew up and it took over that whole fence and just filled every area of the fence. And praise the Lord, that's where I wanted it. I wanted it on the fence. But the problem with this life of that was in this seed. It won't stay where you want it. Amen. Because after a little while, it filled up the fence and then it left the fence and it went all in my yard and it went up my trees and it got in it went up the side of my garage and up the side of my house and it got into my vegetable garden and it started at the bottom of my tomato plants and it curled all the way up to the tippy top of those plants. Listen, weeds couldn't grow in my garden cuz it was too full of morning glory. Amen. Listen, friends, that's the kind of life God planted in you. Amen. And he look, he didn't ask you to figure everything out and solve all of your problems and find the power within yourself. He put a seed in you. And what we try to do, we try to take the seed of God's life and we say, "Well, it's fine if you only come this far. Just give me enough Jesus to go to church on Sunday morning. Just give me enough Jesus to sing a few songs and pay some ti." But listen, friends, if you ever really get converted, if you ever get really meet this quickening power, Amen. little Jesus won't stay little. But there's a life that he puts in a Christian. Amen. And it begins to take over. It'll begin to strangle out sin. It begins to push out, amen, fears and anxieties. Uh, amen. Because what it that's what it is. It's the life of Christ within you. It's the morning glory. It's the rising of the sun. I believe, you know, I believe to this day, you could drop a nuclear bomb on Finley, Ohio, where that house was. You could erase every memory of Nathan Ericson. But next spring, next spring, that morning glory is coming back just as sure as anything. That's no house. That's no high house plant. No, that's some kind of an original seed. Amen. That's what that's what God gives a Christian. Amen. It's a We look at things and we think, "How can I ever move this mountain? How can I ever get through this obstacle? How can I ever grow up out of this situation?" Look, friends, you don't have to do it. You trust the law of life that's already in you. God's not worried about it. It's us that are worried about it, but you can trust the seed today. There's power in it to become what he wanted it to be. Hallelujah. There's only one limitation on how far a seed can grow, and that's what season it's in. And we know by the message of the hour, this is adoption time. It's manifesting time. This is not a This is not a time for half-grown Christians. It's not a time for halfway Christianity. It's time to get serious with God and begin to and begin to hunger and thirst for everything God promised his church. Amen. It's not a time to wait on things to come. Now is the time to manifest who we are. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Bram said, "We're not in justification. We're not in sanctification. We're not in the Pentecostal baptism of the Holy Ghost." He said, "Right now, we're in the blossom." Amen. We're coming to adoption. It's rapture time. It's a time for rapture faith. It's a time for rapture life. Listen, friends, whatever in your mind, whatever limit you have put on your experience, whatever you think, Amen. Because every Christian's got some idea in their mind of the ceiling of their potential. And this is as far as I'll probably ever go with God. and this is as close as I'll ever be to heaven. And this is as much as I'll ever manifest him. And this is the most I'll ever be able to express his attributes. Throw it away today. Throw your idea away. This is manifesting time. Amen. Don't underestimate the power of a seed. Amen. This bride is a restored church. She's a restored tree. Amen. It's time for her to come into maturity. It's time to her to be manifested sons and daughters of God. It's us that put limits on it. It's us that put it off in a future day. It's not this word, but this word seed, amen, has brought a light to the church. You can lay under this message. You can be the kind of Christian you never thought was possible. &gt;&gt; You could be 10 times what you are today. I'm not talking about a charismatic idea, you know, of everybody needs to have a worldwide ministry and a Cadillac and a mansion and no and and and be some and be a somebody. I'm talking about a son or daughter of God being everything that God put the potential in them to be before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; I believe that, friend. I believe it's time for that. &gt;&gt; Easter time, time to rise. &gt;&gt; You know, Brother Brandham preached on us. He preached on the pond lily. &gt;&gt; And that's that overcoming Christian. And the thing about it is that overcoming Christian, you remember it. It comes through a journey. It doesn't the the way that it starts is not the way that it ends. Because when a seed is born, it's born down and and I thought it's amazing. He takes an act a pond lily of all the liies he could have worked with. He takes a pond lily and that pond lilyy's bu it it starts out buried down in the muck somewhere at the bottom of a pond, you know, and it's laying there and and it's laying there and when you pass over that seed, it doesn't look any different from all the rest of the dirt around it. Looks like all the rest of the pebbles and rocks and dirt. And that was some of you sitting in this church. Amen. when when the Lord got a hold of you that when that quickening power came to you, you weren't in a church. You might have been in a barroom. You might have been out in the world. You might have been doing whatever kind of thing and just just like looked just like everybody else, but you weren't like everybody else cuz there was a potential that was in there. And even though you were in a dark place and even though you were you were surrounded with filthy things, somehow someway a little ray of light came bouncing down those molecules of earth. Amen. And struck you just right. And something happened. A seed was quickened. It might not have been an explosion. It might not have heaved up the bottom of the pond. Maybe everybody around you didn't know what happened, but something happened. And from that time, it unlocked a law. Amen. A law of life. Amen. Because there was a lily in there that was wanting to be expressed. And so once that quickening happens, brother, it don't matter if it's in dirt. It doesn't matter if it's filthy. Because there's a life in it that won't let it stay there. It starts to push out. It starts to claw and fight and Amen. And oh, it gets dirtier fighting, but but something in it driving it upward and it'll push back on on the filth of the world. It pushes back on earthly things and Amen. And it begins to crawl its way up. Amen. And and begin it begins a journey. Amen. It still looks like all the rest of the dirt around it, but there's a there's a potential that's been unlocked. You remember how it was? There were things and you're looking around your life at all the filthy stuff you're caught up in and say, "How do I ever how am I ever going to get through this?" But some of you older ones remember there was a law of life. There was a little voice. There was a there was a force on the inside that you couldn't stay where you were at. You couldn't be satisfied. You had to push and strive. And that's what that little seed does. It fights its way up until all of a sudden there's a breakthrough. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. You know the problem a lot of Christians have? They get to a breakthrough in their life. They have a real breakthrough experience maybe at a camp meeting or an altar or something like that and then guess where that lily is at? It's still at the bottom of a pond. Amen. And so, you know, from after that breakthrough, Amen. There's still a journey that Amen. There's a journey of sanctification. And that that that little lily plant, it starts to it starts to push up. But but you know, every little current that passes through that pond, Amen. It pushes it this way and it pushes it that way. And that lily is in a place where it's feeling so much influence from everything around it. Amen. And then look at and you look at around and look at all the other plants. Look at the look at look at the way I guess I would call it seaweed. I'm thinking of a freshwater plant. You know that lily could look at you know the ones you look at a little shallow stream somewhere and it's got that it's got that that those pl that that plant in there. It's got no backbone. It's got no strength or structure and just whatever way the currents going. It's just You know, and then the flood waters come and opinions change or currents change and it's a all of a sudden &gt;&gt; and then Lily's looking at that. Amen. And and how many times in your life did you look at people around you say, "I wish I could just be a regular person. I wish I could just be like everybody else cuz they're not under the pressure that I'm under. They just go with the flow. They just do whatever feels good. They just do." But you couldn't be that cuz there was a law. There was a voice on the inside. Amen. that says no, but I'm not meant for here. I'm meant for higher things. Amen. I wasn't born for this. You You had a backbone. There was a structure. There was a strength. It wasn't that you didn't bend under the influence many times, but it was just that you weren't meant to stay there. Amen. And that's the lily. It'll fight. It'll prove what it is. It's a got a life in it that manifests all by itself. And it'll swim against the current. It'll go against the flow until it gets out, Brother Bram said, into the presence of the sun. And all of a sudden it can relax and it can open up that full blossom and a fragrance begins to come out of that lily life and a beauty that everybody else can enjoy the atmosphere of that lily life. Brother Bram said that's the overcomer. Now when you look at that overcomer a lot of us, you know, we suffer so much under guilt of the past. But brother Bram said, look, you can't take that overcoming Lily and say, "Oh, but he came out of the mud. I remember where brother so and so. I remember what he was mixed up in. I remember what kind of family she came out of. I remember what kind of a church, you know, uh, that was or I remember what what where he was at and what he was teach. No, brother Ben said you can't say he came out of the mud cuz he's not in the mud now. Where is he? He's on top. He's overcome. That's the overcoming. Christian friends, who you are is not where you've been through. Who you are is not where you came from, but who you are is the life that brought you out of it. It's the seed of of of gene identification on the inside. Amen. That's what called you up. You know, if you'd have had your way, you would have thrown in the towel. You would have been like everybody else. If it was if you had your way, you never would have left that filthy place. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; But a life. Amen. There was something awakened inside of you. A life, a seed that wouldn't let you stay there. Oh, what a beautiful type of this lily, this overcomer. Amen. Something in you that says you were made to overcome. Now, that's a powerful sermon. And brother Brandham preached that to the hilt on that overcoming Christian and how he's on top and how he's risen above things and now how he's got a fragrance to his life and a and and and an atmosphere. You know, Brother Bram said if you're a real Christian, remember in the token he said I think it was the token he said that people just love for you to say something to them. There's an atmosphere to your life. They know you're a Christian. They love to be in your presence. You got to Amen. There's there's a quality there. There's a virtue. What a powerful thing that is to in overcoming life. a Christian, &gt;&gt; a lily, but it hits a little different for a young person who's still down in the muck &gt;&gt; and battling some some of some earthly things. It hits different to a to a person, you know, who's just they're just struggling to go against the flow and they're down in the water somewhere. And there's a lot of Christians. Amen. If you're honest with yourself, you say, "Brother Nathan, I'm that's right where I'm at. I'm feeling so much influence of this world and I'm hearing so many voices and it's pushing and pulling on me and I'm confused and and I'm tired and I feel like I'm drowning. But here's what you got to get a hold of. &gt;&gt; Here's what you got to get a hold of, brother, sister. Don't look at where you're at right now, but look at that seed life on the inside of you. Cuz that overcoming Christian, that lily, that beautiful flower, when it was down there in the muck, Amen. And when it was pushing through all kinds of filthy things, it was still a lily. Amen. When it was going against the flow and swimming against the tide, it was still a lily. All along the journey, it's the same lily life, friends. Oh, amen. If if you got enough Holy Ghost to get a revelation that you're a child of God. Amen. Then set your fear aside. Don't worry about where you're at, trust that seed. Amen. Trust that. Amen. Because there's a law that God put in that seed. It will not fail. Amen. to bring you up to where you belong. Amen. The problem is we get afraid because we're looking at our own ability. We're looking at our own strength. Don't trust your own strength. Amen. Don't don't lean on your own understanding. Amen. Trust the seed. Amen. Trust God's grace over your life. The same God that quickened you. The same God that sanctified you is the same one who will take you to your adoption and position and place you in the church as a fragrant, beautiful Christian. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what we're trusting in today. Look friends, some of you, some of you come a long way with the Lord. And you know it was grace every step of the way. And it was if it had been up to you, you would have failed. But you couldn't fail. Amen. Because there was something in you that was testifying of where you came from. Amen. And the seed life that you came from had a law in it that that in the end it will reproduce where what the original life. Oh, what a blessed thing. That's what brother Bram taught. Restoration of the bride tree. Remember he talked about that law of life that's in a fish. the law of life that's in a bird. He said, "Now fish has got a law of life in it. He's made for a certain environment. He's made to live in a certain place, made to swim in the waters." But he said, it's a silly picture, but he said, "You take a fish and let that fish get in his mind, I'm going to be the best fish there ever was." &gt;&gt; And so he go let him go up to the surface, get a great big gulp of air, say, "I'm going to be the best fish. I'm going to swim the fastest and dive the deepest, get a big breath of air, and go down." Brother Bram said he'll burst. Amen. Because there's a law of life in a fish, he don't have to try to be a fish. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. Amen. He don't have to work real hard to be a fish. And the harder he tries to be a good the best fish. Amen. The more he fails at being what he was. He said a bird, you know, a bird if he just says, "Well, I really want to fly. So maybe if I just run real hard and flap my heart my wings real fast and you know, I'm going to try I'm going to be the best bird. I'm going to fly the highest and and just try to work real hard at it." Brother Bram said he'll never get off the ground. Amen. Because there's already a law of life that's in a bird. He's got wings. And God already provided a wind. And so there's a there's an appointed atmosphere. There's an appointed condition. There's a law of life that's in a bird to fly. He don't have to work real hard at it. He just got to set those wings and let the wind get underneath him and lift him up. Friends, brother said, "And we have a law of life. It's not how hard we try to be a Christian. It's not how much we try to impress everybody. It's not how we turn over a new leaf and make up our minds. This time it'll be different. And this time I Oh, and I'll show everybody what a great Christian that I am. Amen. Brid, listen, friends. I believe the gospels for human beings. I believe God didn't send the word of God. He didn't send the Bible. He didn't send the message for a bunch of angels. He knew we were humans. He knew we'd have frailties. He knew we'd have weaknesses. But he knows there's a law of life in a human heart that if it could ever meet this quickening power, Amen. and get this. Amen. And get this law of life working on the inside of you. It's not how much. Brother Bram said, we fight and pull and hurry. Say, if I don't get this and if I don't get that, that's not it. It's to know that the law of life is in you. Thank God for that. The law of life is in you, then you just let go and let God. How many How many sermons have we heard on yielding? But what it really is, friends, it's yielding. It's recognizing the life that's already in you. It's not waiting for power to fall out of heaven. It's yielding to that seed that that little voice on the inside that says, "Uh, don't touch that. Oh, you better get yourself to church. Oh, you better." Oh, it's just yielding to what's already there. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's a lot simpler than we make it. &gt;&gt; We work real hard at being Christians and letting everybody know what a great Christian that we are, a super super human. But brother Bram says, you just let go and let God. What a key. And then he takes you to your healing. Oh, he takes you to the baptism of the spirit. &gt;&gt; And anything he's promised, he said, any claim that he's given is yours &gt;&gt; by letting go and letting God. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful thing, friends. You see, that's the powerful thing about a lily. There's a there's a paradox here, you know, because uh Brother Brandham, I I was listening to him studying this, Brother Ben, and and I brother Bram, he just goes on and on about Reverend Mr. Lily, you know, you you could tell it was one of his favorites that he ever preached. And I I don't uh I don't know how much of it is on tape. I got the impression it's from the early days, but he would talk about it a lot about Reverend Mr. Lily, how that lily, remember how he's got to toil and he's got to work and push and strive, you know, to get up out of that ground and be the lily that he was supposed to be, put out his fragrance and how there's a battle to it. There's a striving and a toil and a work to get to get out and be that lily. It's a powerful sermon. And then I went and read what Jesus said. He said, 'Consider the lily. They toil not, neither do they spin.' I thought, well, there's a paradox. Brother Ram's going on on about how hard a a lily works. Amen. But Jesus said they toil not, neither do they spin. Listen, friends, but Jesus said, but Jesus said, with all your thought, with all your worry, with all your strain and striving, you can't add one cubit to your stature. And that illy can't that lily can't grow an inch by worrying about it, fighting about it. And here's here's what I think the paradox is. Is that is that sure you got to work to be a Christian. Sure, there's a pressure. There's a fight. There's a battle. There's a striving. There's a strain. Just like that lily. Sure, it's got to toil and spin and everything to get up out of the ground. But it doesn't have to work to be a lily. &gt;&gt; And brothers and sisters, you never worked one day in your life to be a child of God. It was never anything that you did. It was never anything that you knew. It was never what a great Christian or how long you were a member in the church. It was the grace of God to put a lily life in you by a seed of predestination. You don't have to work to be a child of God. You just have to yield, amen, to what God has already put in you. It was the grace of God that called us. It's the grace of God that'll help us grow. And it's the grace of God that'll put us in our adoption. The even the capstone crying grace, grace. Hallelujah. Let go and let God. Amen. If you're a son now, manifestation will come. And that's a beautiful thing. The Bible says it does not yet appear what we will be, but it also says right now, we are the sons of God. Amen. Oh my. You know, it does not yet appear. I believe I believe I'm a son of God. How many believe that of yourself? &gt;&gt; I believe I'm a son of God, but it does not yet appear what Nathan Ericson will be. You see, Nathan Ericson, I believe, if the Lord carries Nathan Ericen has not preached all the sermons that he is to preach. I've not done all the things that I'm to do. I've not manifested all the things and done all the exploits and done a and and and and grown into the character of the fullness of what Nathan Ericson is supposed to be. Amen. Cuz cuz if I'm a son of God, I've got a destiny and so do you. Amen. But look, it's becoming clear all it's becoming clearer all the time. Amen. And that's the beautiful thing about being a message believer today is to realize there's a law of life within you. it. We don't know, amen, what the fullness of a bright manifestation looks like. But the more time goes, the more clear it becomes when we see the Holy Ghost moving in this one and that one and this one and that one. The message of the hour is not a preacher cult of worshiping celebrities and heroes. Amen. It's individual hearts born again of the spirit of God with a seed of life on the inside manifesting who it is. &gt;&gt; It's God's bouquet. Amen. It's God's purpose being fulfilled in everyone. What a beautiful thing, friends. But just to know, look, just to know who what life is in you, that's that's the majority of the battle because then you can find your rest. Amen. That's the paradox of a Christian life there. We're pressing. How many are pressing through things? You got battles in your life and struggles. We're pressing, but we're resting. &gt;&gt; We're pressing, but we're resting, but the rest is in who we are. the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. Look friends, all that God asks of us is to be the kind of seed we are. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram said that that that seed, that little seed bursts into life, talking about that lily, but he said, "But it cannot do that until it goes through all that process." &gt;&gt; We like that. We kind of like that skip to the end Christianity, but that's not the way it is, friends. we that he gave us the Holy Ghost to be a comforter to lead us into truth. &gt;&gt; His word is a light is a lamp to our feet, light unto our footsteps. In other words, sometimes this word, the only light we get out of it is just enough to take that next step. We don't know what's around the next bend. We don't know what's over the next hill. &gt;&gt; Amen. But but but see, it's trusting that you're walking in the light. And if all you got is enough is enough revelation from the Lord to take the next step. Amen. Then you could be sure that after that, Amen. the light will move forward and you'll see the next step. and you'll see the next step. Amen. And it's just footsteps with the Lord, trusting the law of life within you, trusting in his grace, trusting the message, &gt;&gt; walking in the light, knowing that he is in the light. Brother Br said, but it and that seed can't come into its blossom until it goes through all that process, and that's what makes it, he said, because the sun itself is what is drawing it. &gt;&gt; Watch this now. And when it when it goes fully above the dirty waters and muck and so forth, it's so happy. It gives of its life freely. And it just uh we'll just add this in with what we spoke last night to the young people. And brother Bram said, "And it's a beautiful life when it gets in the presence of that which is drawing it up." You know, you get in the real battles of the Christian life, especially especially young Christians and the ones that are way down there in the muck somewhere and fighting through real battles and or the ones that are down in the water somewhere. You can't you can't you you can't fully see the light. You can't fully you you maybe you've never even experienced, you know, uh uh just that full presence of God because of all the mind battles and because of all the struggles and condemnation and things that are laying on you. But look, there's something inside you. It's a seed life that says yes, but somewhere. Amen. There's a deep calling inside of me. That means somewhere there's a true Christianity. Somewhere there's an overcoming life. Somewhere there's a shakina glory. Somewhere there's a son. Amen. And and a place, amen, where I don't have to go against the flow and I don't have to push through the might. Somewhere there's an overcoming life where I can just rest in who I am and open up and blossom and and lay in the full presence of the sun. Look, the desire in the seed proves that there's a sun somewhere. And don't give up on the journey. Don't quit just because you're in a battle now. Trust the seed that's telling you, amen, that just a little further up is sunlight. Amen. Peace and rest. Amen. A beautiful life in the presence of the one that's been drawing you the whole time. &gt;&gt; I believe that, friends. &gt;&gt; I believe that. I'm pressing through some things, but I ain't done yet. Amen. I I I'm going through a process of growth, but I'm going somewhere cuz I'm a seed of God. And you're a seed of God. There's no such thing as a seed without a purpose. There's no such thing as a child of God without a destiny. &gt;&gt; The same new birth, that same baptism of the Holy Ghost that quickens a seed is the same one. Remember, birth pains that testifies of an adoption, that there's a mountain somewhere with your name on it. Oh, it's not Listen, it's not it's not uh it's not Judah's mountain. I it's not it's not Levi's mountain. It's not No, no, it's your mountain. &gt;&gt; It's not Brother Brandham's mountain. It's not Brother Ben's mountain. It's your mountain. There's a there's a Christian life somewhere that belongs to you. And God put a seed in you to draw you up to that place. I tell you friends, I I believe in my on my darkest days, there's something in me that says, "Yes, but there's sunlight somewhere. There's a there's sunlight somewhere. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and you learn we learn on our Christian journey, don't we? &gt;&gt; Just to trust that law of life, &gt;&gt; you know, and all that God asks of us is to be the kind of seed we are. Look, Brother Bram said, you know, what we try to do, we're always trying to be a really impressive Christian, you know, and we're really trying to just uh make sure everybody knows just how spiritual and how revelated and how mature that we are. And we don't want anybody to know about any of our weaknesses or struggles. We got to keep that covered up or else people won't, you know, people won't be properly impressed with what a great seed that we are. But look friends, so what we try to do, we try to stack a bunch of liies up in the altar. We turn our whole Christian experience into a competition. We're just trying to out church everybody else in the church. And you know, we get in that mindset. &gt;&gt; Be honest with yourself. But brother said, God doesn't care about liies on the altar. He wants you on the altar. &gt;&gt; God's not concerned about how, you know, what an impressive Christian you can be. He just wants you to submit to the law of life that's in you. God's in charge of bringing out of you what he wanted there to be. &gt;&gt; God's in charge of taking us to our adoption. Amen. He said he wants you on the altar. We try to live a I'm seeing something here. I I hope that I can express it well. Amen. But look look uh sometimes we get away from what I'll just I'll just coin the phrase from natural Christianity and we're always trying to take you know We're always trying to take human beings and twist them into something of what we think outwardly will represent what would please the Lord. And and and we twist people sometimes, hurt people sometimes, trying to just take the the real human honest heart and hide and cover all of that up and twist them into a shape of what we think is appropriate. But brother Bram said that's the thing about that lily. He said you take that lily and compare it to Solomon. Solomon in all his glory, dressed right, &gt;&gt; kingly, impressive, had a position, had an authority. Everybody knew who he was, famous. Amen. Always in the spotlight, everything. But Solomon in all his glory, the Bible says, can't compare to a lily. Brother Bram says, because Solomon, no matter how rich, no, how advanced, Amen. how what a great king that he was and how much he impressed people, it was all artificial. But a but a lily's got a natural beauty. And that's what it is to me, friends. There's something beautiful about a young person who's not perfect. They got they make mistakes. They've got issues. They're struggling with things, but there's an honest heart that says, "But I want to serve the Lord. But I want to do right." Amen. That's beautiful. Amen. Because then to see the Lord work in a life like that, somebody honest enough to ask for help. Amen. To let the Lord come in and say, "Yeah, let that seed life just stay in the presence of the sun. Just get into church. Get under the word. Read your Bible and pray. and watch if that you don't grow right up out of that. Amen. What looks so dark to you. It looks like you'll never get past it. Amen. But oh my, it's a beautiful It's beautiful. Oh, Amen. It's not beautiful to me. Amen. For somebody to come into church and try to hide all their problems and and try to be a a perfect angel and make sure nobody thinks they got any mistakes and and get and be proud and be a somebody in the church and a leader in the community and all the things. That's artificial. Amen. But a beautiful life is a life that's surrendered to the law of God. You got filthy things to push through. You got to swim through the currents. Amen. But look, that's the Christian journey. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And it's made for real human beings. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; Real people. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's who God chose. &gt;&gt; He could have used angels, but he didn't want them. &gt;&gt; He chose human beings, &gt;&gt; right? with weaknesses, with mistakes, frailties. Amen. But it's a beautiful life to walk in the grace of God. It's a beautiful life to struggle through things because the overcoming is that much sweeter. And we learn to trust him by the things that we go through and realize, oh, hey, you know, when I didn't when I didn't have the power, he sent his power. When I was weak, his strength was made perfect in my weakness. His grace is sufficient for me. &gt;&gt; Oh my. And ser it all serves a purpose. &gt;&gt; The things that we go through serves a purpose. That's the real sermon of this flower, you know, of this lily. That's what the Bible talks about. A flower and it it's a human life. It ain't it's not some angelic perfection. It's a human life. It's weak. It's frail, but it's beautiful. Amen. And and and that's what the Bible says about about our human journey. Look, friends, uh uh we're not here very long. &gt;&gt; Come on. We're not here very long. It's all right if I just talk to you for a minute. &gt;&gt; We're not here very long. I I got three kids now. I'm learning that real fast. It goes a lot quicker than you think. You know, the Bible says, "Man that is born of woman," this is Job's word, "Man that's born of women, he's of a few days and it's full of trouble." Ain't that the truth? He cometh forth like a flower and he's cut down. Peter said, "All flesh is as grass. The glory of man is the flower of grass, but the grass witherth, and the flower thereof fallth away, but the word of the Lord endureth forever. &gt;&gt; Look, friends, that's that's the very the very meaning of this flower. The very beauty of it is that it's fragile. A flower is not a great big oak tree, but a lily when it comes forth, it's fragile. Amen. I It's easily broken, easily cut down. It doesn't last very long. They don't bloom all year round. There's just a there's a moment in time, just a little set a point in time where that lily comes into its blossom and it brings a beauty and it brings a fragrance and then it's cut down. Even like a little dandelion, you know, it it just a it pops up just overnight. It wasn't there the day before almost and then the next day it's out and it and it brings forth a beauty and it's a pretty little yellow flower and then the next day it's gone. probably because my wife murdered it and you know it's been cut down by the lawn mower or run over with the weed and feed or whatever it is but but it's not not very long. That's your life. That's my life. I wonder if we don't uh uh meditate on that often enough that look friends, we're not here very long. You ever think about this? Look uh uh we we believe God sent a message to put a bride in a rapture, but not everybody in this world's going to be bride. &gt;&gt; And and it ain't going to go on for a thousand years. It don't seem like it can go on much longer at all. Amen. So look, friends, there's only going to be so many people that'll believe this message. And there will be only so many people that'll live this message. There's only so many people that'll go out and witness of it, carry a testimony of it, spread the light to this world. There's only so many. So your life has such meaning. It has such value because it's so fragile, because it's so rare &gt;&gt; and it doesn't last very long. Everything that we build here, you know, you can build a home, build a family, accumulate wealth, have a nice home, have a career, leave a legacy, all those kind of but give it a little time and in not very much time, it all fades away. &gt;&gt; Fades away into the void, you know. But look friends, there's something in a in a seed life that testifies of purpose. &gt;&gt; Because a flower, it's fragile. It's easily cut down. Amen. But it has a beauty. But it's not just beauty on itself. But look, Job could look down at that flower and he could see he could find purpose. Even in a little fragile life like that, he could see beauty. He could see purpose because it depends on the eyes of the beholder. The human life, brother, sister, it doesn't have much meaning. There's this world. This world can't offer I I just no matter where I've been, what career I've had, what kind of a job, I've never been able to find purpose in a job. I never felt that I was put here on earth just to make products and sell things and you know just have a house and amen and and and and and even even just a even just to to love your wife and love your children and all those things. Brother Bram said that's just the backdrop of your true purpose. But a true purpose of a human life is to testify of a of eternal life. And that's what it that's what gives it meaning friends. That flower doesn't mean anything but when it comes under the visage of a prophet. Amen. honor a prophet's view. Amen. A prophet could look down at that little flower and he could preach the great sermon on resurrection. Amen. That's what I want my life to be. While I'm here in the short time that I'm here, I want to live a life for Christ. Amen. That will testify that somewhere beyond the veil is a greater reality. Amen. Let the beauty of this Christian life testify of the beauty of heaven. &gt;&gt; Amen. Give me purpose. Let me do something in time which will echo in eternity. Amen. That's what the message can give you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's testifying of who you are. That you're here. Yeah. You're not here for a long time, but while you're here, &gt;&gt; you got a purpose. Your life has meaning. The things that you express the character of God. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Means something. &gt;&gt; It has a value. Brother Bram said, "Look, see, see, I believe if you listen to that seed life within you, it'll give you a purpose-driven life. I don't believe in accidental Christianity." Come on. &gt;&gt; Look, friends, I believe that so so with all my heart. I do not believe, Amen, that that this church is in Hardy, Arkansas for no reason. I don't believe God raised up Ben Puit for no reason. I don't believe we're here together on Sunday morning for no reason. I believe in purpose. Amen. I believe that. Brother Brand said, look, he he he said that one time. He said he wanted you sitting there. He wanted me in the pulpit. He wanted you in that seat. He wanted this for a purpose. &gt;&gt; Amen. The problem is with us, we we we get we're not listening to that seed life and and and so we we we we go after all these temporary things. But look, friends, there's a real purpose-driven life. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram said, "Look, and anything that serves God's purpose has got a resurrection." &gt;&gt; Amen. See, the things that we go through, what really gives them meaning? You're going to go through hard times. I'm going to go through hard times. Ain't everything going to be great? We're going to have trials. We're going to have unfortunate circumstances. All those things. But as long as it serves a purpose. Oh friends, that's what that's the beauty of that flower. Amen. Sometimes the flower is crushed. Brother Bram said that flower it it has to be crushed, but that's what brings the perfume. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Some of you Some of you were planted in places and you grew through all manner of hell to be sitting here today. &gt;&gt; But on the other side of that crushing, under the other side of that trial, wasn't there a sweetness? Wasn't there a savor? Isn't now now there's a compassion, a wisdom, an experience coming out of your life that could bless somebody else. It's all for a purpose, friends. Amen. And really, that's where my heart is at today. Say, Lord, whatever I got to grow through, whatever my journey, but let me come to a blossom and let me serve a purpose for you. Let my life under the visage of this message be a life of purpose, of meaning. Amen. Let me do something in time which will echo in eternity. &gt;&gt; Amen. Give me a perfume, Lord. Even if I even where I'm where I've been crushed, let it be for your beauty. &gt;&gt; Let it be for a saver. &gt;&gt; Brother said, "Anything that serves God's purpose has got a resurrection, but it can only rise if it serves God's purpose." &gt;&gt; But I'll tell you what he said. He said, "But you can't keep anything in the ground that serves God's purpose." Hallelujah. Friends, we we we we we've uh been awakened into this seed life here. You see your calling, brethren. Look, we we we might never be known in this world. We'll probably never be rich. We'll probably never see everything there is to see. We'll probably never do everything there is to do here in time. But look, friends, if we're here serving God's purpose, when that resurrection morning comes around, that perennial lily life will show what it is. Amen. All the powers of hell, all the powers of death can't keep you in the ground if you serve God's purpose. I thank God for this lily life. Amen. is something which settles me down and says, "Well, if I never taste that, if I never experienced that, if I never travel there, if I never get to do this, if I ever known that, Amen. There's a life on the inside of me that says somewhere on the other side, though the skin worms eat my body in my flesh, I'll see God." Amen. And I'll rule and reign a thousand years. I'd rather toil here. I'd rather be crushed here to be God's perfume. Amen. And wear a crown on that side. I'd rather have that eternal life. Amen. Then then get everything I want to out of this temporal life. I believe in purpose. &gt;&gt; I'm looking for purpose in my life. You everything serves God's purpose. And that see even the suffering, even the things that we go through, that's part of that human experience. Sometimes in our life, things happen and we get disappointed and we don't understand why it happened. You know, God's always gracious. He always gives us a little something to hold on to, you know, to just see that God was in it. But you know, it's very rarely we could see the whole purpose behind a tragedy, behind a loss. Look, you know, a couple years ago, a young couple just in the blossom of their life, 20 about 21 years old, young couple in our church, they had a propane explosion in their home. And and tragically, we lost them. Just a shock to the whole church. And moments like that, you know, what can you do? You you can't understand that little things will happen. And there are testimonies that come out of it. But we don't we from where we're standing as human beings, we can't see the whole picture. And you know as well as I do, there's moments in our human experience where you just throw up your hands to heaven and say, "Lord, why? Why did it have to be?" But look, friends, there's something on the inside says, "But yes, but as long as it serves God's purpose because God is a God of purpose." And even when we don't see all the purpose, we know that there is one. And that helps a lot to know that there's a purpose. Amen. That's what brother Bam said. He had a young man in his life that died in the prime of his life. Just a little just a young boy. But brother Bam said, "Look, sometimes God needs a bud in his &gt;&gt; bouquet." &gt;&gt; And so we say, "Oh, but they never they never had a chance to really blossom. Never had a chance to really come into a fold." But God needed that bud and his bouquet. Amen. It served his purpose. It was part of the beautiful thing that he was putting together. We we wonder why, but we trust in his purpose, knowing, Amen, that if if it serves God's purpose, you can't keep it in the ground. Amen. God might take our loved ones. He might take our children. Amen. But there's a time coming, amen, when everything that serve God's purpose will come back out of the ground. Hallelujah. Friends, what are we afraid of? Amen. There's a lily life on the inside of us testifying. &gt;&gt; Amen. That all the powers of hell can't keep us, Amen. from coming up into what we're meant to be. God's building bouquet, brother, sister. Amen. He's got the preacher. He's got the prophet. He's got the singer. He's got the deacon. &gt;&gt; But what's your po What's your purpose? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; What's your purpose? What is it in your life God planted in you? Amen. You've got a color, a fragrance, a blossom that's not like anybody else. But Amen. But what I want to do, I I don't I'm not a daisy that wants to be a rose. I'm not a tulip that wants to be a chrysanthemum. I I want to be me. Amen. And I just want but I just want to blossom into the life that I'm meant to live. And I want to fulfill God's purpose. &gt;&gt; That's why God gathers us together. That's why he puts a church together. This church can't be what it is without you. &gt;&gt; You're indispensable &gt;&gt; to the economy of God. It's part it's all part of flower. God's God's a flower garden. &gt;&gt; That's what brother Bram said. He preached God in simplicity. Talked about that flower and he was dedicating his church. He said, "Look," he said, "but the beauty of a church." I thank God, you know, we thank God for improvements that are made and how we can have nice air conditioning and have some nice amenities and upgrade things. And we we thank God for all those things, but the beauty, he said, is not the building. It's not No, but the beauty of a church, he said, is the character of the people. Amen. And friends, I want with all my heart, I just want that beautiful life. I want to live in his presence and I want to come to a blossom. Amen. Where I got my place in the bouquet. Amen. and know that I served his purpose and know on that resurrection morning I'll have been here for a reason. &gt;&gt; Isn't that what you want, church? &gt;&gt; Amen. It's the character of the people. Oh my. &gt;&gt; You see, that's what this message is all about. Purpose. Purpose. Seed of God. &gt;&gt; He gathers this one. He plucks up this one. Some of you say, "Oh, Brother Nathan, I had to grow what I you if you knew what I come through. He said, "You know, we got these young people in this church. They're growing up in a nice stable church and a good family and hearing good preaching. I came through all kinds of barbed wire and cement and I can't if you only knew what I had to fight through. Yeah. But you got your place in the bouquet just the same as the other. And God had a purpose and bring in this one from that background. This one came through these family struggles and this one came through that church hurts and this one came out of the world and they all came from different places. But it's God that gathered it together so that you could serve a purpose. and the one next to you and all. When you put it all together, it's a bouquet of Christian liies. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. With a fragrance, with a beauty, with a meaning. &gt;&gt; I want to be part of that, friends. That's why God sent a message. Remember, he said the message is not to the group. It's not to the organization. It's a message to the individual to bring out of you the life that's in that seed. &gt;&gt; See, to to be Amen. to to be all that you were meant to be. So when you put the whole thing together, Brother Brand said, "What it'll be when you put that whole bride together, when she recognizes who she is, &gt;&gt; the rapture will take place." Amen. Because she's come into full view to be an expression. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; An expression. That's what a bouquet is. That it's an expression of love. &gt;&gt; You know, when I when I let's say hypothetically, I bought my wife some flowers. probably been a little too long since the last time, but you know, you buy your wife some flowers and and gather gather all those together and put it together. It's there it's not just a it's not a gathering for no reason. &gt;&gt; There's a purpose. There's a message. See, that's that's why God raised up a church like this in a community. &gt;&gt; Amen. It ain't just to put it together and look nice. There's a message. &gt;&gt; There's a purpose. And the purpose is a message of love to a bride. Oh, amen. And so you put that together and take those flowers to my wife, hand her that bouquet. She never asks me, "Oh, what field did those come out of?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. What store did you buy them at? Who sold it to you? Oh, yeah. How was the traffic coming home? You know, that's not where her mind is at. It's not where it's not the question about it. &gt;&gt; And God, see, it's the same thing with the message. God didn't send a message so he'd say, "Okay, but who who what church do you go to and who's got the best, you know, who's got the most anointed ministry and who's got the biggest congregation and who's got the nicest building and who's got, you know, and and who's teaching this and who's teaching that and what's the current events and what's got and you know, what's the latest gossip and all the doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; Not important." Amen. What matters in this message is the expression of God's heart to gather a bride together. Amen. that each one could come in a blossom and be gathered together. Amen. To serve God's purpose and show a message of love. This message is all about God's love for his bride. It's all about his love for an individual person. That's why he put us together. That's the kind of life I want to live. I don't want to get distracted with all these things that don't mean anything. I want to live a life for Christ that somebody could feel his love &gt;&gt; through me and know the beauty of his presence. I want to have the kind of a church where it don't matter if it don't matter we got 10 people or 10,000 as long as the presence of Lord of the Lord is in that church and somebody can come in and and and see the bouquet of what God has put together and and and get the message get the message of love. &gt;&gt; That's what I want. Amen. Look friends, you walk into a house and you see a bouquet. That's the way it ought to be anytime. when somebody ought to be able to walk off the street into this church. Amen. And look around. Amen. And see that bouquet. Now, when you see that bouquet, it's there's a testimony with it. It's testifying of a love affair going on. You see, you walk into that house, you know, if it's just a bunch of wilted flowers, dried up hearts, cold formal Christianity, no love for one another, no Amen. No desire to serve God's purpose, just going through the motions and keeping the rituals and Sunday going meeting Christianity. Well, you know, then then there's no witness to that. There's no message to that. But when you walk into a house and you see a fresh, vibrant, amen, wellwatered bouquet of flowers and you smell that fragrance and you see that beauty, it's a there's a love affair going on in this house. You might not see the bridegroom. Amen. He might not be home. He might be out fixing up a better place for his little wife to live. Amen. But just by knowing, but just by seeing that bouquet in the arms of a bride. Amen. And you know that there's a love affair going on. That's the life I want to live for him. Amen. To know that that that when they see me, Amen. They see God's love. They feel his presence. They see the beauty. They see the message. They get the message. That's what the message is. It ain't a bunch of doctrines to argue about. It's a life &gt;&gt; on display. It's a bouquet. It's individual purpose. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Amen. And I I'm coming down to a close. Can I just share one more little thought? You know how little you know how little girls used to do? I I guess it's oldfashioned. I think it goes way back actually, maybe like Victorian times or something. Remember what they used to do? They take a flower, start picking off the petals. Remember, he loves me. He loves me not. He loves me. He loves me not. Well, you get all the way around, you get to that last petal, that's how you find out whether he loves you or not. Of course, you know what the secret is? You got to you got to pick the right kind of flower because it changes the message. If it's an odd number of petals or if it's even number of petals and you get the right kind of flower, he'll love you every time. And look, friends, that's what you really hear this message right. You really get it. If it when it really becomes God's purpose and you and you see that that life, that law of life working inside of you, Amen. Then you you can you can you can you can walk away from that love me love me not Christianity all that condemnation saved today and lost tomorrow and mercy today and wrath tomorrow friend. No, that's not what he chose you for. It's not your purpose. But he chooses vessels of mercy to fill them up with mercy so full that mercy would spill out of us. Amen. That an atmosphere that a that a river of living water would flow from us. Amen. Amen. And and we would know as we look around God's bouquet. That's why I love to fellowship with the bride of Jesus Christ because everywhere this message is preached, I find life. And when I look at that life, there's a message in that life. &gt;&gt; He loves me. &gt;&gt; He loves me. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; I hear brother Ben preach, I find out he loves me. Hear my sister play the piano. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; He loves me. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I I see this group of young people. I see sincere hearts. I see how the Lord is working in a new generation. He loves me. &gt;&gt; He loves me. And every everything you pick at, you pick at people that we take this message. We try to pick each other apart, but start picking at those pedals. Start looking at the testimony of God's grace. Start looking at that life on display. It's got a very different message to it. You find out, oh, it's love, love, love, love. This message is so full of love. I know people turn it into legalism and try to grind people down in the dirt, but if it's a real seed, it don't matter how f how how hard you stamp on them. The law of life will bring them up out. Amen. and it'll bring us to that beautiful life. &gt;&gt; I'm trusting it. &gt;&gt; I'm trusting that seed. Hallelujah. Let's all stand. I appreciate your welcome spirit today. Brother Brandon preacher, I know my redeemer liveth. Talking about that resurrection life. He said, "Nothing can destroy it. It's been planted. It is the seed of God. It's a purpose of God to give us the blessed Holy Spirit. It's the purpose of God to show us signs and wonders and miracles. It's the purpose of God and nothing can destroy it. All powers of hell might wage against it, but it will prevail. He said, "We have God's eternal promise. There may be teachers. There may be isms rise. There may be great programs rise. There might be things that look like it'll be destroyed, but it can never be destroyed." You accept that for your own life today. Lord, I I spend so much time worrying and fearing about how I'll get to that next level, but Lord, I'm going to yield to the law of life within me. It can never be destroyed. It's the purpose of God, he said, to see that it will prevail. Then, I love these words. Then, it's not up to me and it's not up to you whether it'll be destroyed or not. It's up to God. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. And he said, "And we can rest assured on it that God will never let our heritage be destroyed for it's his purpose to give it to us." How many want to serve his purpose today? Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Lord Jesus, I thank you for the words of life today. Lord, I pray that they would inspire a heart. Lord, will you forgive us today, Lord, for how we try and strain and press, Lord? And we're always trying to peel that little seed open and try to pull something out of it, Lord. But, Lord, we want to learn how to surrender. We want to learn how to yield, Lord. We want to get to a place where we're trusting that law of life, Father, where the fear and the and the condemnation, Lord, would just slip away, Lord. And we would just trust your leadership, Lord. Lord, let us follow that little voice on the inside up into that beautiful life. Lord, I pray that each one here would serve their purpose. Lord, we're not trying to imitate one another. Lord, we just want to fit in your bouquet. Lord, we want to be, Lord, what you made us to be. We want that natural Christianity, Lord. &gt;&gt; That literal life, Lord. We just want to get out of the way that it could express itself. I pray for this local church, Lord. Lord, you put this bouquet together. And I pray, Lord, they would open up and shine like never before. Lord, that each one would have such a sense of purpose, Lord, by the sea that's in them, Father. Lord, that a fragrance would come out of Hardy, Arkansas, Lord, will come out of Word of Life Tabernacle. Lord, that this whole community, Lord, would catch catch it, Lord. That they would see the beauty, Lord, of lives on display. That there'd be a testimony, Lord, of this message of love. bless them in a special way, Lord. I thank you for an opportunity to be part of their weekend to fellowship with them, Lord, for friendship. I pray for each one of us, Lord Jesus, that we could only if we could only serve your purpose and do something in time, Lord, which would glorify you in eternity. We're so inspired by your word, Lord. And we pray it would touch a heart and courage, Lord, in Jesus name. We commit it to you. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Oh, so I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. All my words fall short. &gt;&gt; I've got nothing for you. on my gratitude. I sing as I often do, &gt;&gt; but every song must sing. Oh, but you never do. Oh, so I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for me except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. Oh, I will worship you. Oh, so I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] And I know it's not, but I'm nothing else fit for a king [Music] except for a heart sing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. So come on my soul. Oh. So come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a life inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Oh, so come on my soul and all you can shout me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a life inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Let me hear you now. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for the king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I have nothing else fit for a king [Music] except for a heart singing pal. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Sing the bridge again. Oh. So come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a life inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Oh, so come on my soul and don't you get shine on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a light inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Sing that part again. Oh. So come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you've got a life inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. One more time. Oh, so come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You got a light inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart. Sing hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] And I surrender. Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you and I surrender. Lord I surrender. Oh Lord I surrender my life to thee. Oh, and I give it all. One more time with all your hearts now. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. I surrender. [Music] Lord, I surrender. [Music] Oh Lord, I surrender my life. Oh, and I give it all to you. Oh, I surrender. Yes, I surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. Amen. When I think about the Lord now, oh when I think about the Lord, how he raised me, how he saved me, how he to the uttermost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah! Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. know it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor. I'll sing that part again with all your hearts now. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all. Oh, makes me want to shout. Oh, &gt;&gt; and let the worippers arise. Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] &gt;&gt; I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Well, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. [Music] And father I can see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side just holding your hand. So let your kingom come in. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughter sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Well, I'm surrendering my heart. Oh, by surrender to the king. And we are the generation. Oh yeah. We're themination, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of our Lord is near. The revelation overcoming sins temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation. We are the generation. [Music] We're themination, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of our Lord is near and living out the revelation. overcoming sins, temptation, the truth will go to every tongue and nation. [Music] We are. Oh, if you believe you're that generation, would you put a hand up to him and sing it now? Oh yes, we are the generation. We're themination, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of our Lord is near and living out the revelation. Overcoming sins temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. [Music] We are the chosen generation. [Music] All I want is and all I want to do. So glad I feel his love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Oh, so every day my heart will praise him. I know I'll ever be the same. And all I want to do is love him. Love his holy with all your hearts. Now we're singing. All I want to do is love you. So glad I feel his love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Cal. Oh, we praise him now. Oh, so every day my heart will praise him. I know I'll never be the same. And all I want to do is love him. Love his holy name. And sometimes howallel. Oh, sometimes praise the Lord and sometimes gently singing our hearts in one accord. Oh, sometimes hallelujah. [Music] Oh, sometimes praise the Lord, sometimes gently singing our hearts in one accord. Oh, let us lift our voicees up to the sky and start to sing. Oh, let us now return his love and let his praisees ring. Oh, sometimes hallelujah. [Music] Oh, sometimes praise the Lord. Sometimes gently singing [Music] our hearts in one accord. Let it ring out now. Oh, sometimes hallelujah and sometimes praise the Lord and sometimes gently singing our hearts in one. Sing that second verse now. Oh, let us feel his presence. Oh, let us feel his praise. Let sounds of praises fill the air. Oh, let us sing of Jesus's love to people everywhere. [Applause] Oh, sometimes. Hallelujah. [Music] Sometimes. I wonder if you just praise the Lord one more time before we go to the day. Oh, sometimes gently singing our hearts in one accord with all your hearts. Oh, sometimes. Hallelujah. I want to praise the Lord. Sometimes gently singing our hearts in one accord. Somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. How many enjoyed the word of the Lord this morning? Amen. Aren't you thankful? No matter what you're going through, you are going to come forth as a lily because the seed was there all the time. Amen. I enjoyed that this morning. Enjoyed Brother Nathan in both services. Really enjoyed it. I believe that's something we can we can really apply to ourselves and and grow with it. Amen. Did young people enjoy the weekend? Amen. There's no service this afternoon, just the one service this morning. Amen. Sorry we held you just a little long, but when when there's people wanting to get prayed for, we want every one of them to feel, Amen. That altar is always open. &gt;&gt; And so we just want to keep it that way. We appreciate the tender hearts that still want to be prayed with and and pray at the altar. Amen. Are you happy today? Amen. Has the Lord been good to us? Give him another hand clap of praise. I'm going to sing this one time and you're free to go. God bless you. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied till my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied as Jacob in the days. [Music] old way, but instead with a perfect I stood upon his holy word. Well, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied till my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Well, oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ our Lord is here. Well, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Well, as Jacob in the days of old, I wrestled with the Lord. And instant with a courage, I stood upon his holy word. Well, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Till my Jesus came and he made me whole, I would not be denied. Well, oh, Satan said, "My Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer." Oh, but praise the Lord, the work is done. And Christ our Lord is here. Well, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied until my Jesus came and he made me [Music]
