################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Bro Stuart Duckworth Sunday Morning  Inspired by the divine The Attribute of Gods love expressed - Stuart Duckworth.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   Bro Stuart Duckworth Sunday Morning " Inspired by the divine" The Attribute of Gods love expressed"
Speaker: Stuart Duckworth
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwXKQgbFjPo
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] behoo. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I can't take it anymore. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] like traveling. [Music] I feel like you're [Music] trembling when I feel you. Yes, I feel like traveling. Oh, I feel like traveling. [Music] bright tower. [Music] Sun. I feel just like you travel. [Music] I tremble in holy sea. [Music] I feel like I feel just like trampling. Yes, I [Music] feel in our way. Amen. We lift our hands. We sing this verse. Well, the Lord has been so good to me. I feel just like [Music] trampoline walk through that place. I see I feel like traveling. Yes, I feel just like traveling. I'll be [Music] my right. Sing that last verse again. You [Music] are to me when I feel like traveling. [Music] to that place. Oh, I see something [Music] like you see [Music] this. Sing that one more time now. Yes, I just like trembling. You know I feel like I'm [Music] traveling right there. I travel this morning. We just want to welcome everyone out to the service. Uh we're missing both of our good song lead singers. So y'all help me out this morning and today as much as you can. Amen. Amen. Just happy to be in the house of the Lord today. Let's sing his joy unspeakable. He's full of glory. Well, I have found his grace. is all I [Music] am Jesus when [Music] I see the glory of glory of glory. [Music] And I have [Music] found you and see I am from the I see his [Music] unspeakable and I have So here the rest of my savior's presence is I can [Music] see your glory. Love glory is your [Music] unspeakable. I have found the joy. I have found the joy to [Music] join us cuz it is true. [Music] [Applause] [Music] unspeakable. [Music] Well, he is [Music] glory every Amen. Give him a hand. Amen. Let's sing to him this morning. Thank God I am free. for a long time a [Music] traus. Well, what a wonderful hour. I'm glad that I'm singing now. Thank God I made [Music] free [Music] Jesus. Well, hallelujah. I'm [Music] sing just like the [Music] bird smile. Like the [Music] morning just like [Music] she could bring me is holy. Come on. Sing it for you. Thank [Music] God. Be washed in the blood of Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. I'm safe, safe, safe. I [Music] wonder I'm stand [Music] out from this [Music] world being washed in the Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh my [Music] grace. I'm so glad that I found out the way. Amen. You're free this morning. give you a hand praise and your praise today. Just welcome everyone out to the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Our brother Stewart will be speaking for us this morning. Then I believe brother Malachi this evening. So we're just looking forward to a great day in the Lord. Amen. I believe brother Ben is preaching in Chicago this morning and brother Joel is in Wisconsin. So just keep them in prayer. Amen. As they're speaking this morning at different churches there that the Lord will just speak through them. Amen. Bless somebody there. Amen. We got a few requests this morning. Want to remember brother Bruce Sims said some of them was sick today over that way. Sister Jane also said it. Sister Fritz isn't feeling well and sister mom. Sister Lor's mom is sick as well too there. So just keep her in prayer. Also from sister Alice Helen is has a possible gallbladder problem. So we'll see a doctor Tuesday. So remember that request in your heart. You're just looking for a little good time in the Lord today. Amen. Let's go for our brother start. Amen. Ask have a need on your heart by the uplifting hand. [Music] Amen. Father God, we just thank you for your mercy and your grace. Father, we just come to you with many needs. Lord, we have many needs. Father, we ask you to those who are traveling away. We just ask you to bless them and keep them safe from suffering and sick. Father, we just ask you to give them healing to us. Father, we just ask you to speak to our hearts today. Jesus Christ can be seated. I'll sing this to you. When I was telling [Music] you, let's hear you sing it now. Just Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. All you can have all of this world [Music] just now is worshiping this morning. Tell him singing for me. [Music] Oh, just give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Now you can have all this. Just give me now come to die. Oh, now if I come to just give me [Music] Jesus, give me Jesus. Love can have all this world. Just give me Jes. Tell him now. Give me Jesus. Oh, give me [Music] Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Well, you can have all this world. Just give me J. Amen. Amen. Give him one hand of praise this morning. Amen. Our desire this morning, he just come down and speak to us. A we got Sister Tanya in with us still. Amen. We're going to Brother Joel said we're going to work her hard while she's here. Amen. appreciate her singing for us this morning. Amen. [Music] Little girl was lying there. They just laughed at Jesus. He said, "She's always sleeping." But as he took her by the head, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. And some began to say, "He's in the house. Dead had to flee. Now there is light. Where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. I was like that little girl dead in all my sins. Till Jesus touched his heart and mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of plain. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in the house. have had to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Oh, praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. house. I was like that little girl, dead in all my sins. Till Jesus touched his heart of mine and gave me life again. Now I'm just a house to play. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Death had to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Oh, death had to flee. Now there is light where darkness shoes to be. Now there is hope. There's no doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] You saw me in my need. You paid the price for me. And through your love I have been set free. Now I am not the same. You took my sin and shame forever. I will bless your holy name. I adore you. I adore you. Lamb of God, my savior, prince of peace. I adore you. I adore you, Jesus. You mean all the world to me. I adore you, Lord. You came and rescued me. You heard my desperate plea. And by your grace, I have been redeemed. Now I will always see. Your love has ransomed me. Forever. I will lift my voice in praise. I adore you. I adore you. Lamb of God, my savior, prince of peace. I adore you. I adore you, Jesus. You mean all the world to me. I adore you, Lord. You called me by my name and I am not ashamed to show the world Christ who lives in me. I'm looking for the day this body will be changed and face to face. Praise the King of Kings. I adore you. I adore you. Lamb of God, my savior, prince of peace. I adore you. I adore you, Jesus. You mean all the world to me. I adore you, Lord. Amen. Give our singers a good hand this morning. Amen. Appreciate that. Amen. Appreciate our specials this morning. Amen. Let's just stand together. We'll invite Brother Stewart to come this morning. Amen. and just looking for the word of the Lord today. Amen. Let's just enter in now. Ask God to speak to the need in our heart and in our life. Amen. Sing this little song to him now as he comes. Falling in love. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. It's the best thing I've ever done. In his arms, I feel protected. In his arms, we're never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. No place I'd ra be. Sing it to me now. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. It's the best thing I've ever done. In his arms. In his arms. I feel protected in his arms and never disconnected in his arms. Amen. Is that the way you feel this morning? Amen. No place, no place I pray. Sing it to now. Falling in love. [Music] Falling in love with [Applause] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with [Applause] Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Oh, in his arms I feel protected. In his arms, never [Music] disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be. Let's just bow our hearts before him this morning. If you just have a request, just make that known to him as we go to him in prayer. Lord, we're just a grateful people here this morning. Lord, once again, gathered in your presence, Lord, gathered, Lord, with believers of like, precious faith, Lord, around the the word of the hour, Lord. And we just we're just so thankful this morning. We know that you're a present help in a time of need, in a time of trial, Lord, at whatever we're going through, whatever the need would be. We know that you're on time this morning. We know that you're able to speak to every heart. We know that you're able to move in every situation, Lord. Whatever the the need would be, small or great, Lord, we know that you're able this morning. So, we've got a faith and a love in you this morning, Lord. Our hearts are anchored, Lord, in you. Lord, we just ask now that you would just just move me aside this morning, Lord. May you just move in a special way for your people, Lord. May the word of God just come forth in power, Lord, in love. We pray now. We just ask that you would just bless your people, the purchased of your possession. These are your people, Lord. We just pray that you would, Lord, speak to them this morning. We pray. We love you now. In Jesus name, we ask these things. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. Just happy to be here. Amen. Let's just turn the scriptures to a familiar scripture. St. John 3 and 16. St. John 3 and 16. Certainly miss our brother Ben and brother Joel. We know they're at a wedding and I believe Brother Joel may be may be preaching this morning. I know brother Ben is too actually. And so we're just we'll be in prayer for them. Amen. I asked my kids what I should preach on and and uh Luke told me I should preach on Psalms 23. And then Maddie just said, "Make sure your title is not really long." And so I couldn't help you out, Maddie. I I've got a long title here this morning. They're writing everything down over there. And so, Amen. This uh St. John's 3:16, familiar scripture. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through him might be saved. And he that believeth on him is not condemned. But he that believeth not is condemned already because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. Amen. and you can be seated this morning. We just pray God would bless the reading of his word. Just kind of the the thought that we've been having for a little bit inspired by the divine and a subtitle of the attribute of God's love and grace expressed to us. We look here. Amen. God lo God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that that we who believe in him would not perish that we would not be lost that we would not be written off and and destroyed but that we would have everlasting life through God's son that he gave to to all of us to have everlasting life and not just from service to service or meeting to meeting but an eternal well springing up in our soul s it's an eternal well it's a everlasting peace it's an everlasting joy and and that's what God through Jesus Christ he he expressed himself and and gave himself uh through Jesus Christ amen to to give back that life and that's an it's an overcoming life that uh the overcoming life of Christ in the believer producing producing a love producing a a divine love a producing a faith a love of faith in his word. And brother Brham says here and familiar here, but he said, "I used to think that God was angry with me, but Christ loved me. And I come to find out that Christ was the very heart of God. He is God's heart, and Jesus Christ is God's heart." So, and we've ministered on these things before. Maybe just kind of go back over some of them. So all that God was, he expressed in that body of his son. And all that God was, he poured into Christ. And that life expressed and made visible, showed and put on display his eternal power and godhead. He showed us through his son his very own divine his his divine nature the nature of God that we might as the scripture says be more be made partakers. Amen. By divine allotment. Amen. All that and all that God was all that God was he poured into Christ. Amen. That we might be made partakers. Amen. All that God was that was in Christ and he pours into you and I. And that divine nature that God expressed that God put on display. Amen. He didn't just bottled up uh within himself, within his son, his only begotten son, but he gave his only begotten son. Amen. That that eternal godhead and power could be expressed. Amen. In a people, amen, in a young people and in an old people. And whoever would desire it, Amen. that it could be poured down. That eternal Godhead expressed. Amen. That divine nature. Amen. Amen. coming into this old sinful nature. Amen. The Bible says that we are born in sin, shaped in iniquity, coming into the world, speaking lies. But God so chose to express himself by his love and by his grace. Amen. And pour himself. Amen. And release himself, empty himself into Christ. Amen. That we could be made partakers of that divine nature, that expression of God. Amen. Amen. That that nature, God's nature comes down and it destroys our sin nature. It destroys. Amen. The the nature that you were born with. Amen. And then we then become bound. Amen. We were bound by the enemy. We were bound by the devil. We were bound by habits. Amen. Amen. But thanks be to God, love was expressed through Jesus Christ. Amen. And the love of God was shed abroad in our hearts by the indwelling by the filling of the Holy Ghost. Amen. That's what it means this this morning. The the expression of love. That was God pouring himself. Amen. Expressing himself by the Holy Ghost and releasing you. Amen. You're released this morning. Amen. We can cut loose in the house of God this morning. Amen. You're released. Amen. We're no longer bound. Amen. You don't have to be bound. If you are bound this morning, there's been a releasing come by the expression of the love of Jesus Christ. Amen. We can cut loose this morning. Amen. We can worship God. We can respond to the word of God. We can enter in the service. Amen. Amen. You can come and get what you ask for. Amen. If you need something this morning, amen. Cut loose. Amen. Enter in the service. Amen. Reach out. Amen. And grab the blessing of God. Amen. Amen. Brother Renham says here in Christ is a mystery of God revealed. He said this is God's great mystery of love expressed that God and man became one. See the whole thing is God and man. God and man was one there and God and man is one here. See what is it? Being filled with his spirit. him having the preeminences. That was God's achievement. That was God's purpose to do that he might be in Christ and Christ in us. And all of us together, the Holy Spirit, the same thing. It revealed it to Christ. It reveals it here. Amen. It reveals it here. Amen. The supernatural creative power. Amen. That's the That's the That's what God has wanted all along. Amen. that supernatural creative power not just within himself. Amen. To speak worlds, to speak stars, and to speak this into existence. Amen. That he might have the preeminence in a man. Amen. And not just in that man, but that he might have preeminence in a young people. preeminence. Amen. In a people, amen, in the age of Leodysia, that he could express himself. That he could express his love and grace. That he could be your sufficiency. That in your in your dire time of need that he could be the one that could step in and express himself. Amen. And express himself. Amen. And have the preeminence. And and that you could have a testimony of no matter what no matter what the need would be, the sickness, the trial. Amen. You can say and you can testify by God's love and by God's grace, he brought me through it. Amen. I don't know how, but he's my sufficiency. I just stepped aside. I just moved aside and let him come in. That's all he wants this morning. He wants us to move aside. He wants us to step aside. Amen. That we that he could come in and have all preeminence and dwell in the fullness. Amen. And express his his power, express his love, express his grace to us. Amen. Amen. I'm going to preach myself out here too quick. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. We look at our scripture. For God so loved the world. For God so loved the world, he gave his life for mine. Thank you. He gave his life. He could have bottled it up within himself. Amen. He was a man just as I was. He had desires. He He wanted to He could have He had a right to have a family. Brother Ram said he had a right to have this and a right to have that. But he laid all that side aside and he sanctified himself for you and I. He sanctified himself. Amen. That we could that we could have fellowship this morning. Amen. That you could have fellowship with him. Amen. It's not something of the past. It's not something of the future. But he's a present tense God this morning. Amen. That's what how he wants to reveal himself. Amen. Amen. In present tense, to break the captive, to break us that were bound in chains. Amen. To show us power, to show us love, to break the chains that are upon our lives. And brother Ram tells a story here in God projecting his love. He talking about during the the civil war. He said there was a soldier that was tried and court marshal marshal for a certain crime and and this man was set to be shot at sunrise. And the day before some of his friends, some of his close companions, whoever, they went to the president and begged for this man's life. And the president, brother Bram, tells the story of being in a hurry, being in a hurry to having different things to do, picked up a a small piece of paper and wrote on it, "I pardon this man, and signed his name, Abraham Lincoln." And the carrier brought the piece of paper down there. The pardon on this piece of paper, the releasing power on this piece of paper signed by the president of the United States. Amen. He carried this piece of paper and he brought it to the cell and and said to the man, "You're free. You're free. The pardoning is here. You're free." But the man looked and there just he said it just didn't mean much to him. It didn't seem official. there just just on a piece of paper. Amen. But on that piece of paper was a man that wrote that had authority. Was a man that wrote that had something that would back up his word. We we've seen the pardons now. It's almost a joke. There is pardoning whoever for whatever reason. But this man, he was in need of a pardon. He needed this. It was a life and death situation. But he wrote it off like it was nothing. Like it was nothing. It did. It didn't mean nothing to him. It didn't come in a great way. The president didn't come himself. His word wasn't good enough. You see what I mean this morning? The the word has got to mean something to us. It's more than more than just words on a page. It's more than just a book. Amen. But there's an authority behind the word of God. There's an authority. Amen. When you open your Bible and you read, Amen. And that authority, amen, is there to give you power because we have no power of our own. We have no power to break the chains upon us. Amen. But God has given you authority by the word of God. Amen. He's given you the power. Amen. If you can accept it, Amen. There's a releasing power this morning. Amen. You can cut loose of everything that's holding you back as a son or daughter of God. Amen. And if we miss that, if we're just good message people sitting on a pew, we've missed it. We've missed it in this hour. Amen. God has come. Amen. And brought his word. Amen. God has come and brought his love. Amen. To bring forth sons and daughters of the word. Amen. The next morning the man wrote it off. The next morning the man died and sentenced by the fire the by the firing squad. There the paper was written with the president's name. the man is p pardoned and they shot him after the man the president pardoned him and they took this and they I guess he found out about it that why was this man shot? Why was this man killed? He had a pardon and they determined that a pardon can only be re be a pardon except it be received as a pardon. Amen. We've got to receive the pardon this morning. Amen. Amen. Don't beat yourself up. Amen. There's a pardon written for you in this hour. Don't let Satan beat you over the head by what you done yesterday. There's a pardon in this hour. Amen. There's a word of God, amen, that releases you and I. Amen. And it is written by the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. All authority, all heaven is behind it in this hour. Amen. All heaven is behind the word of God in this hour. We can be free. See, the man took the wrong attitude towards the pardon. Maybe it didn't come the way that he thought it should have, but it come nonetheless. Amen. The authority was there, but it had to be received as a pardon. And brother Ram says here, he says, St. John 3:16 is a pardon to every mortal man and woman on earth. If if it's received as a pardon, but if it's not, you're still condemned. For God so loved the world, he said, "What a pardon to Adam's fallen race to any man or woman that wants to receive it. It's a free pardon for you and me. All we've got to do is read and hear that pardon and accept that pardon." Amen. Amen. And he goes on to say, "The love of God, love is a powerful force. When love is projected and it and it comes to its end, it strength, sovereign grace will take it up from there and project the object that it's asked for." Amen. That's the reason we have a savior tonight because God loved the world and that and being projected to the world produced a savior. He says here God wanted this wanted to see you well so much his love went out and it produced an atonement for your sickness and for your sins. It was a love that constrained him to do it. Amen. Love constrained God to produce a savior. Amen. God had within him. God had within him attributes to be expressed. Attributes to be a savior, to be a healer, to be a redeemer. And his love constrained him. It compelled him to express himself to all who could receive and accept the pardon. Yes, sir. To all who could receive and accept it. St. John 3:16, the the scripture that we know so well for God so loved the world that he be gave his only begotten son. The one that we know so well, it is a pardon to you and I. It is a pardon to Adam's fallen race. Adam and Eve sold you out. They sold me out. Amen. They sold us out when they when they got be away from the word. They sold us out when they and when they accepted the lie of the devil. Amen. And they sold us out. Amen. And they put us in the devil's pawn shop. But brother Ram said, "Thanks be to God." Amen. I was in the devil's pawn shop. But one day, Jesus come by. The one who paid the price. The one who had the pardoning power. The one that loved me so so much that would come down and lift me up from from what I was when I was unlovable. Amen. I we we deserve God's judgment, but he took God's judgment upon himself. Amen. Amen. You don't have to stand. You don't have to sit in condemnation, amen, with that feeling all over you. Amen. That you're not going to make it. That you're going to hell. Amen. There's a releasing power in this hour. There's a releasing power this morning. There's a releasing power this morning here if you'll accept it. Now, I know I'm preaching to the saved. This is just what's on my heart. If it ain't for you, then just throw it out and just just preach with me. Okay? Amen. Amen. Jesus paid the price. He paid the price. You believe that this morning that he paid the price. He paid the ultimate price. And when you purchase something, when you go buy something, you don't just wait a couple years to go get it. Amen. You go get it. I'm going to pick it up. Man, I spent money on this. Saved up. It's mine. And Jesus Christ gave his blood, spilled his blood. He didn't purchase you to lose you. Amen. But he's coming to get you this morning. He's coming to get you. Amen. It's a predestinated moment. It's a predestinated hour. What a time it is to be a Christian. What a time it is to be alive. What a time it is for God to choose you and I to live. Amen. And come and we can accept the blessings, accept the grace of God. Amen. And be an expression of what he did for us. What a time it is to be a Christian. Amen. The world is in chaos. Amen. The world is in confusion. Amen. But the bride is not in chaos. She is not in confusion. Amen. God has spoke directly to her. Amen. By the prophet of Malachi 4. Amen. Amen. God has revealed himself to her through St. Luke 17:30. Amen. God has revealed the mystery. Amen. It's no longer a hidden thing. Amen. Revelation 10:7. Amen. The whole thing has been blowed wide open. Everything's been showed to you. Amen. Just come and accept it in this hour. Amen. Accept it. Amen. That you're a part of it. Hallelujah. You buy something, I'm going to go pick it up. And the pardoning and purchasing power of the blood has redeemed us from our fallen condition and it's able to pick us up. Amen. It's not it's not a something that's ineffective. Man, I'm preaching right at these guys here. I'm sorry. Sorry, y'all. Right here. It's effective this morning. It's effective. We can testify of its power this morning. We can testify of its goodness. We can testify that it works. That we were down low, as low as we could go in sin, but something picked us up. We weren't worthy. Amen. But he made us worthy. Amen. One that was worthy. Come by. Moses wasn't worthy. He made mistakes. David wasn't worthy. He made mistakes. Paul wasn't worthy. He made mistakes. Brother Brandon wasn't worthy. No man was worthy, but one man. Amen. And that man gave his life. He gave us all. Amen. To pick you up and to bring you out. Amen. In this hour. Yes, sir. Amen. His grace came to me when I was lost. Came to me when I was bound. Thank Thank you, Lord, that I had enough faith to realize it. Amen. That you had an ear to hear and that you had eyes to see. Amen. And there was a tug on your heart. Be thankful in this hour. There's a tug on on your heart. Amen. To be able to hear the voice of God. Amen. To hear the wooing of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Saying, "You are you are mine. You are mine. Come unto me." Amen. All you that are heavy laden. And I will give you the rest of the Holy Ghost. Amen. You won't no longer. It won't be you trying to do it, but I'll come and do it through you. That's what the Holy Ghost is. It's him in you. It's greater is he that is in you than the devil of Leodysia of this lukewarm condition of this lukewarm hour that we live in. Amen. Greater is he that is in us. Amen. John 8:36 the son therefore shall make you free. You shall be be free indeed. Amen. Not part of the way, not halfway. God God don't have no halfway Christians. You're not a sinner and a saint. Amen. He's made you free in this hour. Amen. If there will make you free, you shall be free indeed. Amen. He picked you up. He made you free. Amen. He made you that. Amen. He made you free in this hour. Amen. Don't go back to the bondage of of the world. Don't go back to the the weak and beggarly elements of of the things of this life. Don't go back and be tied down and choked down by those things. Amen. Be free in this hour by the pardoning and the love of Jesus Christ. Romans 8:31 love the scripture. There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do, and that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh or and for sin condemns sin in the flesh. So what the what he's saying here, the what the law couldn't do, what it couldn't produce, the Holy Spirit could. And on Mount Transfiguration, there was Christ and there was Moses and Elijah. And Peter there tried to quickly make a a denomination out of the thing. He tried to make a tabernacle for Elijah and one for Moses and one for Jesus. But in the end, Amen. Moses and Elijah went away. The law and the prophets went away. Amen. There was no releasing power in the law and the prophets. Amen. It was weak. It could not deliver this flesh. Amen. But in the end, all they could see was Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hear ye him. Hear ye him. Amen. Amen. And this is whom and my beloved son and whom I'm pleased to dwell in. Hear ye him. Amen. Hear his voice in the in this hour, man. When you read the scripture, when you hear the message, amen. Amen. That that's a deity expressed in this hour. That is the light expressed in this hour. Amen. Through the word of God speaking to you. Amen. Trying to give you power. trying to give you, amen, that power to to release you. Amen. And when you hear him, there's no condemnation. Amen. There's no condemnation. Amen. The sentence. Amen. That that that that this world that the that the devil put on you. Amen. That damnatory sentence there. That's what that word means. The damnatory sentence. Amen. That condition. Amen. He took you from that condition. Amen. He took your prison sentence. Amen. He went to prison for you. He went to hell for you. He took the sentence for you. He did the time. Amen. Amen. On the third day, he rose again. Amen. Amen. And that body would not see corruption. Amen. Amen. But he did the time that was necessary. Amen. He went to jail for you and I. Oh Lord, I wish I could preach. I'll eat that later. That'd be good. on my stomach. Man, he did the time. I couldn't do the time. I couldn't go to hell. We deserve to go to hell. But we don't have to. He did the time. Amen. Amen. He went to hell and he took the keys. Amen. He overcome death, hell, and the grave and rose again on the third day. Amen. God's expression of love and grace produced that. It produced a blood. It produced an atonement. Amen. To for sin. It produced a Holy Ghost and overcoming life for you and I. Oh my Lord help us. 1957. Why some people can't keep the victory. I I like the title of that sermon. You go listen to that this week. Look what he said here. Listen. Oh brother, God gave the Holy Spirit, God's love to control the church. Not smart, educated, but love. Gifts goes in the church, but it don't control the church. Love controls the church. And God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. His love constrain him to do it. And when a love is constrained and sovereign grace projects its object. And may I say that again? When divine love is projected, grace produces its object. And God loved the world so much that sovereign grace projected a savior to the world. He said, "Yes indeed. When you love God so much, sovereign grace will project to you the baptism of the Holy Ghost to make you live and love and be a real Christian." Amen. Is that what you want to be in this hour? Amen. Do you want to be a a real Christian? Amen. To have life. To have love. Not to be a not to be hateful. Not to be sinful. Amen. But to but to have life. to have the life of Jesus Christ projected the overcoming life. Amen. And he said, "Whosoever believes in him, as we read, whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life." You believe it this morning? Do you really believe it? It's an everlasting life to the believer, to whoever can accept it. It's everything you have need of. Read here in Numbers 20 and two. 20 and two. Numbers 20 and two. And there was no water for the congregation. And they gathered themselves together against Moses and Aaron. And the people choed with Moses and spake, saying, ' Would God that we had died when our brethren died before the Lord? And why have you brought the congregation of the Lord into this wilderness, that we and our cattle should die there? And wherefore have you made us to come up out of Egypt to bring us unto this evil place? It is a it is no place of seed or of figs or of vines or pomegranates. Neither is there any water to drink. And Moses and Aaron went from the presence of the assembly unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they fell upon their faces. And the glory of the Lord appeared unto them. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Take thy rod, and gather thou the assembly together. For thou and Aaron, thy brethren speak ye unto the rock before their eyes, and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock. So thou shalt give the congregation and their beast drink. And Moses took the rod from before the Lord, as he commanded him. And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock and said unto them, "Here now, ye rebels, must we fetch you water out of this rock." And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smoked the rock twice, and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beast also. And the Lord spake unto Moses and Aaron, because you believed me not to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them. He said, "This is the water of Meabbah. Because the children of Israel strove with the Lord, and he was sanctified in them." That word Meaba there means strife and contention. We see here Moses got himself into trouble. It cost him being able to go into the land to be able to lead the children of Israel into the land. The Lord told him because you have believed me not because of your unbelief and your distrust in what I said. You did not sanctify me. You did not honor me. You did not honor what I said. The people made it hard on Moses. They chided the prophet by complaining about the dryness of the wilderness. The people made it hard on Moses. They chided the prophet by complaining and complaining. And they let their love, listen to this, they let their love for the promise of God to bring them to the to the land leave their hearts. They let that love leave their hearts for that promise that he would see them through. that he would bring them through to the place that he told them. Their heart wasn't wasn't in it anymore. That's right. The way became too hard. Don't let that be us in this hour. Amen. When the way gets hard, may we just draw that much nearer to the word. Amen. May God give us a renewing day by day by day. Amen. We go through hard things. We go through hard times. Amen. But each morning, the Bible says, each morning, his mercies are new. Amen. It can be a new day. It ain't got to be what it was yesterday. That was yesterday's child. Amen. Amen. Today is a new day. This church service is a new church service. Amen. We can come with a different expectation. Amen. It's not got to got to be what it was before. My my my expectation can be greater. It can be something greater. Amen. Amen. I can live. Amen. Amen. not off what yesterday was. Amen. But I can look forward, amen, to know that there's a God, amen, that can renew my life. Amen. I I may have wonderings. I may have backslidings. Amen. But that there's a voice of God, amen, speaking to your heart. Amen. Amen. Let him come in and renew that flame. Let him renew that love. Amen. I'm just preaching to you. If we can get to the 45 mark, I'll let y'all out. Okay. But see, they left God. They begin to complain. They begin to murmur. They're the ones that left him. God never leaves you and I. It's us that leave him. It's us that make it hard on ourselves. Amen. But he he's always there. Amen. He said he would never leave us nor forsake us. Amen. And that rock that had that water followed them wherever they went. They didn't have to complain. The Rock was there the whole time. And you don't have to complain about the service this morning and the preacher and and who didn't show up and and who did show up. You don't have to complain. The rock's here this morning. Amen. The rock's here. It's an eternal rock. Amen. Amen. The pillar of fire has returned after 2,000 years. Amen. God has shown himself alive. That he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. You don't have to complain. It's not my responsibility to bring the presence of God. It's God's responsibility. Amen. To come in this hour. Amen. It's our responsibility to show up. Amen. To come our way. To come to meet God halfway, sir. I ain't trying to be mean. If you're thirsty this morning, come get a drink. If your soul's thirsty this morning, speak to the rock this morning. But there Moses, instead of taking the divine instructions that had been given, the commandment of God only required for it to be smitten once. This rock had already been smitten. And the divine instructions told them that after the this rock was struck by the rod of Moses, then to then speak to the rock. Amen. in the time. But you know, you know, when things get hard, when things get rough, when things get dry, you know, in the in the times of desert, Amen. Everybody gets all worked up, don't they? When things ain't going the right way. Amen. When the bills are piling up, Amen. You know, we all get a little frustrated. Amen. When things ain't quite going our way. Amen. We're in a wilderness. We're We're in a wilderness. We are. We're going to the rapture. We're we're in type, you know, we can we can put ourselves in a land you can Hey, hey, this is a wilderness journey. We're on a journey by faith. And it's going to take faith to get us from point A to point B. And point A is is he that began a good work and point B will be the he that that finishes it. Amen. And I just got to put faith and confidence in him that that he's going to provide that he's going to see me through. That whenever whenever a situation rises that that when I meet it that God will meet me there. I've got to believe that. Amen. We're on a journey. Amen. We've got needs. Amen. We've got we got things that we go through. Amen. But there's there's an everpresent help this morning. Amen. It's more than the preacher. It's more than the deacons. It's more than more than even a prophet. Amen. There was a rock. Amen. Even when Moses disobeyed. Amen. There was a rock there. Even when he didn't do it exactly like God God showed him and God told him, "Amen, the waters still came forth." Amen. Because God's got a people that he's going to bring through. Amen. He's got a people that he's going to bring to the land. Amen. He's got a people this morning that he's going to bring to a rapture. Amen. Amen. In a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Amen. We shall be changed. Amen. We're going to be changed. Amen. From what? These old bodies are going to change. Amen. They're going to put on incorruption. God's bringing us to that place. I got to believe it. You got to believe it. Amen. Don't lose your way because things get hard. Amen. You got to believe it. You got to press on in Jesus name. But in the dry times, the times of what seems like dire need, when we come under trials and tribulations, famine, temptation, the way becomes harder than what we expected it to be. I didn't expect it to be this hard. I'm a young person. I didn't expect it to be like this. I'm alone. It's hard. It's not easy. It's not supposed to be easy. Amen. But in those hard times, that's where he meets you. In those hard times, he'll give you a drink. When your throat is parched and you you're dry and you don't know how much further you can make it. Amen. God will give you something to eat. God will give you something. Amen. He'll come by your way. Amen. He'll he'll he'll give you a scripture. He'll give you a message to listen to. You'll let the preacher say one thing if he can give you a drink. You can keep going. Amen. Sometimes it's like that. We don't have to be parched this morning. We don't have to be parched. There's a case of water back there. I can drink till I can't drink no more. There's more than enough this morning for everybody to go around. You don't have to be parched in the desert. You can be full of life and full of water. But we complain when it gets hard. We complain about the hard times. We complain about the dryness of the service. But remember, there's a rock in a weary land. There's a rock this morning in your weary land. Amen. All you have to do is speak to the rock. All you have to do is begin to worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. And watch him come on the scene. I believe that this morning. Show up in this service. show up in the next service. Amen. Amen. He He's an on time God. Amen. To show up to prove that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. You can speak to the rock this morning. Whatever you have need of. When we become exhausted and tired and faint, don't lose your love for the word because it's not going your way. Don't become contentious. Don't live in the land of strife. Don't drink the water of strife. Don't become contentious with the message. Don't become contentious with your brother and sister. We're all trying to get to the same place. Amen. And together we press towards the prize of of the high calling of Jesus Christ. We're pressing. Amen. Don't be hard on one another. Don't don't be hard on Moses. Don't be hard on on the message. Amen. Don't be hard on the pastor. Don't be hard on whoever. Your brother and sister, your mom and dad. Amen. We're all trying to get to the same place. Amen. Amen. Don't lose your love. Don't lose your focus like they did. And a God that will bring you through, that will lift you up. Amen. Listen. The same God that inspired and told a prophet to take his rod and strike the waters of the Red Sea to make a way. That was the same God that made a way when they when they come to the river Jordan and they parted the waters there and they walked upon dry ground. The river was high. There was no way across. But the same God that was at the Red Sea was the same God that was at Jordan. Amen. Elijah, Amen. When he went away, Elisha got my father, my father, the horsemen and the chariots thereof. Amen. Amen. But when he come to the river, Amen. He took that man of Elijah. He didn't say, "Where is where is Elijah?" He struck the waters and he said, "Where is the Lord God of Elijah?" Amen. We don't need a prophet to come back on the scene. Amen. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Everything that he could ever do for you, he did while he was in this flesh. Amen. And if he's not the same in every way now, then he's not God. Amen. He's the omnipotent, the omn omnipresent, omnisient. He knows your need. Amen. And he is all powerful this morning. And he's an ontime God. Amen. He knows right when to show up. Yes, sir. But you got to call that God upon the scene. Amen. Amen. Not Elijah, not your not your favorite preacher. Amen. That God's got to be in you. Amen. And you call him on the scene. That same God that said, "Smite the rock, the rock once, and then speak." That same God has provided you everything you have need of to make a rapture. I believe that in this hour, don't you? Don't you believe he's sufficient in this hour? Amen. The Holy Ghost. Amen. Taking the word, living upon the word. Amen. Worshiping him in spirit and truth. Amen. Building up the believer. Building up your holy faith and the oracles of God. Building the son and daughter of God to meet the challenge of the hour. Amen. It takes God's love. Only way we'll make it is by his grace, by his love. That's the only way we'll make it. Brother said, "It'll take it'll take perfect love to be in that place." The divine love that was expressed, amen, that same love just comes and and is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost. I know this is simple. Amen. But that love, amen, he can come and give you a fresh baptism this morning. Amen. If you're hard, if you're hardened, if you if you become weary along the way, amen, that things have gotten difficult. Amen. There's a fresh baptism of love for you this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. We get so revelated. Amen. We We think we don't need love. We don't need faith in this this hour. Amen. Amen. We need love. That's the only thing that's going to enter that place is perfect love. That's the only thing that's going to overcome Leodosa and every demon cuz they're all coming after you. Amen. But it's love. Amen. And love will drive back fear. It'll drive back confusion and it'll drive back the enemy because the enemy don't know what that is. He can't stay in the presence of that divine love. When the divine love of the Holy Ghost was shed abroad in your hearts the day you were saved, sanctified, filled. Amen. Amen. It runs Satan out. Amen. It runs Satan out. He was bound by a chain of circumstance. Then it could no longer work with you anymore. Amen. Because love came in. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when there seemed to be no way. Love lifted me. I'm just preaching this morning. We'll try to hurry up. Same God that brought forth water out of the rock. The same God will take you to the rapture. The same God that gives you overcoming victory at every turn. Amen. We're not a defeated people. Amen. But God has given you the victory. Amen. Well, we've got to keep that love renewed in us. Do you believe that? In the first church age, Ephesians church age, he said, "I have somewhat against you because you've left your first love." We understand that. Brother Brham says here, he said, "What's the matter with the tabernacle?" A man ought to be able to say when you meet a man is your Christian experience when when was it dearest to you? He said you ought to be able to say right now. Well, my best experience was back when I first got to baptism the Holy Ghost when I come. He said, "Brother, then you've fallen from grace." That's right. He said, "Thou you've left your first love, showing that you had something in the beginning and left it." He said, "Not he that beginth, but he that endureth to the end, the same shall be saved. Not the ones that start out, but the ones that go on. No matter how hard it gets, they keep that love, that spark, that flame going. Not all that say, "Lord, Lord," but the one that doeth the will of my father. He said, "Let me just soak in a few minutes." He said, "Anyhow, just let us soak." He said, "He that doeth the will, not he that endureth, but he that endureth to the end." He said, "No, if you think about that, I if you think that about me, I'll leave church." Go on with me now. Preach with me now. If you think that about me, I'll leave church. I won't I won't have no more to do with it. He said, "All right, there you are. Shows what you're made out, brother. If it was a wheat to begin with, it'll be a wheat at the end. You just never stayed long enough down there or you never made the thing right." He said, "Remember from when you fall." He said, "Go back and remember when you used to have the experience where you wouldn't talk about nobody." Listen to me. Listen to me. Anything went anything went wrong in the church. You didn't sit on your neighbor's steps over there and talk about the church and talk about everybody else and fly loose and go join another church. You stayed right there patiently and prayed it out and God brought it on through. That's where we got to get to, church. If we fallen from that, that's where we got to get back to a God that'll bring it through. Amen. Not Amen. We ain't We ain't got to fly off the handle. Amen. But there's a God that'll bring it through in this hour. Sir, good. Love. Expression of love. Amen. It's not just in Christ. It wasn't just in God. Wasn't just in Christ. But it's expression of the eternal Godhead and power by love. Love will conquer everything. Love conquers every enemy. 1 Peter 4 and7 the end of all things is at hand. Peter said be fervent in prayer be sober and above all things have fervent charity among yourselves for charity shall cover the multitude of sins. So he says above all have have a fervent charity above everything keep a love for the moving of the spirit above everything keep a love for the truth. Keep a love for the brethren, for your brother and sister. Amen. And it's in the hard times that we as the bride of Christ can come. Amen. We can come and sit together in heavenly places in the presence of Jesus Christ. We can come and sit here. We can take our position in the word. We can take our stand, amen, on the word. We can come together in worship in spirit and in truth. Amen. Amen. And we as the bride, amen, we can join together. We can join our licks of fire here this this morning. Amen. We can join our licks of fire here this morning. Amen. That little bit that little bit of fire. Amen. Brother said it's the size of your thumbnail. Amen. That God deposited in you by the Holy Ghost. Amen. He pulled it off that pillar of fire and by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Deposited that little bit in there. Amen. We can take our elix of fire and join in faith this this morning. We can join in faith. Amen. Amen. And we can bring amen. The spirit of God so upon the scene. Amen. Amen. to come under the authority of the word. Amen. To join our faith. Amen. For those that are battling, for those that are struggling, amen. And when we can stand, Amen. Amen. And bind the enemy. Amen. He said, "Whatsoever you loose on earth, I'll loose it in heaven. Whatsoever you bind on earth, I'll bind it in heaven." The church has that power this morning. 1 John 4:17, "Here is our love made perfect that we may have boldness in the day of judgment, because as he is, so are we in this world. There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear, because fear hath torment. And he that fearth is not made perfect in love. We love him because he first loved us." So he said here in our love is made perfect that we may have boldness in the day of judgment and that word judgment there is your damnation the accusation the trial the contest and that which was meant to destroy you. Amen. That judgment that that no doubt would come upon us without without the mercy and the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Our love is made perfect. Amen. that we have may may have boldness to be able to stand and withstand these things. We stand by love. Amen. A perfect love cast out all fear. I'll try to wind it down here. 1951 faith is a substance. He said, "Now love one another. Above everything that you do, love one another. And as you love one another, you'll love God. You love each other and you'll love God. For God is love. And if a man walks in love, walks in life, perfect love casteth out all fear. He said, "Then if you can take him at his word and not fear a bit about it, say,"Lord, I love you. I know you're going to answer because you promised me you would. I just know you're going to do it." See, it takes all the fear away. Amen. He says here, "In the power of the devil, I love him and I want you to love him and I want you to believe him. Perfect love casts out all fear. And if you love him with the right kind of heart, you won't have one speck of fear whether he can keep his word or not. Is that the love you have towards him this morning? Is that the love you have towards, Amen, the things that we've heard through the years? Amen. That God is able. That God is able to keep his word. That God is able to bring me my children, to bring me my family, that God is able to heal me of this sickness. Amen. There's not a shadow of a doubt. There should not be a shadow of a doubt. Amen. the faith, amen, that we that we've gathered together, amen, to sit in heavenly places, amen, amen, there ought to be an atmosphere this morning, amen, that amen, there's there shouldn't be one bit of doubt, one bit of confusion of what God is able to do in our midst. Cut loose this morning. Cut loose. Amen. Amen. Don't worry about the chicken. Don't worry about the mashed potatoes. Amen. Cut loose this morning. Amen. Amen. God's here. He's ready to give it to you. Amen. Amen. Just speak to the rock this morning. Amen. Speak. Amen. Put the word on your lips. Amen. How many times have I said amen, ladies? 192. I know somebody's keeping [Laughter] up. Where we at? Are you serious? She's not really counting, is she? Put that thing away. Just like your mama. Matthew 18. Verily I say unto you, whatsoever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Whatsoever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Again I say unto you that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven. Where two or three are gathered in my name, there I am in the midst. Amen. What can we agree upon this morning? What's your need? What's your problem? We can agree on that he's more than able this morning. Is there anything too hard for the Lord? That's the question. Nothing too hard for him this morning. I can't do it within myself, but the authority of the word has given us the power. Amen. We don't have that authority within oursel. Amen. Amen. But he gave it to us. We couldn't produce it, but he gave it to us. Amen. We are gathered in the mighty name of Jesus Christ this morning. Not in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. Not in titles, but we've been gathered in the name of Jesus Christ, the king of kings and the lord of lords. We've come to give him his due due honor. We've come to sanctify the Lord this morning. Not as Moses and and got angry and got upset and and struck the the rock twice and he broke every top and that kept him out of the land. Amen. But we've come to obey the word in this hour. Amen. We've come to sanctify the Lord, to believe the Lord. Amen. To not glorify ourselves. Amen. But to lift up the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. That that at that name every demon has to bow. Everyone has to confess that he's the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. Amen. There's no situation, there's no chain too powerful this morning. Amen. For the power of the Holy Ghost to break that chain. Amen. If you'll accept, Amen. St. John 3:16. Amen. Amen. There's a pardon for you this morning. There's healing for you. There's healing in the rock. There's healing in the rock. Christ Jesus this morning. If you need healing, Amen. He's more than able. Amen. Yes, sir. Brother Ram says here, there's where Moses made his sin by striking the rock the second time instead of speaking to it. He smoked it the first time where to speak of the weakness of the blood of Jesus that he'd have to sm be smitten for each individual. Christ was smitten for our healing. We just speak to the rock now and that brings forth its healing. Speak to him this morning. healing of your body, healing of your mind, of the past, of whatever you're going through, of your soul. Amen. It's a healing power. Amen. From the rock this morning that they can overflow if you'll just speak to them. Not just a little bit. There was enough water in that rock to water two million people and all their cattle. Does it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. But that was God's way of doing things. Amen. They There was a cliff in the rock, Bible says. And there was honey. There was honeycomb. There's honey in the rock this morning. If you're hungry, there's a sweetness of the life in the presence of Jesus Christ. If you're hardened, amen, there's something to sweeten you up this morning. I'll try to wind it down here. He says the rock was the old driest looking place. And yet they where they sang through every old little place where they ought no water, no water. It went to this oasis, no water. Went down there, the spring, no water. And then God tells them to do something ridiculous. Go speak to the dest thing. An old rock sitting up there on the hill. Go speak to that and it'll bring forth water. Amen. There was one that died on the hill one day. No little thing. lifted up as an insign that died on the hill one day. The rock Christ Jesus sir, simple as it is, speak to the rock by faith. When you was saved, you had to meet him there at that place. If you've got a need, we meet him at Calvary because everything was paid for at Calvary. Amen. He says, "What the church needs tonight is to get back on speaking terms with the rock, the rock of ages, Christ Jesus." God smitten that rock. That's God's rock. is the salvation of God. Amen. Can we stand this morning? You love him. You love one another. Amen. Are is the journey hard? Yeah, it's hard sometimes. Amen. But there's a love, amen, that'll carry us through. Amen. I believe that. Amen. and let's just bow our hearts before him. Lord Jesus, we just thank you so kindly. Lord, we love you so much. Lord, we just want to give you honor. We want to give you praise, Lord. We just thank you for all that you've done for us, Lord. You're sufficient this morning, Lord. If there be somebody with a need, Lord, on their heart, or won't you come by their way, Lord? Just just meet that need, Lord. We're depending upon you, Lord. The the way is hard. The way is tough, Lord. We don't know what to do sometimes, but keep us in your will, oh God. Keep us in your way, Lord. Let us not get angry at your word, but let us just fall more and more in love with you, Lord. Lord, let us fall in love with with your word and the things that you've told us, God. May we have just a ferveny for the things of God, just a fervent love for for the brethren, for one another. And we know as we as if we as we love one another, we love God. If you want to do something nice for my children, do something nice for for me. Do something nice for my children. Lord, Lord, we just come, Lord. We need you so much. Lord, won't you come in and s with us this morning, Lord, throughout the day, won't you come in, Lord? Open every heart and every door to every heart. Lord, I pray. Lord, may there not be nothing closed off from you, but Lord, may we have divine fellowship, Lord, as the bride of Jesus Christ, just come down, Lord, oh Lord, throughout the day, Lord, just bless our our fellowship with one another, Lord. May you just be in it, Lord. May you just come, Lord, the remainder of this service, Lord. May you get all glory. We pray now, Jesus name. that man in the middle because I know he first loved me. [Music] Sing praise to that man [Music] who the middle man made it possible that I in the middle. It's because I know that he first loved me. Singing praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. Oh, that middle man made it possible. He sing it from your heart this morning. Oh, I love that man in the middle. It's because I know that he first loved me. We're singing praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. Oh, that middle man. Amen. Amen. You're thankful that he made it possible this morning. Tell him this morning. Oh, I love that man in the middle. It's because I know that he first love me. Singing praise to that man who died on my man made it possible that I could. Sing it to the beginning. Oh, I love that man in the middle. It's because I know that he first will love me. We're singing praise to the king. You died on Mount Cow. Oh, that middle [Music] man. You must try. He was there all the time. Big sing. He He was there. [Music] Oh, amen. Sing it to me. Can you believe it today? The [Music] time [Music] waiting in love. Oh, he was there all the time. He was there. [Music] All the [Music] time he [Music] was waiting for me in He was singing more time to he was there all the [Music] time. He was there all the time. Waiting [Music] patiently in love. was [Music] save the time. Amen. Amen. Amen. I love you, Lord. I lift my voice to the Lord. Keith and I love you, [Music] Lord. And I Amen. You have a need over your heart this morning. Amen to [Music] worship. Oh my soul, rejoice. Oh, take your watch. You made me a sweet. Amen. You love his presence this morning. Amen. He's here to speak to your heart this morning. Amen. Just give your need to. Oh, I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to you, my soul. Oh, rejoice. Oh, take your king in what you hear. may be a sweet, sweet [Music] son. Give you a hand of praise now. Let's try that chorus. I'm amazed. I'm amazed. I'm amazed that you love me. How you feel this morning? Such an amazing love. Precious love. I found a pardon in my sins and washed. I know they're all washed away. All my sins are washed. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm so amazed how you came. It is through your preious blood I found pardon. and my sins are washed. I know they're all washed away. Let's do that second verse. Second verse there. Amen. Yes, it's true. Amen. Oh, yes, it's true. There have been days when I've failed you. And you know the many times I've gone astray. What we learned though, I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. And no one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends could never be as close to me. Now I'm not afraid. Amen. Can we say that today? Amen. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed that you love me, Lord. So amazed how you care. It is through your preious blood I found. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed. Amen. Give him another hand of praise this morning. Amen. Enjoy the word of the Lord this morning. Certainly appreciate our brother Stewart just pouring his heart out this morning and the Lord speaking to us. We just appreciate that. Looking forward to the service this evening at three. Amen. Just come expecting. Come pulling. Amen. And just come believing this evening. Amen. Let's sing a little of course that he set me free as you go. Are you glad you're free this morning? Well, once like a bird in prison, I dwell. No freedom from my sorrow. I fed. Then Jesus came and he listened to me. And glory to God, you know, he set me. Amen. Well, now he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Amen. God bless you. You save the person for me. Well, now I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see. Glory to God. You know, he set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away. My feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God. You know I'm whole bound. He set me free. Yes. He set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. Well, now I'm glory bound. My Jesus to sin. Singing glory to God. Amen. Well, now goodbye to sin and things that confound. Oh, not of this world will turn me around. I'm working. I'm praying too. And glory to God. You know I'm going through. Well, now he set me free. He set me free. He broke the bones of prison for me. [Music] Jesus You see, he [Music]
