################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - Our Sacrifice of Praise  61825 Pastor Ben Pruitt - Ben Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-19
Title:   Our Sacrifice of Praise  6/18/25 Pastor Ben Pruitt
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ccg4qSB4V20
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] together. [Music] All right. [Music] [Music] I'll take [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] be [Music] till Jesus. came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Till my Jesus came and he made me whole, I would not be denied. As Jacob in the days of old, I wrestled with the Lord [Music] and with a courage bone I stood upon his holy word. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Well, old Satan said my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ our Lord is here. Oh, I would. Oh, with all your hearts. Now, let me hear you sing it. Oh, no. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not. One more time. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. and give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Good to see each and every one of you out in the house of the Lord. Urskin family, welcome back. Good to see y'all again. God bless you. Missed y'all. Good to see y'all. Uh good to have everyone out in the house of the Lord tonight. Are you ready to worship and have church tonight? Amen. Just over in the glory land, KG. Well, I have a home prepared where the saints abide just over in the glory land. And I long to be by my savior's side. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land. I'll join that happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. Well, just over in the glory land. Well, I am on my way to those manions fair just over in the glory land. Oh, there to sing God's praise and his glory to share. Just over in the glory. Oh, just over in the glory. I'll join That happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. Oh, just over in the glory land. Oh, what a joyful thought. And my Lord I'm going to sing just over in the glory land and with kindred save there forever to be just over in the glory land. Oh just over in the glory land. I'll join that happy angel band. Just over in the glory in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land. [Music] Oh, I'm going to stand just over in the glory. Oh, with the blood washed throne, I will shout and we'll sing. Just over in the glory land. Oh, glad hosana to Christ the Lord and my king. Just over in the glory. Oh, sing it now. Well, just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory. Oh yes, just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. I will stand just over in the glory. Sing that chorus one more time. Hold just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land there with the mighty home. We're going to stand just over. Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's head as they play it one time? [Music] in the glory land. I'll join that happy angel band. Just over in the glory. Oh, just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. I'm going to stand just over in the glory land. Give the Lord a big hand. clap of praise if you love him tonight. Amen. As our ushers come, I don't don't have any written requests, but we do want to remember brother JP Price, brother Mike's dad in prayer. Is he getting a pacemaker tomorrow? Pacemaker put in tomorrow. So, just remember him in prayer. Amen. As our ushers would come this evening. Amen. If you have a need on your heart, brother Bill, I'm going to ask you to take us to the Lord in prayer tonight. I'll just bring a microphone to you if that's okay. Heavenly Father, we come to you tonight, Lord Jesus. We thank you for that you've given us everything done for us. We ask you now to be with us through this tonight and bless the offering, the tithe and offering. Bless the ones, brother JT tomorrow, Lord Jesus. Watch over and protect him, Lord. Let the surgeons guide their hands. We ask these things in the loving name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you, lady. And you can be seated. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. [Music] Nothing like the presence. Oh, there's nothing like [Music] Oh, there's nothing. Oh, there's nothing like the presence, nothing like the presence of the Lord. Well, I am free in his presence. Oh, I am healed in his presence. And I'm forgi. Oh, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, there's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's healing. Oh, yes, there's healing. Well, there is healing in the presence of the Lord. Well, I am free in his presence and I am healed in his presence. Oh, I'm forgiven. Lord, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Yes, there's freedom in the presence of the Lord. [Music] There's freedom in the presence Freedom in the presence. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Let me hear you sing with all your hearts now. Oh, I am free in his presence and I am healed in his presence. Oh, I'm forgiven, Lord. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. One more time. I'm free in his presence. If you're free tonight, can I see your hand? I am free. Oh, in his presence. Oh, yes. I am healed [Music] in his presence and I'm forgi [Applause] I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. One more time as sister Nolley comes to sing. Oh yes, I am free. Oh, in his presence. Yes, I am healed in his presence. Lord, I'm forgi. [Music] Oh, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. If you're free tonight, would you give the Lord one more hand clap of praise? [Applause] [Music] We are prone to wonder in this house we're in. But we've learned by revelation. the inner man can overcome this house of sin. And as we grow in the word, our voicees of praise to him can be heard singing. You are perfect. You are holy. You are faithful. You are true. And I long to live with you in glory. Lord, make me more like you. [Music] Today the message of the hour has said you're not the son or daughter of a fleshly mom or dad. But we're born through a new birth. Even if we listen closely, the voice of our husband can be heard singing in me. You are perfect. You are holy. You've been faithful. you have in true and I'm taking you to live with me in glory. When I look at you, I see me. Little bride, you're perfect. You are holy. You've been faithful. You have been true. And I'm taking you to live with me in glory. [Music] When I look at you, when I look at you, when I look at you, I see me. [Applause] Hey man, did you enjoy that tonight? But aren't you thankful? We're perfect the way he looks at us. And that, you know, the way we look at ourselves, we wouldn't think much about that. But I'm just glad for the blood. Aren't you glad for the blood tonight? I wonder if we could stand and sing this one here. Jesus, hold my hand in the key of F. Well, as I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. Well, he leads me safely through the sinking sand. It is the Christ of Calary. This would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best that I can. For I need thy life to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. We're singing Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need the every hour and through this pilgrim land. Oh, protect me by thy power. Hear my feeble things. Oh Lord, look down on me when I kneel in prayer. Well, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. will let me travel in the light divine that I may see the blessed way. Oh, and keep me that I may be holy thine and sing redemption song someday. Oh yes, I will be a soldier. Brave and true and ever firmly take a stand. Oh, as I onward go and daily meet the foe. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand with all your hearts. Now we're singing Jesus. Hold my hand. Oh, I need every hour [Music] this protect me. Oh, let me hear you sing it now. My people, oh Lord, look down on me when I need in prayer. I know I'm going to meet you there. Hold my hand. Oh, and when I wandered through the valley toward the setting of the sun, won't you lead me safely to a land of rest if I a crown? have won. Well, I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, that I may reach the golden strand. Well, there's no other friend on whom I can depend. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. We're singing Jesus, hold my hand. I need you. Yes, I do. Every hour. Oh, and through this pilgrim land, protect me by thy saving power. Here, my people. Oh my Lord, look down on me. when I kneel in prayer. But I know I'm going to meet you there. Blessing Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, singing Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need every hour. Oh, through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power. Won't you hear my feeble flee? Oh, dear Lord, look down on me. Oh, when I kneel in prayer, well, I know I'm going to meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. going to change that last song up on us. I'm I'm going to bring the pastor out on a fast one tonight if it's okay. I'm not giving up. We're going to try that one. Amen. How many's just ready for the word of the Lord tonight? I know I usually bring him out on a slow one, but you know, it's Wednesday night and I want y'all to be really awake for the word. So, we can just wake up as he comes out. Amen. How many's ready for the word tonight? Can you say amen? Amen. You're singing so good. I know you're ready. So, let's just let's just uh worship for a minute as he comes. Amen. Now, we're not giving up, are we? We're not turning around, but we're going to stay right in the battle. And and we know who goes before us in battle, so we're sure we're sure to win. Let's sing with all our hearts now. Well, I'm not giving up. Oh, I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, and I'll keep holding on. to that nail scar hand. No, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Well, I've been walking through the valley through this veil of tears. Well, there's times I've even questioned. Even if my Lord was near, then at times that old temper, he says, "Why not turn around?" Well, you can't get any farther because you're just losing ground. Oh, but I'm not giving up. Oh, I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, and I'll keep holding on, holding on to that nail scarred hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Well, would you mind to tell me if there's something bothering me? Why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? He has purpose and determined. Oh, to get right in our way and turn us from the way of life and lead our souls a pray. Oh, but I'm not giving up. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I wear a shining crown someday. Oh, well, I'll keep holding on. Hold on. Oh, true to that nail scarred hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Can you sing one more time now? Well, I'm not giving up. Oh, yeah. Oh, I'm not turning round. By the grace of God, I wear the shining crown. Someday will I keep holding on. Oh, to that nail scarn hand. Well, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, I think we're a bunch of people that aren't going to give up tonight. We're going to keep on going. Aren't you glad for that tonight? Amen. And God bless you. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together for a moment of prayer. If you got a special need, maybe by way of uplifted hand, you let that be known to the Lord tonight. And God knows our hearts and knows our needs and what we have need of. I've got needs myself. We know he's able to meet that tonight. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful for your presence that we feel already in this place and so thankful for this statement of faith. Lord, we're not going to give up, Lord. We may not have the answer yet, but we know the one who the answer comes from, Lord. And so, we believe you're going to meet these needs tonight, Lord. Everyone that was represented by an uplifted hand, Lord, I know that you can come move me out of the way, Lord. And the things that I prepared to say, Lord, and maybe you could just move me to a direction would help somebody, Lord. I I want to be a vessel tonight and help me, Lord. take lips of clay and move, Lord, and speak as only you can speak. And may the word make a difference in our lives. Lord, I pray you'd grant. We know in your presence, Lord, even Aaron's rod, Lord, bloomed in your in the presence of the shakina glory. Maybe, Lord, there's a dry stick here tonight that could bloom in the presence of the Lord. I pray that it would be so. Pray that you'd move in every heart and every life. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. We're going to continue uh on some things that we talked about on Sunday and uh we're just believing the Lord will will help us tonight and and uh get into this just a little bit more about our spiritual priesthood. We want to talk about our sacrifice of praise. Good to have each and every one of you with us tonight. Brother uh uh Jeremy and Sister Rebecca. So good to see you guys. and the kids sitting up here. Reagan and Kennedy and the the twins are somewhere. There they are back there. And it's good to see you all here tonight. And it's just always a blessing uh when they're able to come home. So, we just sure enjoy having them. And uh it's getting to be summertime. That means our meetings are coming up. We've got meetings coming right up in just uh 30 days, I think, from today. Something like that. 29 days from today, we got meetings. So, we're looking forward to that. And and we got a lot going on right now. So, we're just we're just uh trusting that it'll be a real blessing to each and everyone. Hebrews chapter 13 and verse 12 says, "Wherefore Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood suffered without the gate. Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp bearing his reproach." What a beautiful picture that is. For here we have no continuing city, but we seek one to come. So we lay our lives down with him outside the camp, without the camp, bearing his reproach, because we know that here we have no continuing city, but we seek one to come. He said, "By him, therefore, let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is the fruit of our lips, giving thanks to his name." I pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated this evening. Sunday we talked about uh a father in the home and how that a father could lead his family to the altar and that was his responsibility especially in the Old Testament. Then we got into a little bit about a priesthood of believers and how that we were all kings and priests and we could come into the holy of holies. Aren't you grateful for that tonight that you don't have to rely on anybody else to go in? But you can actually go in yourself and go in behind and shut the door and and partake of the original mana that was there for you. And and that being the Holy Ghost and the original word and the message of the hour to to bring us back to the original word. And so uh we know that that's the way it is today. That that's been restored to us that we can go back to that. And and we find that in Hebrews that Paul begins to explain to a a Jewish believer to Jewish believers that the ceremonial law was fulfilled in Christ. So there was a law that was ceremonial and it it was very detailed and it was very uh much uh every every little jot and every little tit had to be followed as we talked about on Sunday. how the priest had to dress a certain way and he had to act a certain way and he had to walk a certain way so that he could be uh he could go into the holy of holies. But Paul begins to explain to him and he said we have a much better high priest than the high priest that was there in the nation of Israel. He said we have a a great high priest. I wonder how many of us tonight could identify him as our great high priest. A great high priest. Hebrews 4:14, he said, "Seeing then that we have a great high priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God, let us hold fast our profession or our confession. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin." He said, "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need." I'm so glad there's grace there when we go there. Now, Paul tells us that Jesus was better than Aaron. He was better than that priesthood that had come. He he said Aaron ascended to the holy place, but Jesus ascended to the heavens. Aaron could not be touched by the infirmity of the people. Though though he he had to represent the people and and cover their sins with the sacrifice, but he could not be touched. He could not feel the the their infirmities. But Jesus is a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Aaron was chosen to be a priest by Moses, but Jesus was an eternal priest after the order of Melzdc who had no beginning and no ending. And so he said he's better than Aaron. And in Hebrews 8 chapter 1 he said now of the things which we have spoken this is the son. We have such an high priest. What a powerful statement that is. He said he didn't say we're looking for him or he's going to come one day. We have such a high priest. That high priest is Jesus Christ tonight who is sat on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens. A minister of the sanctuary and of the true tabernacle which the Lord pitched and not man. So he's saying God didn't create this or man didn't create this priesthood. God did. Man didn't build this tabernacle. God did. And so he said he's a minister of the true tabernacle which the Lord pitched and not man. And so he's he's saying he's better. He was the priest and the sacrifice. Oh, I tell you tonight, I I I wish I could help everybody. I wish there was something I could do for everybody. But I'm here to tell you tonight, the very best thing that I could do, brother Peter, is to tell my children and tell the people in the church and tell those my neighbors and people around me that there is a great high priest that's here that can be touched by the feeling of your infirmity. I can't do it for you, but he can do it for you. I can't save the lost, but he can save the lost. I can't heal the sick, but he can heal the sick tonight. He He's a minister of a true tabernacle. Amen. Hallelujah. He was the priest and the sacrifice. Aaron could not offer himself because he was not worthy. But Jesus did. And he is worthy. Amen. Oh, he's every bit as worthy tonight as he was when he made the sacrifice. Hebrews chapter 10 verse 11 says, "Every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftenimes the same sacrifices which can never take away sins. But this man after he had offered one sacrifice, someone say it with me tonight, one sacrifice for sins forever. Hallelujah. Sat down on the right hand of God from henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his foottool. For by one offering he has perfected forever them that are sanctified. Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us. for after that he had said before this is the covenant that I will make with them after those days sayeth the Lord I will put my laws into their hearts in their minds will I write them so the Holy Ghost is not is not uh evidence that we found God it's God actually giving us evidence that we that he has found us and has sealed us and has approved us and so he said there sins and iniquities well I remember no more he said now we're remission of these is there is no more offering for sin So, I want you to understand tonight before we get into what we're really going to talk about, that there's no need to make an offering for sin. If sin is gone, there's no death needed to cover sin. Come on. Because the perfect lamb already died. So, I don't have to die. You don't have to die. No one else has to die. A prophet couldn't die. People couldn't die. But there was a high priest, a great high priest who offered himself. Yeah. Good. So Jesus once for all, brother Brandham says one time he is perfected forever. Those that have come into that fellowship with an eternal blessing, eternal fellowship with the eternal presence of God, with the power of the Holy Ghost, not in a symbol out yonder or in some word or or in some theology. So it's not a a buzzword or something you say or even something you you say you believe or or or or an idea of some kind, but it's a reality. It's something that that happens to you. He said it's a the Holy Ghost in you. He said the power of God that raised Christ from the grave is made alive in you and you are a new creature. Then you are a son and daughter of God. So when you say I have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I've received the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. I I have the token on display in my life. What are you saying? You're saying I have the same power that raised up Jesus from the dead on the third day. That same power, that same quickening power is now in my heart and it's raised me up from dead trespasses and sins. And it's able to keep me until that day. Do you believe it, church? Amen. Brother Brandham teaches us that he said it's so simple a fool. The Bible says that that simple so simple a fool would not air in it. It's within reach of all rich and poor, illiterate or educated just by childlike simplicity to believe that the finished work at Calvary included me. I wonder how many of us could say amen to that tonight. Can I really buy into that fact that the when he said it's finished, he was talking about me. When he said it's over, he was talking about my salvation and my redemption. So, I can't do a thing to earn it. He did it for me. This was foreshadowed even in the Old Testament in Psalms chapter 40 and verse 6. I hope you like the scripture because we're about to read a bunch of scriptures. Psalms chapter 40 and verse 6. Sacrifice and offering thou dost not desire. Mine ears hast thou opened. Oh, I love that. He said, "Burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required." It wasn't really what he wanted. They offered lambs and bulocks and goats and turtle doves and all the things that were required. He said, "But that was really not what I wanted." He said, "But mine ears hast thou opened." Hallelujah. Then said I, "Lo, I come in the volume of the book it is written to me. I delight to do thy will, oh my God. Yay, thy law is within my heart. So he said, I want something more than just a temporary covering. I want people that want to serve me because it's in their heart to do it. Hallelujah. Listen, there's no red heer. If you had a red heer today or an unblenmished lamb to offer, it would be an affront and an insult to God. The one who died for you to offer him for your sins, right? Right. If you had a red heer today and you had it was perfect and you followed all the ceremonial law and you killed it. All you did was kill a good cow, right? That's all you do. If you had a goat, right, that you could drag up there and when we were in the Philippines, I I was preaching one time and I looked up at the up at the hill. It was an open air place and I looked a youth camp and I looked up at the hill and there was a goat that had been wandering around the camp all week. he'd become everybody's pet. And I heard him bleeding and I looked up there and he quit bleeding and they'd cut his throat and and they were fixing him right up on the on the hill. But you know, that didn't do a thing for the service. It didn't appease God in any way. Why? He's already been appeased. Huh? Listen to me, church. We think we have to work to make God happy with us. He's already happy with you. He's not looking at you. He's looking at the death of his son. We're trying to make things happen and and say, "Well, I'm trying to make this happen and trying to gain." You know, a lot of times, I think that's what we're doing is we're we want to be big. We want to be we want to be great. We want to do things and make things happen in life because we think, well, if I could do that, maybe my maybe my my my father would like me. Maybe he would be approve of me. Maybe my mother would approve of me. Maybe my children or my wife would approve of me. And in some cases, maybe God would approve of me. But there's nothing you could do to gain the approval of God. But let me tell you, there's also nothing you could do to gain the disapproval of God. He's not looking at you anymore if you've accepted Christ as your savior and receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He's looking at the blood. Brother Brandon say he don't even see your sin. He sees the blood, but he hears your voice. Hallelujah. Your confession. Are you with me so far? Yes. It would be an insult to drag a cow and offer him to God for sin. Right? Because there's already been perfect sacrifice. Paul says, "I do not frustrate the grace of God. If righteousness comes by the law, then Christ is dead in vain." Brother Brandham says, "Every chapter of the Old Testament spoke of Jesus Christ and everything." Someone say, "Everything was fulfilled." Hallelujah. In him and we in him are complete. Yeah. Hallelujah. Amen. Listen, church. I don't have to preach another sermon to be complete in Christ. I do it because I love him. Because he's called me to do it. But I don't have to do it to gain his approval. I've already gained his approval. Are you with me now? Amen. Listen, it if we are a royal priesthood. Now, it's kind of interesting, isn't it, that he was the great high priest, but he made us priests. Yeah. Right. Every one of us. We found that out on Sunday in the New Testament that the men and the women both, every member of the body of Christ is a royal priesthood. So, if he's made you a royal priest, what sacrifice can we still make? What's left undone? Come on. There's no lamb, no goat, no pigeon. I hope you hear me now. None of that is needed by God. None of that is desired by God. Right? We stand sinless before his throne. What could a sinless being offered to him? Oh my. Look, what could a sinless being offered to God? Well, we know that when God created, he began to create, he created angels. And what did he create them? He created them sinless, right? But but when he created them, what did what did they do? They worshiped. They gave him praise. Right. Right. But their praise was limited because they'd never been redeemed. They'd never been healed. Yeah. They'd never been They'd never fallen. Though some did fall. Lucifer and the angels, one-third of the angels fell, but they could not be redeemed. Right? There was no redemption for them. And so, they were limited in their praise. They could not praise those attributes of God. It's going to open up a key to you to understand how to worship and how to praise God and and what we should worship for. See, we don't worship God just we worship God for who he is. But the angels do that. We worship God for how great he is, but the angels do that. But when we worship him for his redeeming, right? They could not worship him for being a lamb. Oh, by the angel stood around the throne, but they could not worship him for being a lamb. But but it was it was the redeemed souls that come up around the altar and they fell down before the lamb said, "Worthy is the lamb." What is that? There's something about it that we can worship him in a way that they can't. So, what offering could a sinless being bring before God? These sinless beings have been washed by the blood of the lamb. And so, you and I can speak and can praise and can worship in a way that nothing else can. Yeah. So, that's our offering that we can still offer, right? And you'll find in the Old Testament, I don't have time to get into it tonight, but you can go into the Levites, you can find that the Levites, they were entire sections of the Levitical tribe that were dedicated to music. And some that were dedicated just to praise. That was their job, just to praise. And and they were to stand there and say, "Praise ye the Lord." And and the Lord is good. He's wonderful and all of these things. If you read the Psalms, you see the Levites were to stand there and to lead the people in praise. Why? Because they were priests, but they didn't offer a lamb. There were other priests to do that, but Christ fulfilled that, right? We don't need no priests to offer a lamb. You don't need me to drag a goat. Yeah. Come on, church. You don't need none of us need to do that. We're priests, but we ain't going to get a hold of no goat or no lamb or no turtle dove and and then cut its throat and put it up here on the altar. But what can we bring? We've got a sacrifice that he wants from us. What is our sacrifice? A sacrifice of praise. Yes. Hallelujah. That's what we can bring. I know people don't think it's important, but it is important. It is important because that's what he wanted from us. Yes. Hebrews 13:15 again by him. Therefore, by him. So, we are we are lesser priests. Brother Ram teach you that we are lesser priests. He is the great high priest. So by him, because of his work, because he made a sacrifice for us, let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually. That is the fruit of our lips, giving thanks to his name. Verse 16, he he reminds us there's a couple of other things that we can do. He said, "But to do good and to communicate, forget not, for with such sacrifices God is well pleased." So you you love God with all your heart, soul, mind, and and strength. You love your neighbor as yourself. You do good. He said, "Do good. Communicate or fellowship." That's what that word means. Quinnia means to fellowship one with another. Those things are things we can do. He said, "God's pleased with that. I can do good things for others. I can I can do good for others. I can fellowship with my brothers and sisters. I can come to the house of God, fellowship with with my brothers and sisters." That's part of what we do as spiritual priests. as we talked about on Sunday. But the main thing I can do is praise him, good, right? And that's not just for church, right? That's continually every moment of my life. Psalm chapter 116 and verse 12, what shall I render unto the Lord for all his benefits toward me? He's saying, what can I do? What what what does he want? He said, I'll I'll take the cup of salvation. Other words, he's offered me salvation. and I'll take what he's offered me and call upon the name of the Lord. I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the presence of all his people. So he said, I don't care who hears me. I'm going to pay my vows. I'm a priest. I'm going to offer a sacrifice of praise. Precious in the sight of the Lord, he said, is the death of his saints. Look how it it follows Hebrews there with what Paul was talking about. Precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of his saints. Oh Lord, truly I am thy servant. I am thy servant, the son of thy handmade. Thou has loosed my bonds. Has anybody been released from bondage? Have you ever been released from your fedters? If you have been, you know what David's talking about here. He said, "You've loosed my bonds. I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving and will call upon the name of the Lord. I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the presence of all his people in the courts of the Lord's house, in the midst of thee, oh Jerusalem." He said, "Praise you the Lord." So, no matter my condition, no matter my circumstances, I will praise the Lord. Yeah. No matter what I've been going through, no matter what's happened in my life, I will praise the Lord. And sometimes it's just that simple, church. We want God to move for us. We want God to do things and we want God to to move in a very special way in our lives. We all have needs, but sometimes he's just waiting on us to show up and worship. He's just waiting on us to show up and praise him. To show up and begin to give him what he deserves. You might say, "Well, my circumstances keep me from praising God." But listen, that's why it's a sacrifice. Yes. Now, I want to show you something. I want to show you some circumstances. I won't hold you long tonight. We're just going to go through this and I'm going to preach a little bit different for a Wednesday night, but I just want to want to bring it down to where we can understand it. But I want to show you some circumstances that are worse than yours. Can I do that? And worse than mine, right? We're going to show some circumstances that are worse than whatever you're going through. Because brother Brandham said these, he said, "No one here has symptoms like these." Jonah chapter 2. Now, I want you to notice the place that Jonah's in. Right? He's not sitting in church on these comfortable chairs. Right. Jonah is not He He's not He don't even have a wooden pew, right? Like we used to have that hurt your back so bad. Jonah don't even have a wooden pew. He don't even have a He don't even have a a microphone. Yeah. Yeah. Nothing works in the belly of the whale. Right. He He don't have any ability to make any extra kind of noise. No one's there to hear him. Yeah. No one will ever know if he worships or if he doesn't. What he does, it seems like the situation is hopeless. He's complet it's completely blacked out. He cannot see with his natural eyes. You know how dark it must be at the bottom of the ocean. Brother Brandon said when a fish feeds, he goes down to the bottom of the ocean, right? So think with me for just a minute. It's as dark as it could possibly get and then you're inside of a of a fish. Yeah. Right. That's pretty dark. He doesn't have a match. He don't have a candle. This isn't a story book. It's not like Japetto inside the You know, some of y'all know what I'm talking about. It's not like Pinocchio, you know, he he he's in he's in there for real in the belly of a fish. And the Bible says, "Then Jonah prayed unto the Lord his God out of the fish's belly." He didn't give up. He prayed. And he said, "I cried by reason of mine affliction unto the Lord. And he heard me." Yeah. Remember where he is. He's still in the whale's belly. In the fish's belly. Are you with me? He's still in the belly of the fish. It hasn't gotten any lighter. It don't smell any better. Come on, church. Well, I'm waiting on my symptoms to change. Maybe we ought to start worshiping God in the place where we are. Start recognizing who he is right in the place where we are. It's not getting any lighter. It's not getting any less smelly. But he's going to stay right there. And he said, he said, "He heard me." What was that? His confession. He's a high priest of our confession. He heard me. He said, "Out of the belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice. For thou hast cast me into the deep in the midst of the seas, and the floods compass me about. All thy billows and thy ways passed over me." Then I said, "I'm cast out of thy sight, yet I will look again toward thy holy temple." Listen. Listen. The number one thing is he was he was just happy to be alive. Yeah. Right. We need to change our focus somewhat. The very fact that we're here tonight and we're still living and we're still serving the Lord. Yeah, we've been through some things. But I got swallowed by a fish and I'm still alive. I got thrown into the ocean, but I'm still alive. I got I got thrown out of the boat by my friends, but I'm still alive. Boy, tell you what, it's Wednesday for sure. We ought to that ought to mean something to us. I'm still here. The world Satan did his worst, but I'm still here. I've been through some things, but I'm still here. So Jonah says, "Well, I guess I'm still here. I must be here for a reason." He said, "The waters could pass me about even to the soul. The depth closed me round about. The weeds were wrapped about my head. Come on. Look at the condition he's in. He said, "I went down to the bottoms of the mountains. The earth with her bars was about me forever." He said, "Yet hast brought up my life from corruption." Oh Lord my God. He didn't testify of the resurrection after he come out of the well's belly, but before. Hallelujah. He said, "When my soul fainted within me, I remembered the Lord and my prayer came in unto thee into thine holy temple. They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy." He said, "I" He said, "If I could see the seaweed, I wouldn't look at it. I refuse to look at my problems. I refuse to look at my symptoms. I refuse to look at my circumstance." He said, "They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy, but I will sacrifice He said, "I only I don't have a goat." Right? I don't have a lamb. Yeah. I don't have anything else. But he said, "I'll I'll make this sacrifice today. You don't need anything else. But you can still make this sacrifice. I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving." Amen. Thanksgiving from a whale's belly. That's right. Yeah. We look at Jonah. Jonah made a lot of mistakes and Jonah ran from God. He absolutely did, right? It was not right for him to go down to Tarsus. It was not right for him to flee the presence of the Lord. But brother Rand said God made his permissive will glorify his perfect will. It wasn't right for him to do that to be there. He'd done wrong. He'd rebelled against God. But don't you think there's something about being in a well's belly and still praising God that made God happy? Yeah. Can you imagine how happy the Lord must have been when he heard Jonah begin to cry out from the belly of a whale and begin to say, "Lord, I'm going to offer my s sacrifice of praise. I don't care how dark it is. I don't care how much seaweeds wrapped around my head. I'm still going to worship. I'm still going to praise you." Listen, if we could ever get a revelation like that, our services would change. Our prayer life would change. Everything about us would change. We begin to be more grateful just in our everyday life for the things that we do have instead of always looking for something else. Yes, sir. I got He said, "I'm not dead. I don't know how I'm going to get out of here, but I believe God's not going to let me see corruption. If he kept me alive to this point, he's going to help me through the rest of it." Hallelujah. He said, "I'll pay what I vowed." Lord, I promise to praise you. Here I am. Yeah. It's a bad time, but here I am. Huh? We come to church. Listen, we don't just come to church for us. Yeah. That's right. We don't just come, we come for others. We come for him. Yes. Yeah. Are you with me now? Amen. So he said, "Tonight while I have this opportunity," he said, "I may be in the darkest moment of my life, but I'm going to offer my sacrifice of praise." The fruit of my lips, giving thanks in a moment when there seemed to be nothing to give thanks for. Yeah. Look what happened to Jonah. He said, "And the Lord spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land." you want another position when maybe you ought to praise God for the position you have and God will give you another position. Maybe you ought to praise God for what that you survived what you're going through right now. And then maybe God would help you through some more and bring you to a better place. Listen, he said the Lord spake to the fish and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land. But he worshiped before it happened. Oh, so many times we worship after. He worshiped before. He said, "Lord, I'm offering my sacrifice of praise." Brother Brandon said, "Some folks go through a prayer line and he said the next morning they get up and say, 'Well, I'm I'm I'm just as sick as I was." Yeah. He said, 'W what you need is some good Bible teaching. He said, "You don't look at the symptoms. You look at the word, the promise." Notice Jonah, if there's any man that ought to have a good case of symptoms. It was Jonah. He was backslid. Yeah. Oh, church. You, well, God won't hear my prayer if I'm backslid. That's a lie of the devil. Come on. That's the time he's listening for your prayer is when you're in your worst condition. And he wants to hear your voice. Oh, I'm so glad he hears because all of us backside at some point or another. All of us get out of fellowship with God at some point or another. But I'm so glad he hears my voice. Yes, sir. When I'm in the whale's belly, when I've went against when I've done something and I realize I was wrong. I shouldn't have done that. And when I realize that I'm in a bad shape, but I begin to worship and I begin to cry out to him. It's at that moment that he hears me. He said, "Well, now there's he" He He He said it was backstit, hands tied behind him in the belly of a whale in the bottom of a stormy sea. He said if he looked this way, it was whale's belly. That way was whale's belly. Everywhere he looked, it was whale's belly. He said, "Well, now there's no one here in that condition." I think we can all be pretty sure of that. We're not at the bottom of the ocean. That's right. And Jonah, what did he say? He refused to look at it. He said, "They're lying vanities. Once more will I look toward your holy temple, oh God. Brother Brand said he remembered Solomon's prayer. Solomon said, "If they would look this way, if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray, I'll heal their land." That's still true tonight, church. He's still the same God. He's still the same. If people just recognize that what Satan does, he gets you out. He gets you away. He gets you away from the presence of God like Jonah, but then he tries to make you think it's hopeless to try to even call out to God because of what you done. When if you're a son of God, you'll always be a son of God. It don't matter how how deep you are in the pig pin. He's still there wanting to hear your voice waiting on you to come back. If you could get that out of people's minds, we'd see a lot more prodigals come home. Yeah. But they think, "Well, God won't hear me because of what I've done. It's nonsense." Yeah. Right. He wouldn't ever called you if he didn't want you. Right. And he already knew what you were going to do. Yeah. Before you ever did it and he loved you anyway. You said, "Well, he gave you the Holy Ghost, but then I failed him." He wouldn't ever gave it to you if he didn't plan on keeping you, restoring you, bringing you back. He wouldn't have ever showed you the message of the hour unless he planned on keeping you in it. If you if you've if you've received a revelation of the message of the hour, hold on to that. Yeah. There's something about it that'll it'll bring you back up out of the condition that you're in. R said if Jonah under those conditions could look towards a temple that was built by a man that later backslid and have faith in his prayer and get the results that he did, he was a backsliden preacher praying a prayer that was called for by a backsliding preacher. And hallelujah, God still heard him. Forgive me tonight. I feel like I'm yelling at you, but This is my sacrifice of praise. Have faith in his prayer and get the results he did under the conditions. How much more can we tonight look away from our condition to the temple of God where Jesus sits at the right hand to the hand of his majesty with his own blood to make intercession upon our confession. He said then don't look at your hand. Don't feel your sickness. Look at who made the promise at the right hand of the majesty on high to make intercession upon your confession. He said then make it and stand true to it. All right. He said, "God, by that faith, he said he must have put an oxygen tent down in the belly of the whale." Hallelujah. He kept him alive for three days and nights. But look what God was doing. No matter what takes place, God will make it praise him anyhow. What was God doing? He was bringing praise out of the lips of Jonah. Out of the belly of a fish, right? No lamb that he could offer. Couldn't have kept a fire going anyway. to make a sacrifice. Are you with me? He was helpless, but he still had a voice. Come on. When you find yourself in the darkest moment of your life and the worst moment of your of everything that's ever happened to you, and this is the worst thing that's ever happened, of all the bad things that's ever happened to you, it's at that moment that you realize, I still got a voice. People may not hear me, but I still got a voice. People may not see it, but I still got a voice. Said God will make it praise him anyhow. He has a way of getting praise out of us. Isaiah 57:19, remember the sacrifice? What is it? The fruit of our lips. Yeah. He said, I create, God has a way of getting praise out of us. Amen. I create the fruit of the lips. Peace. speak to him that is far off, him that is near, says the Lord, and I will heal him. He brings the praise from our lips. Yes. Think about Job. We just heard about that when brother Ben was here, I think the week before last. What did What did he tell us? That Job was standing there. He got all this bad news all at once. Yeah. And the Bible says that he fell down and worshiped. Yeah. He said, "I came naked into the world. Going naked out of the world, but blessed be the name of the Lord." God knows how to get praise out of us. Listen, if Job if Job had never lost his children, if he had never lost those animals, if he'd never been stricken like he was, God would have never gotten that praise. Right. Yeah. Right. Like that's we would not know when when Job says, "I know my redeemer liveth." Isn't that a wonderful scripture? Though the skinworms destroy my body, yet in my flesh I shall see God. We would not have that scripture unless one man went through a whole lot. Come on. But God said, "I create the fruit of the lips." Yes. Right. I create it. I I I'm actually going to bring it out of you. And we think that he hates us or he doesn't he doesn't like us or he's tired of us or or maybe he never did love us because we're going through something. And what he's waiting on is some praise. Creating praise. Yes. Good. Psalm 57, he said, "Hear, oh my people, and I will speak, oh Israel, and I will testify against thee. I'm God, even thy God." He said, 'I will not reprove thee for thy sacrifices or burnt offerings to have been continually before me. He He said, 'I will take no bullock out of thy house, nor he gogoats out of thy folds. He said, I don't want no more. He said, for every beast of the forest is mine, the cattle upon a thousand hills. I know all the fowls of the mountains and the wild beasts of the field are mine. If I were hungry, I wouldn't tell you. For the world is mine and the fullness thereof. He said, will I eat the flesh of bulls or drink the blood of goats? He said, "Offer unto God thanksgiving." Yes. He said, "I don't want your your your blood offerings and your and your bull offerings, your goat offerings." He said, "I want thanksgiving." Yes. He said, "And pay thy vows unto the most high, and call upon me in the day of trouble. I will deliver thee and thou shalt glorify me. He said, I create the fruit of the lips. So, we can't even, you know, if God has given you a an ability to worship even in the hard times, you can't even thank yourself for that. That's God that did it. He said, I created. Some of you know what I'm talking about tonight. I don't mean to take a lot of time, but some of you know what I'm talking about. You've been through some things and you know that the praise that comes from you today is because of what you've been through. And you've seen God deliver you from sickness. You've seen him deliver you from hard times. You've seen him bring you through some things. And so, you know, the praise that comes today. The reason you're faithful to the house of God today. The reason you worship today. The reason you raise your hands today is because you've been through some things. You didn't go out set out to do that on your own, but you went through some things. You had a journey of life. You made some bad choices, but God was bringing praise. Hallelujah. But it's a sacrifice to give it. It's not easy. Say, "Well, I praise him when I feel like it." That's when you don't. Come on. That's when to praise him. All right. I know sometimes we get aggravated when people tell us raise your hands, clap your hands, you know, rejoice, worship, and somebody encourages you to do that, and you think, "Well, I'll wait till I feel like it." Is that really what worship is? Is that really what praise is? Or is it you joining in? Because you know that this is what God wants. Yeah. Even in your darkest moments, this is what God wants. Yeah. Listen, in in Psalm 27:6, he said, "Now shall my head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me. Therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy. I will sing. Yay, I will sing praises unto the Lord. Jeremiah spoke of a time when the sacrifice of praise would return to the house of the Lord. He said, "The voice of joy and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom and the voice of the bride, the voice of them that shall say, praise the Lord of hosts, for the Lord is good. For his mercy endureth forever, and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord." He said, "For I will cause to return the captivity of the land as at the first saith the Lord." He said, "That's how you're going to know that restoration has come because the voice of them that bring the sacrifice of praise will be back in the temple." I believe we've had a restoration of the word in our day. We've had a restoration of power that came with it. We're not looking for that in the future sometime. We've had it in our day. What do we What does he want from us? A sacrifice of praise. In spite of Leodysia, in spite of what we're going through, in spite of the hard times, he said, I want you to bring that sacrifice of praise that'll that'll show the world that this has been restored. Yes. There's been a restoration. It's not a sacrifice for angels to praise God. All right. It's not. But see, they praise God in a perfect place. Come on. We praise God in a very imperfect place. Amen. Brother Ryan, a troubled place. This world is full of trouble. Yeah. And being a Christian doesn't mean that you suddenly suddenly don't have any more trouble. Preach it. Right. In fact, when you become a Christian, brother Ryan, when you received the baptism of the Holy Ghost and got baptized and and you accepted the Lord, what happened? The devil come after you. Come after your family. He'll try to destroy you. But you, that's when you offer to God the sacrifice of praise. Before you were just thanking God, but now it's a sacrifice of praise. The enemy is going to come after you. Absolutely he is. But he said, "Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world." And that's always true. That's never not true. All right. Listen, when we get to heaven, praise will not be a sacrifice. Yeah. Did you know that we'll be in perfect bodies? We're going to praise him and we'll feel like it. We ain't never going to come to the courts of heaven in a bad mood or with a bad attitude or worried about what somebody else thinks. We'll be able to worship unfettered. Yeah. Right. But but that's not a sacrifice. Yeah. Huh. When when when all your chains are gone and all and this body of this bondage of corruption, this body of humiliation, Brother Danny, one day will be gone. This robe of flesh is going to drop one of these days. One way or another, we're going to leave here by way of the grave or we're going to leave here by way of the sky. One way or another, we're going to leave here. This body's got to be changed. Corruption must take on incorruption. This mortal must put on immortality. And when we do that, what happens? We we will be able to worship and praise like never before. But that's not a sacrifice. You realize that God wants from us now a sacrifice of praise. He said he won't be able to get that in heaven, but he gets that from us here on the earth. We bypassed our theophony to come down on the earth and be tested so we could give as a as a priesthood after the order of Melzdc to give a sacrifice of praise. Work's been tough this week, but I got a sacrifice of praise. I got trouble going on in the home, but I bring my sacrifice of praise. My body is not cooperating with me, but I'm bringing a sacrifice of praise. What does a priest do? Brother said he makes a sacrifice, a spiritual sacrifice. That's what these sons and daughters do, which are kings and priests. yet not in full possession, but they're making sacrifices, offering to God, spiritual sacrifices, the fruits of our lips, giving praise to him. You say, "Brother Brandom, I just don't feel like praising him." That's the time to make a sacrifice. Praise him anyhow. Yes. kings and priests, sons and daughters, offering spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips, giving praise to his name. Another place he's praying at the end of a service, he said, "We pray God that the Holy Ghost will have the right of way in every heart right now. May he fall like a rushing mighty wind, sweep over the building." Have you ever seen him sweep over the building? I believe he's right here tonight to do the same thing. He said, "May he fall like a rushing mighty wind sweep over the building. Send him now, Lord." He said, "I pray you'll get the victory. Pour out." You You said, "We're we're a high priest offering spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips, giving praise to praise to God. And may every believer now as a sacrifice to the high priest. Enter into the praises of God, shouting and glorifying God and praise him." Every believer. Why? You say, "But every believer doesn't feel like praising him." But every believer ought to praise him because he's always worthy of our praise. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Again, brother said, "Everyone." Someone say it with me tonight. Everyone in the New Testament that becomes a Christian, born again, becomes a priest to God. Yes. And we are priests and kings. A priest is to make sacrifice. And we give to God the sacrifice of our lips, giving praise to his name. You say, "I don't feel like it. Do it anyhow." That's a sacrifice. Hallelujah. Say, "I feel too tired." Listen to this. He said, "The devil will tell you that." That's strong. I I may not put it that strong, but he was a prophet to the age. He said, "The devil will tell you that till he takes you to hell." You're too tired. You're too tired to pray. You're too tired to read your Bible. You're too tired to Are you with me now? Yeah. That's strange. He said the devil tell you that till he takes you to hell. That's right. You're you're to make a spiritual sacrifice. The fruits of our lips giving praise to his name. Priests and kings unto God. You see, the devil hates to hear you praise God. Yes. What God loves to hear, the devil can't stand it. Right. Right. Now, don't you want to make the devil mad? No. Do you remember in the seals, this just occurred to me, so you just bear with me, but do you remember in the seals, brother Brandon said that Satan, he said, unless he spoke it, couldn't get to it. Yeah. He said, "Satan can't read your mind." Right. Right. You can't make him mad by what you're thinking. You could walk around thinking, "God, you're good. You're wonderful." But it don't mean nothing to the devil. Right. He can't read your mind. Yeah. Yeah. That's the truth. That's what Brother Brandon taught us. But when you say it, Oh, he hears it. Yes. And it makes him mad. And I'm convinced that's why some people don't want to worship because they're afraid if they say it, the devil will get mad. I want to make him mad. I'm okay with him being mad. He's toothless. Yeah. Weaponless. Stripped. Defeated. Yeah. Turned out of his own house. Doesn't even have the keys to his own house. I want to make that guy mad. I'm not worried about kicking that bum out of my house. I'm not worried about him leaving the church. I want him to leave the church. You say, "Well, he won't leave me alone." He's not going to leave you alone anyway. He He hates to hear you. Praise God. Why does he hate it so much? Because in heaven, you remember that's what he grew. He He got jealous of Yeah. He had pride in his heart. Yeah. And he got jealous of of Michael of of Christ receiving all the praise. Yeah. And so he begins to in that jealousy and his anger, he lifted himself up and he loves to receive worship just like God does. Yeah. And and you say, "Well, I I've never wor the devil." Well, every time you talk his language, you're worshiping him. Come on. Do you know that? Well, I'm not going to make it. The devil goes, "Woohoo! Right. Well, I I don't think I'll ever be healed." The devil says, "Keep it going. He just so happy. But every time you say, "I'm going to make it. I'm a child of God. I belong to God. I don't belong to the enemy. I belong to him. No matter what I feel like or anything else, I'm going to worship God." What happens to you? All of a sudden, the devil gets mad. The devil loves Brother said demons like to hang out in dead places. Like to hang out in morgs. Why? Because they're worshiping the devil. Giving him all the glory. Oh, it's this is so bad and that's so bad and that's so bad. Why don't we give God some of the glory? There's still a bride on the earth without spot or wrinkle. There's still a people that won't give up and won't turn back. There's still somebody that'll serve him with all of their hearts. Amen. The devil hates to hear that. But the B said, I was standing there trying to tell the people they must receive the Holy Ghost. And the devil had come in around the people saying, "Don't listen. Sit still." You don't think he still tries that? A prophet was standing in the pulpit telling the people, "This is how you receive the Holy Ghost. This is what it's for. During his Holy Ghost series, he this is what it was given for. This is how you receive it. How you know you have it. He said the devil was sitting there coming around the people saying, "Don't listen. Sit still." He said, "My sister said, "Bill, I was so happy while you were preaching. I felt like I could raise up and jump through the wall. If I had a dollar for every time I heard that, I'd be a rich man." Boy, brother Ben, while you were preaching, I just felt like shouting. Well, listen what brother Brandham said. He said, he said, "But he said, I felt like I could raise up, jump to the wall." I said, "Raise up and jump." And she said, "But when you went to doing that," now watch. Brother Brandham got excited. He said, "The people begin shouting, then I just felt like I was an old nothing." Yeah. the that's the devil. That's what he wants you to feel like. Well, if I raise my hand, people will know and people know I've done bad things or I've been and I've been in a bad place and I've been depressed or I've been discouraged or I've been You're not worshiping your discouragement. Come on. You're not worshiping your depression. In fact, you're you're claiming by you're confessing by God's spirit you don't have it anymore. The great high priest's going to take care of it. Yeah. He's already died for your sins and for your healing. And so what can you say? Glory to God. Glory to the lamb. I love you, Lord Jesus. And when you do, what is it? The fruit of your lips. Begin to combat the enemy. It's spiritual warfare. He said, look, he said that when when the people begin shouting, I felt like I was an old nothing. I said, that's the devil. That's Satan. When he come in to do that, I said, you should have raised up anyhow. We're priests of God making spiritual sacrifice. the fruits of our lips giving praise to his name. Again, brother Ram said the trouble today and I'm almost done. He said, "We've organized the church to death." He said, "We got organization instead of messiahite. We've got Russite, procelite, all other kinds of light. But we need Messiahite." Well, that's what we need church in this area and and all of our churches, not just our local church here, but all of our churches. We need Messiahite. Yeah. Yeah. Not proite, not Russelite, but we need Messiahite. He said the light of the Messiah. Now that is true. God called me Messiahs. God called us and we become kings and priests unto God like Jesus was God's high priest. We become a lesser priest. Jesus was God in fullness dwelt in him to shine forth the expression of God to the world. For God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. He said, "And as God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself, God comes into his church and anoints him some messiah." He said the same things he did is in his church. The same power he had is in his church and his church becomes his dominion. And he is king over this dominion. And we are kings and priests offering spiritual sacrifices to God. The fruit of our lips giving praise to his name. Yeah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He has offered himself for us. All that we have left to offer is the fruit of our lips. Amen. Everything else is taken care of. See, the Bible says, "He hath made us kings and priests unto God and his father. To him be glory and dominion forever." Brother Brandham said, "He hath made us." Oh, there are certain truths we need to emphasize. This is one of them. He He hath made us. Salvation is his doing. Salvation is of the Lord all of grace. Yeah. He redeemed us for a purpose. He bought us for a purpose. We are kings, spiritual kings. He said, "Oh, we are going to be kings upon the earth with him when he sits on his throne." But now, we are spiritual kings and we reign over a spiritual kingdom right now. Think about it, church. Right now, right where you're sitting and how you feel. And even if you're in the whale's belly, you are a spiritual king. Hallelujah. You are a spiritual priest. Look, he said, he said, "Right now, we reign with Christ, having dominion over sin, the world, the flesh, and the devil, showing forth his praise and glory, showing forth himself. For it is Christ in us, willing and doing of his good pleasure. Yes indeed, even now we are seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. He has made us priests." He said, "Yes, priests unto him, offering the spiritual praise of sanctified lips." You realize what that means to him, church? He said, "I create the fruit of the lips." He came and died to create. Hallelujah. A people that can call him by his name and said, "I thank you, Jesus." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He has made us priests. Listen, musicians, go ahead and come. He said, "Yes, priest unto him, offering the spiritual praise of sanctified lips, spending our lives as a sweet offering unto him, worshiping him in spirit and in truth." Listen how he describes the job of the priest, interceding and petitioning priests and kings unto our God. He said, "No wonder the world does not appeal to us." And we are a peculiar people, zealous unto good works. We have been recreated in him to be like children. Children like unto our father. Oh my. Can you imagine what God felt when Jonah began to worship? Can you imagine how he felt when Paul and Silas, he had two priests? Amen. And God said, "I'm going to create some praise." Yes. So to create praise, Brother Danny, he he allowed them to be persecuted. He allowed them to get thrown in prison. Yes. But he wanted some praise. Sometimes he allows healing to show his glory, to give him praise when we're healed. Sometimes he puts you in bondage in prison or allows you to go into prison cuz he wants you to praise in spite of the bondage. And Paul's sitting there and Silas sitting there and it gets to the darkest hour of the night. They can't sleep. Rats are running all over the place. There's sewage and everything else. The horrible condition, the little hole in the ground that they were put in. And they begin to these priests now. They come, they say, "Well, there there's nothing else we can do. We can't preach. There's no one here to hear us. We can't we can't offer a lamb, but one has been offered. We can't offer a goat or a turtle dove or a pigeon and we're priests. What can we do? After a while, maybe Silas looked at Paul. He said, "You know what? Our lips still work. Our hands are tied down. Come on. Our feet are in stalks, but our lips still work. Said they didn't gag us. Oh, the He left one thing undone, didn't he? Oh, if the devil would have known, he he'd have put a gag over their mouth because they could still offer a sacrifice of praise. So, they begin to sing about midnight. They begin to sing. We don't know what they sang, brother M said. Maybe it was glory to his name or something like that. and they begin to sing. And when they begin to sing, all of a sudden the the the shackles that they were wearing begin to fall off. See, the problem is we're waiting on the shackles to fall off so we can praise. And God said, "I'm going to create some praise in the prison. I'm going to create some praise while the shackles are still on. Are you hearing me tonight, church? I'm going to create some praise while you're still sick. I'm going to create some praise while your family is still out of the ark of safety. I'm going to create some praise. Why? You still don't have what you've asked for, but you're believing for it and you believe it'll happen. They were believing God was going to release them. So, what they do? They begin to worship. They couldn't raise their hand. They couldn't stomp their feet. So, they did the only thing they could do. And they begin to lift up their voice. And that was the very sacrifice that God wanted. And when they lifted their voice, he shushed the angels. those beings that were created to praise him. He said, "I want to hear this worship. I'm ready to hear this kind of praise because this is the ones who are going to offer their sacrifice. No matter what the devil does to them, no matter what, he does his very worst. And all it does is create praise on the lips of Paul and Silas." I say, "God, help us today. You may find yourself in a similar condition, but he's still worthy of your praise. My praise, the fruit of our lips. We can praise him with our hands, and that's wonderful. The Bible says to do that. We can praise him with our feet. That's wonderful. We can praise him by going to church, by paying our tithe, by doing what's right. We can praise him in that way. But he said he wants the fruit of your lips. That's the sacrifice. He wants to hear you praise him. I know sometimes we're not outspoken, but it's just more of a sacrifice. It's just more of a sacrifice. But it's something we have to do because sometimes maybe nobody else will hear it, but you need to hear yourself hear it. You need to hear yourself in the house of God in the worst moment of your life. Begin to call out to him and say, "Lord, I know you're good. I know you're still the same yesterday, today, and forever." Then your body begins to obey your testimony and things begin to change. Shackles begin to fall off. Isn't that what we want tonight? Isn't that what we want? We want to be free, then we ought to begin to praise God. We want to be unbound, we ought to begin to praise God. We want to have victory, we ought to begin to praise God right now in the circumstance that we're in and begin to praise God and he'll bring the victory. Heavenly Father, Lord, we love you tonight and we thank you, Lord. I just in in in studying these things. I just feel like Lord maybe myself I've not been diligent in some ways Lord in worshiping you in the good or the bad or sometimes I get discouraged after preaching and I get done and I think what am I doing? I don't know why I'm still preaching but Lord it's in that moment that you want to hear the fruit of my lips giving praise to God. I pray God that you'll help me do it, Lord. In the moment when we're most discouraged and in the moment when the devil tries to tell us we're nothing. In the moment when he tries to tell us to be silent, Lord, maybe at that moment is the very moment when you want to hear a sacrifice of praise. I pray you'd grant it tonight. Lord, open up my lips. Oh God, help me to speak the things that need to be said. Help me to confess, Lord, to the great high priest. for you are touched by the feeling of my infirmity, by the infirmities of the people. We thank you for that, Lord. I pray you'd help us tonight. Lord, if there's one here in need, I pray you'd meet their need tonight. I pray, Lord, you'd heal the sick and Lord, help those that are discouraged. Oh God, I pray you'd bring encouragement to them, Lord. Those that need revelation in their life. Give them revelation what to do and Lord, and things what they what how how they should live. But oh God for all of us Lord bring a sacrifice of praise from our lips. Help us to know that you are God and to speak it. Lord we pray in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I wonder if we can just stand together. Oh I feel his presence here again tonight. If you have the need the altar's open but I'd be glad to pray with you but Why don't we just worship him with all of our hearts? We're here. We're here. We're not often all gathered together. But those of us who are here tonight, while we're here, we just lift our hands to begin to worship him. Lord, I love you today. Maybe for the first time in a long time, you're going to hear that you're a good God. You're going to hear that I love you and that that I worship your name. I glorify your name. You're worthy to be praised. Today we are lesser priests bringing a sacrifice of praise to the great high priest. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. Together wonderful to me. Hallelujah. Oh light of the world. You step down into darkness. Oh, open my eyes. I'm so glad you did, Lord. Let me see. All your beauty that makes all this heart adore you. It's the hope of a life spend with you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Here I am to worship. Oh, I'm here Lord. I just want to worship you from the belly of this bail. Oh God, from the bottom of the of the ocean. Oh God, from the darkest moment of a life, Lord, I'm still going to praise you. I'm still going to worship you. Oh God, I'm still going to lift my hands. I won't do what I can, Lord. I'm going to offer my sacrifice of praise. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. I love you. You're worthy, oh God. Hallelujah. Oh, King of all day. So, so highly exalted. You are glorious in heaven and above. Oh yes, humbly you came to the earth. That's all right. Come on. Break through. Talk to him for a minute. Let him hear you. Let him know that you're here with him. That that he's worthy of your praise even on a Wednesday night. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, and here I am. I am one to worship. I didn't come for no purpose to this service. Here tonight as a priest of God after the order of Melzdc bringing a spiritual sacrifice. Oh, you're all together love. Oh, all together worthy. Oh, you're all together wonderful to me. Oh, I will never know how much it cost to see my sin upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sins upon the cross. Sing it now. Oh, here I am to worship. Oh, here I am. Here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together lovely. You're all together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Real quietly now. Sing it. Here I am to worship. Are you here to worship tonight? Sing it with all your heart. Here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together lovely. Oh, that wonderful. Allto together worthy. Hallelujah. All together wonderful to me. Hallelujah. Let's just lift our hands today. Lord, we're going to take this moment of opportunity to speak to you and tell you how wonderful you are, how lovely you are, Lord. You've forgiven me so many times, Lord Jesus. You've loved me so much, oh God. What could I give you back? How could I ever repay you for salvation? How could I repay you for the work of the Holy Ghost in my life? How could I ever repay you for your work here in this church, Lord? For your presence here among us, Lord, I could never do it, but I'm going to pay my vows right here in this place. Lord, I love you. I'm not ashamed of you. I I worship you with all of my heart, with all my breath, with all my strength. Oh God, I love you with all my heart. I thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. You are worthy. Hallelujah. Of it all. You're worthy of it all. Sing it to him, man. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Oh, for from you are all things. Oh, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. I'm not trying to prolong the service. I'm just out here worshiping with you. Let's just worship him a minute before we go of it all. Hallelujah. Oh, I love you, Lord Jesus. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Oh, I love you, Jesus. For from you are all things. Oh, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Sing it again with all your heart now. Oh yes, you're worthy. Oh, you're worthy, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord Jesus. Oh, you are worthy of it. Oh, thank you for forgiveness, Lord. Thank you for love. Thank you for your kindness. for your loving kindness towards us. Oh God, we love you, Lord Jesus. You are all things. You deserve the glory. Hallelujah. Sing it again. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. You are worthy of it all. Thank you, Lord. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's none like you. I worship you, Almighty God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing this before we go. If you have a need tonight, just lift it up to him. I believe he'll meet that need. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Sing it now. How will they play soft? I can search for all eternity long and I find there is none like you. Tell him tonight as we get ready to close now. Tell him, "Oh, there is none like you." We love you, Lord Jesus. Oh, no one else can touch my heart like you like you do. Oh, I could search for all eternity long and I find there is none like you. I worship you. Oh, sing it to him. He loves that. You're making the devil mad right now. But God loves The Lord Jesus loves to hear your your voice. He loves to hear you sing in the darkest moments. He loves to hear you sing even before the victory comes. He loves to hear your voice. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, that is what I do. Oh, I give you praise. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus, for you are my rightousness. [Music] I worship you, Almighty God. There is none like you. with all your hearts now. Oh, there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I will search for all eternity long and I'll find that there is none like you. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? How many enjoyed the word of the Lord this evening? Amen. I believe that'll do us good. We can worship him no matter what situation we find ourselves in. Amen. I want we just speed it up just for a second. Key of G. I feel like praising. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him. Oh yes, I feel like praising praising him. Well, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, singing. Why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? [Music] Oh, let's praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Oh yes. I feel like praising praising him. Do you feel like praising now? Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, let's praise him. Oh, can we praise him? Oh yes, I feel like praising. Sing it one more time. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh yes, I feel like praising. [Music] Oh yes, we will praise him in the morning. Praise him. I know I feel I feel like praising praising him. Somebody give him a hand clap of praise tonight. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee one more time before we go now. Oh yes. I just want to thank you Lord for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night. Oh, when I saw your glorious life, came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee. Can you give the Lord one more hand praise before you go? Amen. God bless you. You're free to go. Well, look what the Lord has done. Oh yes. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. Oh, he saved me. Oh, just in time, I'm going to praise his name. Each day is just the same. [Music] Come on and praise.
