################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-09 - Bro. Ben Beard "The Need for a Savior"  Sunday Evening 6-8-25 - Ben Beard - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-09
Title:   Bro. Ben Beard "The Need for a Savior"  Sunday Evening 6-8-25
Speaker: Ben Beard
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XWWhaPjM7s
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] la. [Music] The joy of [Music] knowing with hearts are glowing. Someday I'm [Music] going going my home in glory. We're going to walk all streets paid with gold. Well, I was on the mountain. I was wondering from the fountain when I heard my savior speak to me. [Music] He said, "Come to me, relenting of your sins, repenting, and I will lead you out where you can see." Well, I'm so glad he found me in love. He found me. He put his arms all around me. And he led me to the shelter. And now I'm one of his [Music] own. And all the joy of [Music] knowing with hearts are glow. Someday I'm going going to my home my home in glory. We're going to walk on streets paid with glory. Oh well I will love him ever. I will stray from him no never. for he's the friend I ever knew. And when I see him yonder, my love will still grow fonder in that happy land beyond the blue with all your hearts down. And I so glad, aren't you glad he found you? Oh yes he did. He put his arms all around me and he led me to the [Music] shelter. And now I'm one of his own and [Music] know the joy of knowing with hearts of [Music] glor going to my home my home in glory. We're going to walk on streets paid with gold. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Keep G. Look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. I'm going to praise his name. Oh, he stays just the [Music] same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. With all your hearts now. Oh, sing it. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. And I'm going to praise his name. Each day is just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord. Sing it one more time. Turn around. Shake somebody's hand as you sing it now. Well, look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. Oh, just in time. I'm going to praise his name. Each day is just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise if you would tonight. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do. But I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing it one more time. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do. And I came to praise him. Yes, we did. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. One more time. You're sounding good. Oh, sing it. I don't know what you came to do. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, I don't know what you came to do. And I came to praise the Lord. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Did you come to praise the Lord tonight? Go ahead and give him another hand clap of praise. Amen. We're going to go ahead and have our ushers come this evening. And I don't have any written requests. Uh but I do have an announcement that next uh Sunday uh will be Father's Day and so we'll only have one service next Sunday. Amen. So just be looking forward to that celebrating our fathers. And uh also on Saturday uh if you want to, there is a work day here at the church. Just some folks coming to do some things. There'll be a list that needs done. Uh if you want to volunteer to help, just shoot a text to Brother Ben or or one of the trustees, Brother David or one of them, and and let them know that if you can make it. Uh and they'll they'll find you something to do. I don't know how much stuff they need done, but several things for sure. So, uh, just just let us know if you can make that on Saturday. I'm sure if you show up early, we can talk Ben into bringing donuts. And so, maybe that'll be an incentive far as pay goes, just to, you know, give your time to the Lord. Hallelujah. And so, just remember one service next Sunday. How many's looking forward to a good time tonight? Amen. Did you enjoy this morning's message? Wasn't that good? Yeah. Go ahead. It was wonderful. [Applause] We're going to have brother David take the knees to the Lord tonight. If you have a need on your heart, just put your hand up to the Lord. Dear heavenly father and Lord, we come before you this evening, Lord. Just thanking you for your blessings, Lord, your greatness, your goodness in our lives, Lord, just appreciate you so much, Lord. Just thank you for your everything you've done for us, Lord. Just thank you for the service this morning, Lord. Just looking forward to what you have to say to us this evening. Lord, you see the request that's brought before you. Lord, you know each and every need under every hand among us. Lord, just move and touch and bless each and every one. Lord, be with him. Lord, bless our offering, Lord. Just pray you just help us use it according to your will, Lord. And bless brother Ben as he comes and speaks. Lord, just may you just move on him, Lord, and use him, Lord, and hear through us this evening, Lord, that we'll pull from the word of the Lord this evening, Lord. Just help us worship you now in spirit and in truth in Jesus name we [Music] pray. My God is awome. He can move mountains. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. And my God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I've been weakened. Forever he will reign. And my God is awesome. He is [Music] awome. He's awome. Awome. My God is awome. Lord, you are awome. He's awome. Awome. My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. And by his stripes I'm healed. And my God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. Let me hear you sing it now. My God, he's awome. He's awome. Lord, you are awome. You're awome. My God is awesome. You are [Music] awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Oh, he's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. Lord, you're awome. Awesome. Do you believe he's holy here tonight? Oh, he's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's [Music] awome. Awome. Oh, he's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. Oh, yes. He's awome. Lord, you're awome. Oh, my God is awome. He can move mountains, keep me in the valley, hide me from the rain. Oh my God is awesome. Heals me when I'm broken. strength where I've been weakened. Praise his holy. One more time. My God is awesome. Oh my God is awesome. Lord, you are awome. You are awome. Awome. My God is awesome. Do you believe he's awesome here tonight? Amen. Sister Nolley. Sister Nolley, where are you? We got a song for S request for Sister Nolley, Sister Esther, and Sister Graceland to sing here tonight. I heard them practice this song, and I sure enjoyed it when they were practicing it. So, looking forward to this. And also, right after they're done, if we could get Sister Anna and uh Sister Emma and Sister Ella to come up just as soon as they're done, that'd be wonderful. God bless you. [Music] All the saint and angels bow before your throne. All the elers cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] We have seen your glory. In this final age, our hearts are filled with praise as we glorify your name. To you we sing. You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] and let in. [Music] Day and night, night and day, let in. Day and night, night and day, let in. Day and night, night and [Music] day, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy of it [Laughter] all. You are worthy of it [Music] all. For you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. For you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Applause] Did you enjoy that? [Music] You are the healer. [Music] of my heart, maker and the God of all. [Music] I was the broken vessel in your head. You looked beyond my heart and made me of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my life I surrender. Lay it down. I give my life to you. [Music] Love me before I knew you. has brought me to where you are. [Music] Now I live to praise you. May I praise you of my home. [Music] Nothing to knowing you and see what the grace of God can do. [Music] You faithfully [Music] me when you called me your own. You made a way to bring my wondering heart back home. [Music] Healer of the broken [Music] pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. [Music] Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. I give my life to you. Love [Music] me to where you are. [Music] Now I [Music] live the healer of my heart. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. [Music] Now my life [Music] I give my life to you. [Music] Love [Music] me to where you are. [Music] Now praise [Music] you, the healer of my heart. [Music] Now I live to praise you. May I praise you, the healer of my heart. [Music] [Applause] [Music] enjoy those specials tonight. Amen. Let's give our singers another hand. I think that might have been Graceland's first time singing up here in church at least that I've since I've when I've been here. And uh I tell you what, what a voice that girl, where'd she get that, Joe? You don't know, do you? Maybe her mama knows how to sing, too. And we're just missing out on all kinds of talent. So, we just have to My goodness, Sister Stephanie, you're hiding something from us. But, well, we sure appreciate our young people singing for the Lord, don't we? Amen. We We really do. We want to just encourage them to keep doing it. And go ahead, give our singers a good hand. We're going to stand together. We're going to go ahead and invite brother Ben Beard to come out and speak for us tonight. Amen. I know we enjoyed him this morning and he just poured his heart out to us. And we're looking for just some more tonight to feed on the word of the Lord. We appreciate Sister Tiffany coming as well and and we wish the family could have come, but they had some youth events going on this weekend. So, uh, but that's okay. Next time, maybe they'll make it, too. But we're also glad to have our visitors here from our sister church with us. God bless you all. Good to have you with us tonight. Let's just enter in and pull on the gift of God. Can we do it? Amen. He told me, I asked him how long he's going to preach. He said, "Epends on how they pull." So, pull real good tonight. We're We're pull real good tonight as Brother Ben comes. I just want to thank you, Lord. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? And thanks for that special life when I saw your glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee with all your hearts now. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? And thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I I think we can do it one more time. Well, I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I such glory [Music] revealed? [Music] Glorious with eternal life. I thank Aren't you grateful for that tonight? Amen. Let's bow our heads this evening. Dear heavenly father, God, help we just thank you, Lord, for for Lord, being able to stand in this hour, Father, and Lord, we don't wander in darkness, Father, but Lord, we stand in a a glorious light tonight, Lord. And God, we we know, Father, that Lord, you said in the evening time, it shall be light, Lord. And so, God, I thank you, Father, for eyes to see, Lord, and ears to hear tonight, Lord. But Lord, tonight, Father, we've come once more, Lord, on this Sunday evening, God. And and Lord, we we come, Father, Lord, and we we say, Lord, would you just step down once more, Father, and make yourself known to us tonight? And Lord, I ask, Father, that you would take us, Lord, and get us each one out of our out of the way tonight, Father. That that Lord, you'd be the high and lifted up one tonight, God. And Lord, it's not about me or anybody else, Father, but Lord, this service, God, it's about you tonight. And and Lord, I ask, Father, that you would just come. And Lord, get me so far out of the way, Father, that it's not my mind, Lord. It's not my thoughts, Lord, but God, that it's you, Lord, standing before your children, Lord. And Lord, breaking the bread of life tonight, Father. Lord, I ask, Father, that you'd open the channels of inspiration, Father. Lord, may we be sensitive, Father, to run down those tonight, Father. Lord, I I don't know the needs of the people, Father, but thou knowest all things, Lord. And God, I I just ask you, Father, to just meet every need tonight, Father. Lord, I I thank you, Father, once again, Father, for these people, Lord, that are Lord, here in in this church tonight, Father, here at Word of Life, Father, God, they're just a portion of the bride, Father. But but Lord, we just thank you for them tonight. And Lord, I ask, Father, you'd be their portion this evening, Father. God, may there be a great revelation, Father. Lord, that would Lord set on the heart of every believer tonight, Father. That Lord, your word, Father, it would Lord, it would not only be a head knowledge, but God, it would become a heart knowledge tonight, Father. Lord, that Father, that Lord, you would just, Lord, the eyes of every heart, Father, would come open tonight, Lord. And and God, we'd be able to wage a good warfare tonight, Lord. God, would you grant it, Father? I pray Lord, would you just come and anoint in a mighty way? Anoint the speaker tonight and anoint the hearer, Father. And Lord, I ask, Father, that Lord, as the preaching of the word goes forth, God, Lord, may it fall on good ground this evening, Father. Lord, prepared ground, dear God. And Lord, I ask, Father, that there would be a harvest that would be reaped tonight, Father. Lord, a harvest of joy, Father. A harvest of peace, Lord, a harvest of understanding, Lord. Lord, I ask Father that Lord, you'd make take the broken heart, Lord, and you'd mend it once again tonight, Father. Lord, take the despondent soul, Father, and Lord, settle this fire on fire for you tonight, Lord. And God, I ask that you'd do it, Lord. Lord, we love you, Father. Lord, now, Lord, we stand here tonight, Lord, and we report for duty, dear God. Lord, I ask, Father, that you'd use us as only you can, Father. And Lord, as we end this service tonight, Lord, may we say, Lord, truly, did not our hearts burn within us, Lord, as you spoke with us along the way, how we love you, Lord, and we thank you for it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him tonight? I said, don't you love him tonight? Amen. There you are. God bless you tonight. It's certainly good to have each and every one of you here tonight and say thank you for for coming tonight. Genesis chapter 3 verse one tonight. We're uh we were in the vein of thought this morning. Took a title of beautifully broken and we're we're staying kind of similar in that same vein of thought, but we're going to change the title up just a little bit tonight and we're just going to call it the need for a savior. The need for a savior tonight. Genesis chapter 3 verse one. Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, "Ya hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree in the garden?" And the woman said unto the serpent, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest you die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "Ye shall not," He just he quoted the word back to her, but he just just changed one word. Ye shall not surely die. For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as God's, knowing good and evil. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and the tree and and a tree to be desired, to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked. And they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons. And they heard the voice of the Lord. I love this now. And they heard the voice heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day. And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden. And the Lord God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou? And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid myself. And he said, Who told thee that thou was naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou should us not eat? And the man said to the woman said, And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to me to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat. And the Lord God said unto the woman, "What is this thou hast done?" And the woman said, "The serpent begiled me, and I did eat." God bless you. You can have your seats for just a few moments this evening, a need for a savior. For truly we know that the devil, he hates two books in the Bible. We know that that we're taught that he hates the the book of Genesis because it shows his beginning. And then also he hates the book of Revelation because it also it shows his ending. So, we know that that here in this in this book of Genesis, we find a great a great mystery laying within the pages of the of this book. And and of course, we know as message believers, we know exactly what took place in this scene. And we're not going to go into that tonight, but but we know that that right here at this at this moment in time, you can identify where sin entered into the picture and all of a sudden man was in need of a savior. And and we find how that how that as sin became amen in this in this picture, it's be to it settled in. And we know that the the Bible says that the be the serpent was the most subtle beast of the field. And and so we know and we're taught that that that that serpent was actually an upright creature. It was a beast. And and as that as he would begin to talk to Eve, he would come and he would he would begin to speak and and and and he and he would come and in such a way that that that he would he would take the word and he would actually quote the word back to Eve and and he would quote almost all of the word. Now, there's where your troubles at is where it's almost all of the word. But he would come and he would quote almost all the word, but he would change just one little part of it. And we know that the Bible says that in the last days it'd be so close that it would deceive the very elect. But I'm so thankful that he said, "If it were possible," aren't you grateful for that tonight that you that you have an assurance or you have a a a a an assurance. Amen. That you're able to stand in this hour and and you're able to discern between right and wrong. You're able to discern between truth and false. Amen. And but many times the devil, he doesn't come in, amen, and and preach to you or or teach to you, Amen, a blatant false doctrine. He doesn't come in that way. Many times he he doesn't come in through the front door and and and ring the doorbell and say, "Well, I'm I'm here and this is what I'm doing." No, that's not the way he comes in. But he'll he'll slip in little by little and before you know it, you've ran down a path. Amen. And and and you've lost your way. How did that happen? Well, it was a little here and a little there. Now, I don't believe that we have that trouble here. That is not why I'm preaching this tonight. I believe that you're you've been blessed with a a good godly pastor and good godly ministry around you. Amen. To preach to you the whole council of God. And otherwise, you know, well, I don't believe that they would be here today because I believe you to be a Holy Ghost fil people. I believe that you would be able to identify that and you'd be able to say, "No, we're we're not going that route." Amen. So, we don't say those things because there's trouble here, but I believe that you've got a good godly ministry. How many's thankful for your pastor and the ministry here? Amen. At Word of Life. That's all right. You can give him a hand. It sure don't hurt you to do that. Amen. You're blessed to be able to have a ministry, amen, in this hour that'll declare to you the whole council of God unapologetically. Amen. I'm thankful for men like that. But as we get into this tonight, I'm going to try to be just as brief as I know how to be tonight. Amen. But uh but we but we uh we we see here that that as as as uh in this picture here that is being developed now, we see how that sin begin to enter into the into the realm and into the picture. And but you know, I like how he said that that God don't want you to to to eat of that tree because he he don't want you to he your eyes will be open that you're gods and you But what that you understand, brother, sister, they already were that. Amen. They were already in that place. Amen. That that as they as they would speak, it would happen. Adam could say, "Mountain, be moved." And it would be moved. And he would begin to name as he begin to speak the word, the the word would come to pass. Amen. So, he was already in that place. But what was it? Satan had taken him and he he had taken him from that place and he had entered in. Amen. And we know that how that that entered in was Eve stepped from out behind the word. Sister, it's so important that we don't step from outside of the word, but we stay right directly behind the word. Amen. We stay with what it what the word says and what the word declares. Amen. But if Eve would have done that, look, it wouldn't the human race wouldn't be where it's at today. But because Eve stepped from out behind the word. Amen. Now Eve was taken out of the sight of Adam. And Eve, we realize and we're taught that Eve was actually a byproduct of the man. She wasn't actually in the original creation. Amen. How many knows that? Amen. But she was taken out of the side of man as a helpmate for the man. And and so so Eve would be taken. Why did Satan come, Amen through that that that uh through that vessel of the of Eve? It was because, see, he couldn't come through Adam, but he had to come through that other rail. But as Eve fell, Amen. Adam because of his love for Eve, he would he would look at Eve and he would know exactly what she had done wrong, she would he would know that she had she had stepped from out behind the from behind the protection, amen, of the word. So, so Adam knowing that he would become so overcome with the love for Eve that now Adam would actually act almost like a savior to Eve because the penalty of death was sin. So, we know Adam knew whenever he would look at Eve, he knew that she was going to die whenever God got down there. And and so Adam knowing and overcome with the love that he had for his wife, he came and and she be to express to him what had happened. And and she also give unto him. And and him knowing all the time, there been he'd done that. And why did he do that? Amen. It was because, Amen, of the love that he had for that one that God had given. And he knew that the penalty, amen, it would be death. But he also knew that he was a son of God. He was a spoken word king seed of God. And he knew that if he amen would come and and he would he would he would take his wife's sin upon himself as it were, he knew that once that gene seed was placed there, that God couldn't kill her no more than God could kill Adam. So Adam stood in this t. Oh my, aren't you grateful for that tonight? Adam stood in hisstead for his wife. And what did he do? Brother Joel, he stood in the gap and he knew his wife. And now with God come down in the cool of the day. Amen. He begin to call him and he begin to say, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" Now I want you to understand, brother, sister, God already knew. God already knew what was going to happen because God, inside of God, there was an attribute to be a savior. Inside of God, there was an attribute to be a healer. And inside of God, there was those attribute. So, in order for them attributes to come to full manifestation, something had to be lost to be saved. Something had to be sick to be healed. So, God already knew. But what was that actually doing? It was fulfilling the full purpose of Christ Jesus because he could never express himself the way that he desired to express himself without that happening. You'd say, "Brother Ben, now why wouldn't God stop that from happening?" He could have done that. No doubt. But because of those attributes that needed expressed, oh my, he allowed the devil to come in and to do that. So now Adam would to look and he would take and he would he we realize that it was twins. I'm just being vague tonight. Amen. But we realize that that was twins that would be implanted in that in that seed would be planted there in that in that womb. Amen. But what was it? See if the one seed was there only. Amen. She was subject to death. But whenever that other seed was planted there all of a sudden it shielded her. Hallelujah. All of a sudden, it stood. But how many's following me tonight? All of a sudden, now she was impregnated with a word. That's true. Amen. So now God Amen. He couldn't He couldn't kill Eve without killing a part of Adam. [Music] Is that right? Amen. Everybody with me? Amen. But right there, there was a need of a savior. But we realized that that even though sin had entered into the picture, it did not stop God from coming and calling. Even though sin had entered into the program in the Garden of Eden, it did not stop God from doing his part and calling. Let me tell you something, brother. I'm thankful that he's still calling today. I'm thankful that there's still a God that's pulling on the heart of men today. Even though there's sin in the world, even though there may be sin in your life sometime, but yet God still calling. Hallelujah. It never stopped him. Even though sin had entered into the into the picture. Amen. And Adam and Eve, you understand? They never realized that they were naked until sin had entered into the picture. Then all of a sudden their eyes weren't open and they realized that they had to they had to cover themselves. Why would they why would they have to do that? Because their eyes were open at what was standing before them. That's broad, but it's just you you're following me. Amen. So, so man has always been that way. This is just a little different tonight. You forgive me for that. I'm I'm a little more into that that other mode this this evening. But but uh but man, Amen. has always done that. Amen. They've always tried to they've always tried to cover themselves. Come on. Amen. They've always tried to to make a a a covering of their own. You understand? It's always a a a covering that they'll take and they'll try to join this church as a covering or that church as a covering. But what is religion? It's a covering. Is that right? Amen. But but you understand, Amen. They've always tried to do that. But you understand that as God would come, they would begin to cover themselves. But God knew what had happened. And here still came God. Here still came God. Even though sin had entered into the picture. And he said, "Adam, Adam, where are you, Lord? Adam, Adam, where art thou? Adam." and Adam and Eve back there, they weren't hiding from God. He knew where they were. And many times, you're thinking, "You're hiding from God. You might hide from your pastor. You might hide from the deacon, but you're never hiding from God. He knows exactly where you're at." And he's saying, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" Oh my, I'm so grateful that it didn't stop God from coming and calling. Even though sin had entered the picture, God still was faithful and he called. Hallelujah. I'm thankful I had a need for a savior and a savior showed up. Oh my. I'm thankful that I had a need for a savior and a savior showed up. Amen. But but you understand you weren't never looking for God, brother, sister. But it was always God that would come. Look, I'm a looking for you. You say, "Oh, I was a looking for God." No, you never look for God because you were born in sin. You were shaped in iniquity. You came into this world speaking lie and your flesh was enmity with God. There was a war between you and God. But nonetheless, God come looking for you. And he said, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" Oh, you never went looking for God. But God come looking for you. Why? Because because there was a there was a need for a savior. And if there's a need for a savior, then a savior is what you'll have. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh my. Oh, I went looking for God. I I I'm the one that held on to God. No, you never held on to God. But God all the time, he was holding on to you, brother, sister. You might have children out in the world. You might have a a son out in drugs and alcohol and crowing with women, but let me tell you something. If you'll just place them before God, he might be out crowing. He might be out with with this one and that one and this one and that one over there and and and maybe shooting up with dope. But if you'll commit them to God, take them out of your hands and place them in the hands of God. I want to tell you, one day you've got a promise, mama. One day you got a promise, daddy, that one day they're going to hear, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" Hallelujah. Hey, don't give up on your prodals. I believe that this church will fill up with prodals. Come on, somebody. Come on. Let's not give up on our prodals. I believe that you're going to start watching prodals walking through the back door. You're going to watch prodals that have been gone for 15, 20, 30 years. And you're going to watch them weep their way back into the presence of almighty God. This isn't a time of subtraction. It's a m of multiplication. It is not a time that people are going to We're getting le weaker, but we're getting stronger and stronger. Yes, sir. Don't give up on your prodical mama. Don't give up on your on your husband or your wife. Come on, somebody. You place them before God and you leave them there. Come on, brother. Every time I I I take my hands off of them, looks like they get further away. That's all right. They're in God's hands, not yours. Hallelujah. The devil wants you to back up on your promise. There ain't no reason to back up on your promise. Amen. God promised it. You believe it and that settles it. Adam, Adam, where art thou? Hallelujah. I'm so grateful that because sin entered the picture, Amen. It didn't stop a savior from doing his part. Amen. There they were. There they were. They were in a broken condition and and and broken and and and and and they would stand there and but yet God would come down in the cool of the day like he always did because God keeps every appointment that he ever ever made. And he had made an appointment with him that day that he would be there on that day in the cool of the day. And it didn't matter what had gotten in between them and him. He was still there. Yes, sir. He was still there and he was still calling. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. The need for a savior. They didn't know what it was like until that moment to need a savior. That's right. They didn't know what it was like until that moment to need a savior. But now all of a sudden, they realize that their man-made religion wouldn't work. no more. All of a sudden, they realize that just me attending a message church, it wasn't good enough just to attend the message church no more. The me, you understand, many of us are in the message, but the message ain't in us. Come on, somebody. It wasn't good enough just because I was raised in this message. Now, it's got to be a personal experience. Hallelujah. We get them. We get them so far, but we failed to get them on to God. Come on, somebody touched on that just a little bit this morning. I'm not going to get bogged down in that again tonight, but we'll get them so far. Amen. But we but we refuse to to to take them on in too. Hallelujah. Amen. Adam, Adam, we're hearts out, sir. We and we would see Jesus. 196 late 1962, excuse me. Victoria, Brit, British Columbia. He says, "You don't seek God. God seeks you." You said, "I sought. I He said, you said you you said I sought and sought it." No. No. It was God seeking you. Just you wouldn't turn loose. That's all. Come on, somebody. Just you. There's a key there. Just you wouldn't turn loose, that's all. And I tell you what, sometimes that's the case. I wonder what our church services be like if if we would turn loose. Yes, sir. I wonder what our our homes would be like if we would let loose. I wonder what our pastor would preach like if we would let loose. I wonder what kind of kind of signs and wonders would be set seen in the church if we would let loose. But we're so the theological until we got everything figured out. Let me tell you something. You don't know nothing and I don't either. Yes, sir. Come on, somebody. We think we got it all figured out. God can do what God wants to do. This is his house anyhow. It ain't your house. It ain't my house. It ain't his house. It's God's house. I say, let him out of the corner and let him move up and down the corridors of every heart. Let him move on the hearts of men and young women and young boys and let them have an experience with a a lifechanging savior. Let's not have less of Jesus. Let's have more of Jesus. Let's have less of you and me. You want to have less of something? I say let it start with brother Ben Beard. Let there be less and less of Ben and more and more of him. Let it start right here. There's too much of being hanging on. But God, I surrender my will. I surrender my life. I surrender my family. I surrender my children unto you, Lord. God, I take my hands off of it. They need a savior. And I do, too. Thank you, Lord. Oh my. What would our What would our services be like, brother, sister, if we would just take our hands off and say, "God, oh God, you lead, you guide." What would our services be like if we came in 30 minutes early or 45 minutes early? Am I okay, brother Ben? Came in 30 minutes or 45 minutes early and we hit our knees. Come on, somebody. Instead of hit Facebook. Come on, somebody. Why are we standing underneath the awning scrolling Facebook when we ought to be down on our knees seeking for God saying, "God, move on my pastor to come right down. I got a need, Lord. Lord, would you come in my midst tonight? Lord, what would our services be like if we get if we approached every service as though it was our last? Oh, church, I don't know why I'm here tonight. Can I just preach tonight? I I I don't know. But but what what would our services be like if we'd approach every service like it was our last service, like our life depends on it? And it does. What would our worship be like if our life depended on it? And it does. You say, "I'm in a low valley." Worship your way out of it. Praise your way out of it. Where you at, Miriam? Grab your tambourine and start walking all over the devil's head. Hallelujah. Miriam, look back behind her. She saw that taskmaster that had once beat her. Come on. Maybe it beat her a few days before that and she watched him go under that under that sea of judgment. And let me tell you, brother Harvey, she was overcome with joy. She grabbed a hold of that tambourine and she start and she had herself a Holy Ghost fit. She had herself a Holy Ghost fit. She grabbed that tambourine and she took off dancing. Oh my god. She dancing. Don't she know that's out of order? Oh, bless God. Bless her heart. Brother Ben's going to have to have a talk with her. And if Brother Ben don't, I will. Maybe you ought to get in the aisle with her. Come on, somebody. Maybe you ought to get in the aisle with her. It might set you free. It might get that critical devil off of you. Yes, sir. Come on, somebody. Is that a little too straight? I'm sorry. It might get that I'm comfortable now. God help us all. Amen. Hey, maybe it maybe it do you good to get that critical devil off you. Brother was in that spot one time. Now I'm just off on inspiration. Brother was in that spot one time and he stood there. He was crossed his tees and he was dotting his eyes. But before you know it, he was sitting there and before you know it, the critical spirit got off of him and he got out in that aisle and he be to Oh, glory to God. He be to get in a different atmosphere. He begin to Everything else didn't matter. This didn't matter. That didn't matter. He got out there and before you know it, he was in the middle of that floor and he was cutting the rug. Come on, somebody. Praise God. Don't he know he's out of order? I can show you a quote where brother said, "I hope somebody gets out of order long enough to get saved." That's just what he said. I'm sorry. I don't I don't read them and weep. Come on. Amen. I'm sorry. I This I'm just being me. All right. I I don't know how to be anything else. You either you're either going to love me or hate me after this. But I find that's just generally the case. They either love me or they hate me. Adam, where art thou? Never stopped him from seeking. He said you don't seek God. He said you just He said just you wouldn't turn loose. That's all. See, God seeks man, not man seeking God. the very ma nature of man showed in the Garden of Eden when he sinned. Instead of coming out and confessing it, he ran. That's every one of our That's every one of our our our our thing to do. Instead of just confessing that thing and cutting the devil's head off immediately, we take off running for all we're worth. Come on, somebody. Y'all's the same as I am. That's all right. You take off running as hard as you can. And that's the devil chasing you with that. Amen. because he knows, brother Joe, if you'll just stop right there, identify that devil and dismiss him and move on that he's lost his hold on you. He's lost his hold on you. At that moment, you know you're wrong. You identify it. You confess it. And the devil's powerless before you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Come on. He said they run. They run. It wasn't Adam running through the garden hauling God. God, where are you? No, that ain't what he does. When you find a man that he's so discouraged that he can't he has to look look down to look up. You ever been there? You've been so low you got to look down to look up. Come on, somebody. I've been there. Amen. But you watch that man and before you know it, he gets in that state and he It's not that he stays in the house of God, but he begins to run. He begins to run for all that he's worth. And before you know it, the pastor's out having to chase him down. And it ought to be the other way around. But you understand what it is. It's a devil running you ragged. Come on. Come on. It's a devil running you out on a rail. Hey brother, sister, I'm just showing you who you are tonight. Come on. If if if we would catch this one revelation tonight. Amen. There ain't no telling what happened in the service tonight. Come on, somebody. There ain't no telling what you could walk out of here free of tonight if you'll only believe. The pro the angel of the Lord came to the prophet and he said, "If you can get the people to believe." Yes, sir. Come on, somebody. We try to make it so complicated. He didn't say whenever I come back. He didn't say will you did you understand it? Will I find understanding? He said will I find faith? Come on now. I believe that we ought to be taught. We ought to be understanding. We ought to we ought to study to show ourselves approved. I don't believe in ignorance. Come on. I don't believe in those sayings. Oh my. We bury our head in the sand and we say, "Well, we ain't got to study. We ain't got to do that. We ain't got to have no revelation. That's a lie out of the pit hell." That's right. Come on, somebody. If you don't have no revelation, you got to you better seek God somewhere. You better get on your knees and say, "God, I need help." Come on. Come on, somebody. Hallelujah. Most of times we want the pastor to do our studying for us. Don't work that way. Come on. Though he studies, no doubt. I know he studies because you don't pastor a church without studying. He said it wasn't Adam running through the garden hollering, "God, God, where are you?" It was God's sake. Adam, Adam, where? But I want to I want you to notice something, church. Before sin ever entered into the picture, God had already made a way. Thank you, Lord. God had already made a way for him to for for the chasm to be bridged before. It was it was not out of the plan of God. It was not out of the You say, "Brother Ben, you don't know what's happened in my life." No, I don't know what's happened in your life. But I'll tell you this much. The Bible said that the footsteps of the righteous, they're ordered of God. It doesn't matter. He didn't say they were ordered sometimes of God. He said the footsteps of a righteous man. It is ordered of God. If you find yourself in a valley, it's because God's footstep, the the order of God, it led you, it leads right through that valley. The children of Israel when they came out of the out of the out of out of Egypt, brother, sister, they came to a Red Sea. And that Red Sea was before them, and the mountains was on the other either side of them, and Pharaoh's army was behind them. But let me tell you something, that Red Sea did not take God by surprise. But the footsteps of the children of Israel, it led right through that Red Sea. So that Red Sea wasn't a problem for God. He was just taking them. They were still in God's hand. They were still in the plan of God. And now God had to just produce a miracle before them and start moving the water. The Red Sea wasn't a challenge for the children of Israel. It was a chance for the glory of God. What did he tell Moses? He said, "Stand still." He said, "Stand still and watch the glory of God." Moses stood there and he told the children of Israel, he said, "Stand still and watch the glory of God." Thank you, Lord. Brother, sister, if you leave this this service these services today, and you're still down in the in the valley, it's because you chose to stay there. Come on. Come on. There's nothing but grace today. My job today, I I I didn't come here with any agenda. I came here to simply encourage you today and to tell you to keep going. Keep your head up and keep pressing this battle. Yes, it's getting harder and harder, but let me tell you, you're getting stronger and stronger. Yes, sir. Let me tell you, the father of God said that the lid had been pulled off of hail. But I want to tell you something. And he also said, "If the devil's doing one thing, God's doing another. If the devil's working on one end, God's working on the other." So if the lid's been pulled off of hell, that tells me also that the lid has been has been pulled off of heaven. And let me tell you, these signs shall follow them that believe. I'm not looking for less miracles. Come on, church. I said I'm gonna say it again and amen me real good right here. I said, "I'm not looking for less. I'm looking for more. I'm not looking for less revelation. I'm looking for more. I'm not looking to be less like God. I'm looking to become God." Woo. That was strong, wasn't it? But that's the way it is. All that God God was, he poured into Christ. All that Christ was now he poured into. That's right. Come on, somebody. So I ask you today, where is Christ this evening? He's sitting right here in a many membered bride body. When you speak, he speaks. He said, "You'll have thus sayith the Lord or keep still." He also said that the bride knew what he wanted done with this word. He didn't just give her the word. Amen. And say, "I hope you know what to do with that, honey." No, he gave it to her because he knew. He had confidence in her that she would know exactly how to place that word. Hallelujah. My wife sitting right there, she has the ability and the authority to speak on my behalf. Why does she have that ability and the authority? Because I gave her my last name. When she signs her name on that checkbook, it's as good as my name on that checkbook. And when she speaks, it's as good as I'm speaking. And when you say, "House of hell, give way." It's the same as Christ standing there and saying, "Devil, back up and give way. Loose him and let him go." When you take the anointed word and you place the anointed word on the anointed lips of an anointed bride and you speak that word, every devil in hell has to bow at that word. Thank you. Come on. Huh? Christ in you. I know I'm jumping all over the place tonight, but I'm having a good time doing it. Come on. Christ in you, the hope of glory. Thank you, Lord. I'm about to take off around this building. Come on. Huh? That ought to excite you, church. Brother said, he said, "You live, God have mercy, you live millions of miles below, millions of miles below your God-given right or privilege." I don't like that. You know, if if if uh if Brother Joel, we all know Brother Joel's got all the money. That's right. Praise the Lord. Huh? Hot, dude. It's in your back pocket. Brother Joe looked at me and he said, "Brother Ben, I got $200 with your name written all over it. I'm going to say, "Thank you, Jesus." First, brother Joel, if you pulled that $200 out and you had $200 bills, I guarantee don't try me. Yeah, do. But if Joel, Brother Joel, pulled out a $200 bills and he said, "Brother Ben, this is yours. All you got to do is come and take it." Come on, somebody. All you got to do is come and take it. Now, I might be in the back of the church. I might even be in the middle of the church. I might even be at the front of the church. You ain't never seen nothing like this, have you? Amen. But if he said, "Brother Ben, this $200 is yours. All you got to do is come and take it." Now, now do you think No. Now, do you think that I'm just going to sit here? Heavens, no. Ain't no way. Amen. But when I get there, I'm not just going to take a $100 bill and say, "Brother Joel, you keep that for a rainy day." Come on, somebody. But you understand your approach to God. Many times are just that way. God says you can have your deliverance and you sit there and don't take it. God says you can have your children and you sit there and you don't claim them. Come on, somebody. Don't get heavy on me now. We're going to preach for just a minute. Amen. But it's yours. But you got to do something to go get it. Come on, somebody. I tell you right now, mama and daddy, if you got something, if you got your baby out there, you go get them. How do I do that, brother? You lay them at the feet of Jesus and you say, "God, they're in your hands now. Come on. Amen. But I'm not going to go down there and I'm I'm just going to Well, I thank you, brother Joel, for your consideration, but I don't need the 200. And I'm going to take it whether I need it or not. Come on, somebody. Because I don't want him. I don't want the bins getting confused. Amen. The other Ben might think it's for him. It's all right to laugh. I believe in I believe the Lord has a sense of humor. Amen. But we approach God. Amen. That way many times and and you realize sometimes you might be one Thank you Jesus away from your deliverance. You might be one thing one hallelujah away from your deliverance. What if non had went down there and he only did five times. Come on. Come on somebody. That wasn't what the word said. He said you go down there and you did seven times. Come on church. But he went down there and he come down the first time and he come up. He still looked the same. But yet the word had proclaimed a promise over him. Yeah. Yes, sir. Non went down the second time. He looked come back up. He looked the same. Three, four, five, six, seven. And on that sixth time, he looked and he said, "I'm still the same. There ain't no hope." That ain't what the word said. Come on, somebody. It said seven times he come down that seventh time. It wasn't good enough to go down six and a half times. I went down. I I got almost all the word, brother. I believe everything except [Music] Come on, somebody. You don't get to, right? That okay. Amen. non went down seven and he come up and then the Lord fulfilled the word. Come on. Come on. It's just like when brother Brandon would have a vision, he would stand there and and if and and and when God would show him something, if one thing was out of order, if one thing if that sweater wasn't moved over here to this chair, Amen. the fulfillment of the vision wasn't yet. He could have acted. He could have he could have spoke the word but the chair sweater was supposed to be here and it was over there but it would have never come to pass. Why? Because it wasn't exactly the way the angel had showed him. Come on somebody. And that's why the word it must be fulfilled to the letter. It must be fulfilled every dot and every tit line upon line precept upon precept. Here a little and there a little keep our personal interpretations out of it. Is that okay? Good. Excuse me. He said, he said, he said it was God saying, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" Same thing today. It is God seeking man. No, not man see no man can come to me except my father draws him first. But Adam, he realized in that moment that he was in need of a savior. Come on, somebody. At that moment, Amen. They was in that sin had entered into the word into the into the picture and the penalty was death. And Adam knew that if if God found Eve with child of a of an uncertain seed, Amen. that she would surely die because that penalty was death. But when God when Adam stood in thestead of Eve, hallelujah. When Adam stood in thestead, he what was it? He said, "I'll stand and I'll fall with her. I'll take the sin upon myself. And there he was. He took a fall, amen, upon himself. And we realized that God come down. And you can hear it now. The the the and God would take the the the the the fig leaves off of them and he would place skins of of lambs over them, bloody and and and they would be covered in that blood. And as they would be walking out of that garden, prophet of God would say, "I hear it just now, something slapping against her leg." He said, "Oh, I see it now. What is it?" He said, "It's that blood. It's running down their leg and it's that lamb covering them." What was it? It was the blood. It was a substitute. It was God taking a because there had to be blood for sin. So God said, "I'll accept the substitute until there's a perfect lamb that would come into this world." And let me tell you, in the Old Testament, whenever they would they would sin, men would go and they would do their confession and they would do all of the all their penences and whatever they do and they and they would do their sacrifices. There it is. That's the word. They would do their sacrifices and they would take that little lamb and they would take a rock or a knife or whatever and they would begin to jab at that lamb's throat and that blood would begin to squirt all over them and it was covering them all up. And what was it? Why? Because there had to be something die because sin had entered the picture and God would look at that and that would be a substitute for for what was to come one day when a perfect lamb would stand there. But they would stand there and that blood would get all over them and it would only cover sin. It would cover that sin and they would stand there. They would make that sacrifice and that the blood of that lamb would stand between them and a holy God. Amen. But that was only a type and a shadow of what was to come. And let me tell you, I hear another sound one day up called Gothther's Hill. I see a man. I hear an angry mob around him. And there was screaming, "Crucify, crucify, crucify." And let me tell you, I begin to see Brother Joel. I see in my in my mind's eye right now. I see a man standing there. He had been broken. He had been beaten for your a chastisement of your peace. It was upon him that moment. And let me tell you, he was a broken body. And he's not a broken body. But you understand, he was he was beaten to where he was unrecognizable. He was he was broken. And I can hear now. I'm just I'm just skipping right on because that clock right back there's not being very friendly to me. Amen. But we we understand that that that that as as they would leave that garden, brother say, I hear the the sound of that lamb skin smacking against Adam and Eve's leg. And now fast forward down the down through time and I hear an angry mob screaming out and there was a man standing there. It was the perfect spotless blood lamb of Jesus Christ. Why? Because there was a need for a savior in Word of Life Tabernacle in 2025. Amen. In June, on June the 8th, there was going to be a people that would have a need of a savior. And it no longer would it cover sin, but it would divorce sin. So now, he doesn't look at you and I. Amen. Amen. As old you and I, as I touched on just briefly this morning, he don't look on you as you look on you. But he don't even see you, brother Joel. But he looks to the sacrifice. He looks to himself. Hallelujah. But I hear that slap, that garment slapping against him and the weight of that cross dragging behind him and you look back behind him and there was the the cobblestone streets as it were in that day and you would hear clunk clunk clunk clunk of that sound of the foot of that cross dragging through the streets of that of of the streets of the city walking up toward a hill called Calvary. But I want to tell you something. In the garden of Gethsemane, Christ Jesus had already died out to himself. In that garden, whenever he was laying there and he was praying and this and his sweat turned to blood, there he was laying his own will down. And he was saying, "God, if it be your will, let this cup pass from me." Amen. But then he come around and he said, "Even though, Lord, not my will, God, but thine be done, Lord." Oh, what love that must have been. And as he walked up that hill, they were screaming and they was crying, "Crucify him! Kill him!" And you'd look and the foot of that cross was dragging out the bloody footprints of our savior. Oh my, what a savior we have, church. Have we gotten so cold until the story of the cross? It doesn't move us anymore. Let me tell you something, church. You're never going to get beyond the story of the cross. If it weren't for a God, if it weren't for God hanging in between heaven and earth and preaching the gap from time to eternity, you and I would be condemned to a devil's hell. But God, one day, Sister Carla, he hung between heaven and earth, and he joined the two together. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, what love that was. Oh my. I thank God for a savior. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Amen. But because Adam had lost the title deed, Adam had lost that. He had forfeited his right. Adam had forfeited the right to the title deed. And now in the hand, it went now into the hands of the original owner. I know I'm bouncing between the beginning and the ending there, but just follow me just for a moment, church. Amen. But Adam had lost. He said it now. He said in the breach between seven church ages and seven seals. He said he said now Adam forfeited the title deed and it now is in the hands of the original owner mighty almighty God. The title deed to the earth and to eternal life. When Adam forfeited it then Satan's dirty hands could not take it. Hallelujah. Satan's dirty hands could not take that title deed. That'd make, as brother Daryl says, the pope shout. Maybe even our new one. Come on. It said Satan dirty hands could not take it. So, it went back to its original owner, God himself. We're going to find it in just a minute. There he sits on the throne with his h with it in his hand. The title deed. Oh, that makes me feel religious. Friends, for those of you that thinks the prophet didn't get a little excited every now and again, you ain't listen to very many tapes. Come on. Come on, somebody. Those of you that think that the the prophet was a monk, he weren't. Come on. Come on, somebody. He weren't. I just grew up in the hunts of Missouri. I was homeschooled, too, and I didn't do a very good job with that. English wasn't my strong strong point. He weren't. Come on, somebody. Amen. Oh my. You'd think the prophet of God would do that and maybe more. I bet it'd surprise you. Come on. Let me just back to this now. Thank you, Jesus. He said the title deed. Oh, that makes me feel religious, friends. The title deed to eternal life. The abstract title deed to eternal life. When Adam forfeited it for wisdom instead of faith, it went back to the hands of the owner. Almighty God, what a great thing. What's it doing? It's in the hands of God, waiting for redemption's claim. Waiting for redemption's claim. He said he made a way of redemption. He made a way back. said, "Someday the redeemer is take is going to take it back." He said, he said, "It's going to take it back." He said, "Where we're getting to?" He said, "You see where we're getting to now?" He said, "Well, watch this fella sitting up on the throne." All right. Why waiting for redemption's claims? He said, "What is this book of book of redemption, this title deed?" He said, "This abstract deed." He said, "You say abstract." What does abstract mean? It means it searched all the way back to the beginning. Come on. That abstract, it searched all the way back to the beginning. Thank you, Lord. He said, "It's like that little drop of ink." How many remembers that little drop of ink? Let me tell you something, brother, sister. Whenever you drop down, drop your life into your sins into the drop of into that into the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. It's like that little drop of ink that drops down into that bleach, brother, sister. Whenever I drop that ink into that bleach, I want you to find that ink. Come on, somebody. No, you ain't going to find that ink. Why? Because it's no longer there. The bleach has overtaken that ink so much that the ink becomes the bleach. Hallelujah. Amen. You're not going to find it. Why? Because it went back all the way. Yes, sir. Come on, somebody. He said, "Let me just," He said, "It searches all the way back." He said, "That little drop of ink this morning." He said, "When it struck that bleach, it went all the way back." And when sin has here we are when sin has been confessed. Come on. See, there's where that where there's where our biggest trouble is. Right there is unconfessed sin. That's right. Come on. That gets a little heavy, don't it? A little touch and go. He said when that sin has been confessed and fallen into the blood of Jesus Christ, oh my, it gives an abstract right back to the creator again. Now see what is it? Now look, once something once that's been put under the blood and that that's been confessed and put under the blood, no longer does God see that. Come on. Now, you and I still see it and we still bear the scar of that thing. That's right. Come on, somebody. I still bear the scars of my past sins and so do you. Amen. But God, when he sees you and I, he sees the blood of the lamb. Why? Because you and I, let me tell you something, brother, sister. Amen. Just because you fall on your face sometime, that don't make you any less of a person. It just makes you a human being. Amen. But if you lay there and you stay on your face and you say that I'm going to lay right here, that's where the trouble's at. Don't lay right there and let the devil beat you to death with that. You say, "Devil, yeah, I failed. Yeah, you got on me that time, but devil, I confess it in the name of Jesus Christ. I say, God, forgive me." And I place it under the blood of Jesus. And now I'm walking on. No longer. Let me tell you something. The sins of my past do not define me. But it is the redeeming blood of Almighty God that whenever he went to Calvar's heel, he stood there and he cleansed me from all unrighteousness. Now he doesn't even look to me, but he looks to the He looks to himself. He doesn't see him or you. He sees the sacrifice. Thank you, Lord. So grateful for that. I'm going to keep driving that home just for a minute. Good. You spend too much time looking at yourself. Come on, somebody. I want you to understand something. As long as you're on this side of eternity, yes, there'll be mistakes. That's right. Even I I I make I make I make more than my share. Yeah. Come on, somebody. Anybody tells you they don't, they're lying to you. That's right. They already made a mistake cuz they got a lying devil on them. Come on. Hallelujah. There's one mistake. They're a liar. Come on. There ain't no halos in this room. That's right. We're all We were all born in sin, shaped iniquity, and came in the world speaking lies. Even me. Ain't that hard to believe? Well, thank you, brother Joel. Uh, let me find a spot here to bring her down. He said, "And when sin has been confessed and fallen in the blood of Jesus Christ, oh my, it gives you an abstract right back to the creator again and you become a son of God." An abstract title deed is held in the hand of the almighty God. Oh my. He says it's redemption means all legal possession to all that was lost by Adam and Eve. All that was lost by Adam and Eve. He said it means all legal possession by all that was lost by Adam and Eve. Oh my, what that ought to do to a born again Christian. He said it's legal possession to the abstract title deed of eternal life. It means that you possess everything that Adam and Eve lost. He didn't say you will possess everything that Adam and Eve lost. He said it means that you possess present tense. Thank you, Lord. All that Adam and Eve lost. Thank you, Lord. He said the possession of that deed. Thank you, Lord. Adam could not meet the requirements of redemption after he found he lost it. He had sinned and he had separated himself from God and was on this side of the chasm. So, he could not redeem it. That's right. He just couldn't do it. He needed redemption himself. So, he couldn't do it. Brother, sister, it took a kinsman to come. Yes. Thank you, Lord. It took a kinsman to come and he had to become one of us. But let me tell you, that one couldn't come the way that you and I came. Amen. That that first Adam, he came by the spoken word, but then sin entered the picture. There had to be one that would come by the spoken word. Amen. That that man and woman didn't know that that relationship they they would have. But he would come and he would create himself a a a sail in a in a Mary's womb. And he would come and he would be that perfect sacrifice standing there. He didn't come in sin. Come on, somebody. He was a He was a man that was acquainted with grief. He had heartache. He would He knew what it was like to have a headache and to sat with his hand over his over his head because he moaned in a headache. He was a man to know and what what it was like to be tested and tempted and tried. But he also when he overcame all of that, you also overcame with Christ Jesus. When the devil got him up there on that mountain that day and then he begin to tempt him and begin to try him. He said, "It is written." He always took him back to the word. What was he doing? He was showing you and I He could have used his his a miracle. He could have used Amen. and and and made that devil do whatever he wanted to do. But he didn't do that, brother, sister. He said, "It is written. It is written." And what was he doing? He was defeating the devil by the word. And you and I today, we've been called, amen, to defeat the devil the same way that Christ defeated him on that mountain that day. He said, "It is written." It is written. Hallelujah. But whenever Christ overcame, you overcame with Christ. Whenever Christ died, you died and you was buried with him and you rose with him. That's right. I told the church here while back, I said, "I've already been to hell. But when I went to hell, I went to take the keys of death, hell, and the grave." Come on, somebody. They Oh my. You should have felt them clam up on me, preaching along, just preaching hard, and all a sudden you make the statement, "I've already been to hell. But let me tell you something. I was with him. Amen. Amen. I When George Washington crossed the Delaware, I was there. Come on, somebody. When Christ put his foot on the boat of that boat and he said, "Peace be still." I was there. When Christ went down there and he took the keys of death, hell, and the grave, and he smacked Satan, that was me. Hallelujah. That was you. You was there. And when Christ rose on that third day, you were there. When redemption story was settled, you were there. The need. Now, don't let that trip you up. You were there. How many believes that tonight? Huh? What are you worried about? Amen. The need for a savior. Stand tonight. Amen. Don't you love him? What a privilege it's been here to be here with you this weekend and to share the the wonderful news of of Christ, our savior, with you. It's not our desire to do anything except exalt him and raise him high and my high and ra to raise him high among the people. He said if I'll be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me. Aren't you grateful for that this morning, this evening? Amen. Let's bow our heads tonight. Dear heavenly father, how we thank you Lord for your word tonight. I thank you Lord for these people dear God. Lord, the attentive spirit tonight, Lord, to your word. God, I know, Father, that it was simple, dear God, but Lord, I just happen to believe in simplicity, Lord. Prophet God would say it's God hiding himself in simplicity and revealing himself in the same. So, Lord, I thank you for that tonight. I thank you for for the for the for redempt for the for the redemptive work of Calvary. Lord, I thank you, Lord, for that. For truly, Lord, when I had had a need of a savior, there was one, Father, that stepped out and said, "I'll take his place." So Lord, I ask tonight, Father, that if there'd be one, Father, that would have a need tonight. May they not leave this place, Father, without placing it, Father, at your feet. We love you, Lord. We commit this church, Father. We commit these people, this pastor, Lord, into thy hands, Lord. Prosper them, Lord, in all that they do. Prosper him Lord in the re revelation of your [Music] word. Prosper them Lord physically Lord financially Lord spiritually all those things Lord bless them Lord we love you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. When he was on the cross, I was on his mind. Oh, he knew me yet he loved me. It was he whose glory makes all the heaven [Music] shine. Oh, I was so [Music] unworthy of such mercy. [Music] But when he was on the cross, oh, I was all Oh, can you sing it one more time with all your hearts now? Oh, for he knew me. [Music] Oh yet he loved me. It was he who glory makes all the heaven shine. Well I was so unworthy. [Music] Oh, of such [Music] mercy. For when he was on the cross, oh, I was on his mind. Oh, amazing grace. [Music] shall be my song of praise. For it was grace that walked by liberty. Oh, I do not know just why he came to love me so. But aren't you glad he did? Oh, he looked beyond all all my faults and he saw my needs. with all your hearts. Now let it ring out to him. I shall forever lift mine eyes to Calary. [Music] to you. That old cross where Jesus died for [Music] me. Oh, how far the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond all my faults and he saw. Let's sing that second verse now. Can we worship him for a moment? It was God's grace that brought me out of darkness. it to the light where I can clearly see. [Music] Will I shout it from the mountains and the valleyies that he looked? Oh, that ought to make somebody in here happy tonight. Aren't you glad he did it for you? Oh, yes. He saw your need. Oh, with all your hearts. Now, let me hear you singing. Oh, I shall forever lift mine eyes to Calary. [Music] to you. That old cross where Jesus died for me had he died for you. How far the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond all my faults and he saw my need and sometimes hallelujah. [Music] Oh, sometimes praise the Lord and sometimes gently singing our hearts in one accord. Oh, sometimes. Hallelujah. Oh, sometimes praise the Lord. Sometimes gently sing our hearts in one. Let's play that for a second. And did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise if you would. And I I forgot this morning to read a card that brother Danny had gi to the church and I want to apologize for brother Danny for for that. I'll hang it on the bulletin as well, but it's from the the Brewer and the Ward family. The passing of brother Danny's sister says with many with many thanks to you for your kindness for your calls, texts, cards, and flowers. God bless the Ward and Brewer family. We just continue to remember them in prayer. Amen. We sure love them and and uh just keep them in prayer through this time of grieving. Amen. Aren't you glad for what the Lord has done for us today? Amen. I believe we ought to just go out of this place with our spirits lifted and encouraged. Amen. To keep pressing the battle. Can we do that? Amen. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Key of G. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Oh, I'm on the battlefield. Oh, yes I am. Well, I promised him that I would serve him till I die. And I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Sing it again now. Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Oh, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised. Oh, I'm on the battlefield. Sing it one more time. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. For my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I would serve him. Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield. Amen. You're free to go. God bless you. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving? That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Well, ain't God to give us so many blessings undeserved.
