################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Joy in His Presence - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   Joy in His Presence
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXNwZn384w0
========================================

[Music] by the power of your love. Sing that chorus again. Holy Ghost, hold [Music] me close. Let your love surround [Music] me. Bring me near. You bring me near. Draw me to your side. Lord and as I wait I will rise up like the eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of Can we lift our hands and sing that to him again? Holy Ghost, hold me close. Let your love surround [Music] me. Bring me near. You bring me near. Draw me to your side, [Music] Lord. And as I wait, I will rise up like the eagle [Music] and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. [Music] Amen. KFC. Holy Spirit fall on this place. Father fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit fall on this place. Oh, Holy Spirit, fall on this place. Father, fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face, oh Holy Spirit. And why don't you turn around and greet your neighbor in the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh holy spirit fall once again with all our hearts. Oh holy spirit fall on this place. Father fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit, fall on this place. Amen. Welcome everybody out this morning. Just enter in and worship with us. Amen. Let's sing that song. I'm free. Key of G. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free, no longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. If you've been set free, why don't you lift your hand and sing it to him? Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. no longer bound. There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. That sounds good. Let's sing it again. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. [Music] There's no chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. You glad to be free this morning. Amen. We'll speed it up just a little bit. Get everybody moving. Oh, the blood of Jesus. And then we'll go into there's power in the blood. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. And oh the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh the blood of Jesus. Oh the blood of Jesus. It washes white. There is power. Yes there is power. Power. Wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. First verse. And wouldn't you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you reel a victory when there's wonderful power in you believe that this morning? There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yet there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious. And would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Come for a cleansing to Calary's time. There's wonderful power in the blood. Yes, there is power. Oh, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, [Music] wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. And would you be wider, much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power. Let me hear you sing it this morning. Yes, there. [Music] Yes, there is [Music] in the preious blood. Last verse. Then would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you live daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. Yes, there is power. Power, wonder, working power. Oh, in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power. The preious blood of the lamb. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise. Can you believe there's power in the blood? Amen. Let's sing this song. for it reaches. Amen. Just before the ushers come, let's just worship him this morning. For it reaches to the highest mountain [Music] and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose it power. First verse. The blood that Jesus shed for me [Music] way back on Calary. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose his power with all our hearts. for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose. Once again, as the ushers come, for it reaches. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain [Music] and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength from day Today it will never lose its power. Amen. You thankful for the blood this morning. Amen. We don't have any written request. Forgive me. We do. Says please pray for our longtime employee and friend. um he's having heart surgery July 2nd and the doctor's saying it doesn't look good. That's from Bill and Sister Sharon. So just be praying for that individual there. Amen. Going for surgery July 2nd. So just be praying for them. Remember that that day. Remember Pepa JP, he's back home uh with dad, but um he's still got another surgery. Um looking maybe later this coming week, so just be praying for him. Remember all those out traveling. Amen. If you have an unspoken request, if you just want to make it known by the uplifting of your hand, let's ask our brother Caleb to take these needs for us. Father God, we thank you, Lord, for the day you give us that we can gather and worship you, Lord. We just ask you would come down and meet the many needs of the people, Lord. The the written and the unspoken. Father, we just ask you to minister to our hearts, Father, and change our lives. Lord, we love you and we praise you. We ask you bless the tithes and offerings for your kingdom in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated as the ushers come by. Let's sing that chorus again. It's power. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain [Music] and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, it's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it power. Amen. Keep singing. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the other. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship. As we lift your holy name, for you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. Lord, there's no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. Amen. Man, we certainly serve a a great God. Amen. I'll sing a song. I love that man in the middle, KFC. We don't have any special requests this morning. Do you want to take time? It's Maddiey's birthday. I don't know where she's at. I thought I seen her video. Oh, there she is. Sorry. Let's give her a hand clap. So, happy birthday to Maddie. We'll sing a song if we can. Oh, I love that man in the middle. Because I know he first love me. [Music] We're singing praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. The middleman made it possible that I could. Can we lift our hands and sing it to him again? Oh, I love that man in the middle. [Music] Because I know he first loved me. [Music] We're singing praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. The middleman made it possible that I could once again with all our hearts. Oh, I love that man in the middle. Oh, because I know he first loved me. [Music] Singing praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. The middleman made it possible that I could go free. [Music] Amen. You thankful for that. This is one of my favorite songs. Let's sing that song. I pledge allegiance to the lamb KV. [Music] Y'all are singing good this morning. Just continue worshiping. We'll start with the first verse there. I have heard how Christians long ago they were brought before the tyant throne. They were told that he would spare their lives if they would renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die. The son of God, they would not deny like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voicees ring. I pledge alce to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will sing to his command. I pledge allegiance to [Music] the lamb. Now the years have come and the years have gone, but the cause of Jesus still goes on. Now our time has come to count the cost to reject this world to embrace the cross. So one by one let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life till the trumpet sounds on that final day. Let us proudly stand and boldly say our lead us to the land with all my strength with all I am. I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alance. Can we lift our hands? We sing that chorus again. The lamb. Oh, I pledge alance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will sing to honor his command. I pledge alence to the lamb. Can we give the Lord a hand? and you love the lamb this morning. And we'll go ahead and change the order of the service over and invite our pastor to come. And let's sing that song if we could. KF the more that I surrender. If you want to go ahead and stand as we invite our pastor to come this morning. Amen. Just pull on the gift of God. We know that he's able to meet our needs this morning. Amen. We just got to surrender completely to him. The more the more that I surrender, the lighter my love. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. Oh, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music] Oh, it's the more that I surrender, the lighter my love. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. Oh, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love you more with all our hearts. Oh, it's the more that I surrender, the lighter my love, [Music] the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. Oh, sing it now. Oh, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Oh, every day I live. Oh Lord, I love you more. Let's bow our heads together for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful to be in your house this morning, Lord. To surrender ourselves to your will and to your way. To hear, Lord, the word of God that we might become that word, Lord. We don't want to just hear it and be forgetful hearers of the word, but to be doers of the word today. To put that into action in our lives, Lord, in our everyday life, Lord, though it may be simple, Lord, but it's a display of the manifestation of the word. I pray you'd help us to do that, Lord. I pray you'd help us this morning. Lord, I I realize every time I come to preach, I stand between the living and the dead. Lord, I realize that Lord, there may be someone with a need here this morning and and only you can meet that need that. So, I move Lord myself out of the way. Help me, Lord, to surrender myself so that you can speak to the people. We pray. I pray that you'd move. I pray you'd move for our young people, our elders. Lord, heal the sick. Pray you'd touch them now. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. We're going to read from Zephaniah chapter 3. Zephaniah chapter 3 and verse 14. We uh Sister Fritz, are you feeling better? God bless you. She wasn't feeling well when she got here, but believing the Lord's going to strengthen her this morning. Uh Brother Herold's got to leave after church, and I don't want to embarrass you, Brother Herald, but he's going to get an award. Uh he told me this is the second time he's won this. and uh he he takes care of the buses I think in Walnut Ridge is where you work at their school district. And he won the award for the best uh mechanic maintenance man in Arkansas of all the school district. That's a good thing, isn't it? Keeping your children safe. So, thank you, brother Herald, for doing that. I I thought I'd just embarrass him a little bit this morning. So, but we uh we sure appreciate, you know, that's part of us manifesting the word in our communities and being a light is doing those things. And so he's got to leave after service this morning and go get that award. So pray the Lord would help him on the road and traveling. Amen. Zephaniah chapter 3 and verse14. I want to speak to you this morning on joy in his presence. Good to have each of you with us. Sister Rebecca and the kids back with us this morning. God bless you. Thank you for being here. And and uh the duckwor back with us this morning. God bless you all. And if I'm missing somebody, I I we just we just assume you're going to be here. So I appreciate you being here. all of our regulars and and it's been so good to see Jaden and Isabella with us the last few weeks and sitting there in the back. We I just pray the Lord really does a mighty work in y'all's lives and helps you and I know that he has and pray you continue to do that. Zephaniah chapter 3 and verse 14 says, "Sing, oh daughter of Zion, shout, O Israel, be glad and rejoice with all the heart, oh daughter of Jerusalem. The Lord hath taken away thy judgments. You know that they had something to sing about. He hath cast out thine enemy. The king of Israel, even the Lord, is in the midst of thee. Thou shalt not see evil anymore. In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, "Fear thou not." And to Zion, "Let not thine hands be slack. The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty. He will save. He will rejoice over thee with joy. He will rest in his love. He will joy over thee with singing. Pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated. As you can probably already tell, I want to continue to talk to you about kind of in the same vein as we started last Sunday morning. Want to talk about joy in his presence? I want to ask you a question this morning. Are we allowed to be happy in church? Boy, that some of y'all are wondering, well, you know, is this a trick question? I think we could all say yes to that this morning. Are we allowed to be happy in the house of God? I believe we are. and and and and and yet we know knowing what we know and knowing the time and and and how late it is and knowing that we're at the end time and things are are moving so fast and even over the last 24 hours they've started dropping bombs in uh in uh Iran and this nation involved in another war and and we just seems like there's no end to it and and yet the scripture tells us in Matthew 24 there'll be wars and rumors of war and and he said, "Yet the end is not yet." But then he goes on, he says, "But when these things begin to come to pass, right?" He said, "Look up. Lift up your heads for your redemption cometh now." He's not talking about physically looking up, although we could do that, but that's what it's it's a posture of our faith. He's talking about, he says, I want you during this time to be in a position of expectation, to be in a position of of looking forward to something good that's coming, not to look forward to the bad, but to recognize the coming of the king. And yet there seems to be among us who believe the message of the hour almost an unwritten rule. I'm not criticizing you this morning because I criticizing myself because I'm a part of the message. I I I don't like it when people talk bad about message people. Yet, it seems to be an unwritten rule that we must be miserable to be in the message. And and I just don't believe that's true. I I I think that joy is one of the fruits of the spirit. And so, if there's no joy at all, there's no spirit at all. And and and we know that where there is revival, there is joy. Where there is revival, there is joy. And and and I know people would tell you, "Well, the revival's over." And and it's taken from a quote that I've read to you before, but I just wanted to approach it this morning and then move on. But uh but Brother Brandham talks about the revival being over. He said, "The revival is over across the nation. There ain't going to be no more revivals, big sweeping revivals. This nation never receive it." So I want you to notice how he's talking about it. The nation will never receive it. And and listen, you don't cancel quotes with quotes. You don't cancel scripture with scripture. One scripture is true, the other scripture is true. And and what it is, if you think one cancels the other, it's your understanding that needs to be adjusted, not not the quote. And so he said, "This nation will never receive it, you might have an intellectual gathering." He said, "But I mean a spiritual rev revival. We've seen all of it." And he says, "I hope you're catching it. I'm saying it in such a way. I hope you get it. He said, "It's over." He said, "A fine minister said a while ago said, Brother Brandham, if I could just have the joy of the Lord in my heart." And I said, "Son, the revival is over." Now, and I know people read that and they stopped there many times, but and people read that as a negative, but this is not a negative quote. Brother Brandham turns it into a positive and he says this. He said, "Now the stabilizers has been put on the ship." He said, "Great fearful waves are out here before us." I believe that a prophet of God knew what was coming and and he could see into that realm. He could see that there was things going to be coming on the earth and we could see it even in the book of Revelation. Now we see it all around us and and we see those great fearful waves have come in. We've seen the morality of the nation, how it's went downhill and until men are marrying men and getting a license for it. the insanity that women marrying women getting a license for it and how the world's gone insane and even in our even in our nation on the internet and all different places and just insanity everywhere and and we see that uh we see the the great fearful waves of of the war and and rumors of war and all the things that are happening and the attack on Israel and all the things that have happened just in the last little bit the the American pope that went in uh into Rome and and and crying peace peace and yet there's war everywhere. where you see how things have begin to stack up here at the end time. He said great fearful waves are coming are out here before us. He said but we know what do we know this morning just beyond that wave yonder we're nearing the shore. So there's still waves. We're seeing waves come but remember the waves are always greatest seem to be greatest close to the shore. Just beyond that wave we're nearing the shore. So, we got to crest this wave and when we come across it, there's a there's shores on the other side. He said, "We're nearing the shore. Just stay stable. Just stay in the word. Stay with God. No matter how you feel." So, he's telling this young preacher, he said, "Don't base what you believe on what you feel." Right? Just because you don't feel joy or you don't feel revival, don't base your what you believe on that. He said, "Stay right with the word. Let it stay stable." He said, "When you see all these great big old clouds around us and storms coming and atomic bombs and everything else they're talking about, but our stabilizer is right straight in the word." Oh, come on, church. Can't we apply that even to our own families? Even in a church, even everything that we approach when we see great fearful waves out in front of us, when you see a problem in your family that you don't know how you're going to deal with it and you don't know what the future holds, it's a great wave, but you already know he holds your future. You already know it's already been promised. You're going to make it to the other side. Like the disciples crossing the sea, he was still in the boat. He was still there with them. And they thought, "Oh, we'll never make it." But they forgot his promise. He said, "We're going to the other side." And he's told you and I the same thing this morning. We're going to the other side. He said, "We'll go right over the top of them." He said, "Our stabilizers right straight in the word. We'll go right over the top of them. They can't sink us." Come on, church. They can't drown us. This that next quote, they can't drown us. They You put us in the grave, we'll come out again. That's just all there is to it. He said there ain't no way in the world to keep it down there. We'll crest every one of them cuz our great chief captain is calling at the other side. I don't know how you turn that negative. That's a powerful. I don't know how you turn that negative. The bride is is in revival. You have to acknowledge that. Brother Brandon said the move is on for the bride. Where there is revival, there is joy. Right? And it's a fruit of the spirit. The the presence of the Holy Spirit brings joy. So where there is revival, there is joy. So there must be joy. And yet it won't be a joy that'll be caused by an outward sweeping revival because we know that's over. You won't be able to be, you know, I know people are happy or sad depending on the results of an election, but you can't find your joy there because you might win and you might lose. Come on, church. Some of you know what I'm talking about. Some of you Arkansas fans know about that this week, right? You're acquainted with the negative. Like you know that you could lose. Oh, we don't ever watch that. Okay. I heard some shouting on the parking lot the other night. But you know, you don't know. It could be It looks like they're they're surely going to win and they still lose. But we got a promise. We're going to win. Are you hearing me, church? I know you say, "Well, brother Ben, you're just looking out with rosecolored glasses. How could I maintain my sanity if I didn't, brother said, if I didn't believe in predestination, I'd be a discouraged man. If I didn't believe in that God's got it in control, I'd be pretty discouraged this morning. If I didn't believe that he's got everything in control, we we we might as well just shut the doors and go home. But if he's got it all in control, we can keep on planting our potatoes, doing what we're doing, tilling the ground, reaching out to folks around us. What are we doing? We're doing it because we believe in the end he's going to work it all out. It's going to be a miracle, but it's going to be in our favor. We're not going to lose in the ninth inning. Come on, church. We not going to lose at the last moment of time, but we're going to win. That's not a pep talk. That's reality. And if we don't have a revelation of that, we get in trouble. The bride is in revival, but it's a revival of stability. anchored to the word. So when the wind's blowing and the winds are contrary, whatever happens, we can still maintain our joy. What What should our reaction be to the fearful sights that we see? Count it all joy. When you see these things, he said, "Look up. Lift up your heads." See, but brother Ben, he said, Brother Brandham said that the joy, the revival was over. Well, let you say, "How can I have joy?" Well, let me read another quote to you. You he said, 'Brother Brandham, I wish I had joy. He said, 'You can have it. Right. You can have it. Now, now he's going to set a principle here that's important. You're just letting Satan rob you from the privileges that Christ died for. So, you said, "Well, there's no joy. The revival's over." Our people are waiting on some revival to happen in the future. Brother Brandham said they were doing that too in his time. He said they missed the awakening of the bride. They missed it. It's already here, church. Everything we need to go home is already right here. It's already in our possession. It's ours. But he said the reason he said you're letting Satan rob you from the privileges that Christ died for. I'm an heir to it. It's all mine. So when the book was open, when the when restoration come by a prophet, he restored all that was lost. He restored the tree back to its original condition. He did not restore the tree back to its original condition except for joy. Except for peace, except for healing. Right? Come on, church. I'm preaching on joy. I guess we needed it this morning. Now look, you he didn't restore it back except with an exception for well when we get down to the very end, you know, it's just going to be a few of us. That may be true. We're not large in number, but I'm not going to sit down and and moan about it, groan about it. Why would we do that? What's the point of that? What's the purpose of it? We might as well lift up our heads and look up and say, "Our redemption draws nigh." Amen. Cuz we know, listen, you say, "Well, things happen in the church, things happen around us, and and things happen in our families, but those things are not going to destroy us. How could they destroy us? We were appointed by God. If we believe that God put this church here, and there's a reason that he allowed it to be here and he started, there ain't nothing can destroy it. It can't take us as long as we have a purpose that Satan can't do nothing to us that would destroy us." I think we've seen that. I I think we've seen the evidence of that that if God meant for there to be a church in Hardy, Arkansas in this in this spot, then then he there must be a people to come to that church. There must be people that'll be there. And if that's the truth, I don't care what happens. I'm going to keep preaching as long as there's somebody here that say, "Amen. We're going to keep preaching. We're going to keep working. We're going to keep doing what God's called us to do." And guess what? It's all in his hands anyway. But brother Brandham ties this to our privileges from Christ. So he's not saying you have joy because of something that comes through, because of a good service, because of a certain ministry, because of something like that. But he said it's your privilege, right? It's a it's your inheritance to have it. I'm an heir to it. He said it's all mine. That's part of what's mine. Listen, when when when we get to the place where we have to ignore certain quotes or scriptures that don't fit our agenda, we need to come back to the word, right? We we we don't need to there's not a quote in the message that scares me. There's not a scripture in the Bible that scares me. I believe we should preach the full word of God. And so, what attitude should we take when things are difficult? And I realize it's a stressful time to be alive, especially if you watch the news. But but what attitude should we take? The King is coming. The King is coming. It's time to rejoice. But the Reverend says this in 1965. He said, "Our hearts are so full of joy as we see the time appro." Well, I thought you couldn't have no joy. He said, "Our hearts are full of joy as we see the time approaching when we're going to meet him face to face." Does it mean anything to you, church? Has it become such a symbol and so far out there that we think of Christ as some even just a dead letter or is he a person to you? Is it is he a reality to you? Are you looking forward one day to seeing him face to face? Brother said there is a heaven and there is a literal Jesus Christ who will come in a body form and he'll catch away his bride. He said that's what believers believe. I'm not looking for another sweeping revival. I'm not looking for something but the king is coming so I can be happy because I know he's on his way. He said, "I've heard the It may be hard here. It may be difficult in on this earth. We may be going through a difficult time. You might struggle with depression. You might struggle with fear. You might struggle with those things. But the king is coming." Don't ever forget that, church. Remember, you're looking forward to seeing his face. Does it mean something to you that you're actually, brother JT, going to see him? I believe it does. Hallelujah. The one that we've loved and lived for all these years. It's harder to convince young people of that. And yet young people are more tender. But as we get older, I think we do get a more a greater idea that we want to see him because he can fix everything right where he is. We know everything is okay. We're going to get into that in a moment. We know his kingdom is joy. So if he's coming as king, he's not coming this time to die, right? There's a song that they used to sing this time one more time forever. He's taking his throne as a king. This time he's not coming to be beaten. Yes, sir. Right. We're we're going to go in a rapture. We're going to be at the wedding supper for three and a half years. And he's coming as a king. Amen. He's not coming to be beaten. He's not coming He's not coming to be crucified. He's not coming to be rejected and spit on. But he's coming as a king. And his kingdom is joy. Listen, brother uh Paul says this, "For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink." And he's talking to the Jews who made it just rules and regulation. He said, "That's not what the kingdom of God is." He said if the kingdom of God is here, he said the kingdom of God is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. When he come the first time, we know that they rejoiced. It's okay to be happy when you see evidence of his coming. In Matthew chapter 2 and verse 10, it says, "When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy." That language is interesting. That next slide I've got the the the commentary on it. He said when they saw the star they rejoiced. The language is very strong expressing exuberant transport. It's the only place in the Bible where it's really put together like that. They rejoice with exceeding great joy. Exceeding great joy. Why? They saw a sign. Right now remember they saw it. They followed it all the way across the deserts and everything from the east. And they get there to Jerusalem. And when they do, they they finally reach that place and and they get inside the walls, they lose sight of the star, right? Let's have a little Christmas in June this morning. It was Christmas time and they they saw the star and they went to find it. Took them two years to get there. Remember the journey? Because he was a young child when they found him. But now the star had went before him all of this time. And when it went before him, it it come towards Israel. And they come into the city of Jerusalem expecting to find him there. But they did not find him in those walls. In fact, they couldn't see the star while they were within the walls. But brother Brandham teaches us, he said, he said, "Come take the Bible." He said, "Like the Magi did, and read it." Yeah. I believe we still ought to read the scripture this morning. I believe we'd have more joy in our life if we'd read the Bible. Uh because the Bible doesn't tell us how how depressed we are and how down we are and how rotten we are. That's the devil telling you that. But the Bible tells you that he Jesus come to save you. The Bible tells you he loved you so much that he he sent his only begotten son of the world. The Bible tells you that he heals all your diseases. I think if you read the Bible, things begin to change. The language is is is so strong and and positive in the scripture. He he he says if you read the scriptures, he said see if the scriptures compares with what's being done. He said then if it is you've got a right. Look at your neighbor and say I've got a right. If you don't have a neighbor look across the room and say I got a right. I got a right this morning. Amen. He said I got You got a right to rejoice with exceeding great joy. Amen. Right. Again, he said, "When they seen this light, was they ever happy." The Bible said they rejoiced with exceeding great joy. He said, "Oh, I imagine they shouted a little bit." Don't you imagine? I'm not trying to work you up this morning. I told somebody, I said, "If I preach I don't I wouldn't have to preach against emotion for 50 years around here, we still wouldn't be too emotional. People don't understand, you know, sometimes they watch the meetings and stuff and them people that running usually aren't are running usually aren't locals. You know, I know you enjoy the presence of the Lord. I I don't need everybody to shouting to run. I'll tell you this, I I enjoy the presence of God. If we ever get to a place where we don't enjoy it, we need to go back to the beginning again. We need to find out what that what what it was like when we got saved, what it was like to come to the house of God. what it was like when we first heard the message of the hour and we re recognized that we needed to be saved and then we were saved. Our sins were forgiven. We need to remember what that was like. Go back to the first fruits. Find out what joy we had at the beginning. That same joy still exists today. Hallelujah. He said they rejoiced with exceeding great joy that he said they shout a little bit. Don't you imagine so? He says so when they'd seen that old organization so long back there. Oh my. He said, "Trying to find something." He said, "Wasn't nothing there." Now, some of you know what this feels like. You're trying to find something. Going from church to church, place to place, trying to find something. I've been there. I know what it's like. I know what it's like to be dragged from pillar to post. I know what it's like to go from place to place. I know what it's like to hear all kinds of different things and all kinds of different theories, even within the message. But one day, I found him. Where did I find him? I didn't find him in what somebody told me. I didn't find him in a creed or a dogma. I found him in the word. And I found he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I found he'd never leave me. And he'd heal the sick and cleanse the leper. And he's still the same God today. Have you found him, church? If you found him, you can rejoice with exceeding great joy. Amen. Hallelujah. He said when he said he said there wasn't nothing in that organization when they got outside the gate. Listen many of you you wandered inside the walls of depression and alcohol and and drugs and everything else and you found out there was no joy in it. There was no joy in in the sexual things. There was no joy in drugs or alcohol. Listen young people, there's no joy in any of that. But there's joy in the house of the Lord if you can get out from behind them walls. Huh? Glory. He said they got so happy when that star of glory, they seen that Holy Ghost light shining yonder, that star of glory pulling down upon them, they got so happy, they had exceeding great joy. Or what does the person do when they get so overjoyed? You say, "Well, brother Ben, I'm happy. I am happy." Well, when you say that, you know, you hear people sing and they're singing joy unspeakable. Well, I can't even frown right now. But they sit there, you know, and just they're frowning the whole time. You say, "Run them lyrics through your brain." You know, joy. You know where I got that, don't you? Joy unspeakable and full of glory, right? That that means something. When you're when when you're when you're when we sing, when we're in church, like we we ought to be able to to actually have joy in our hearts. And I'm not again, I'm not condemning you. I realize the world we live in is tough, but but I wonder, you say, "Well, what does a person do?" Well, maybe they just sit there and and don't do anything. Well, not many of us. There are some who are very quiet and can be just overjoyed and be quiet. And that's okay. We're all different. God made us the way we are for a reason. Amen. But most people react. You know how I know that? Because watch them at a ball game. What does the person do? I'm sorry, brother Stewart. What does the person do when they get Brother Stewart's preaching tonight, so he can correct me when they get so overjoyed? What do you do at the ball game when they get overjoyed? I don't know brother Stewart does this at the ball game, but Mr. Allison does. It's different when your kids are playing, isn't it? Right. If your kid's the one that hits a home run, that means more than Mark Magguire, whoever it is that's playing now. That's back from my time. They get overjoyed. He said, "Oh, you holler." And I went and listened to this because I wanted to hear how he said it. He said it just like they have it out here. Harrah, harrah. Bimity bam. I have never hollered that or heard anybody holler that. But maybe that was a thing back in the day. Some of you elders could tell me after church. He said, "You hollered harrah. Harrah." Demity bam. He hit a home run. Haha. Ho ho. You kids ever did that? Oh, come on, brother Wyatt. I Brother Wyatt doesn't show a lot of expression, but I know when that when that home run is hit, man, he likes to see it. If it's his team, he just manages to make all his teams not his dad's teams. You know, he just kind of There's a reason for that, isn't there? Yeah, Jason's explaining it to me right in church. Where's Joel when I need him? But but you you get excited, right? Means something. I'll be honest with you. I I I like baseball and I I remember when my team won the World Series and I was listening to it after church on the parking lot, you know, bunch of saints here, isn't it? You know, I'm always in church. So I' every time there's something good happens, I'm in church. You know, don't get to hear it. Back in the day, we just had to listen to the radio. Now they got internet clips and things, but we listen to the radio and you turn that on. That game's still going on. You know, well, they must be something good. As soon as you hear the score and that the the score, that completely controls your mood, doesn't it? Soon as you hear the score, what do you do if it's if they're down 10 runs or a touchdown, whatever? You turn it off. And if they're up, you turn it up. Why? I'm not here to talk about ball games this morning, but what he brother said, you want to know what does a person do when they have joy? He said, what do you do at a ball game? Right. You you get excited if if I wonder sometimes if we really believe our team is winning. Do we really believe that's that gets the down to the really the brass text right there. Do we really believe that the king is coming? Do we really believe he's going to turn things around? Do we really believe he's got everything in control? I've told you, you either believe that all things work together for your good or you don't. You either believe that you're a child of God and that he's going to take care of you and he's sovereign in his dealings with you and everything's going to be for your good or you don't. You either believe like Jonah as we talked about Wednesday night in the belly of the whale and he's in the he's in the very in the bottom of the ocean complete darkness and he says I'm going to pay my vow and rejoice to God cuz I know he's going to get me out of this trouble if you know that if you got a revelation of it and you can rejoice even when things are going bad. What do you do at the ball game? He said when you get the exceeding great joy and holler glory hallelujah praise the Lord. He said that's right exceeding great joy. There's the star lead us. He said, "Oh, take us away from these organizations. Lead us to that perfect light." G. Hallelujah. He said, "All through those great denominational streets, they went back and forth crying, where is he, sir?" I remember what that was like. Amen. Where is he? He's born king of the Jews. We long to see him. But they couldn't find any consolation. Neither could anyone tell them. But as soon as something inspired them to go out the east side of the gate or the west side rather towards Bethlehem, the star lit up the road. St. Matthew 10:10 said, "And they rejoiced with exceeding great joy." I got a hook here. I've been preaching here how many years. They they rejoiced with exceeding great joy. They were going, he said they were going down Hallelujah Avenue. They were going up to signs and Wonder Street and they could not rejoice. But when the star appeared, the light came back. Oh, come on, church. We've seen the light in our arrow. We're not waiting to see it. I understand you people being dead and depressed and everything else if they believe they have to wait on something else to happen to be happy, something else to happen to have the fullness of the word. But I'm not waiting on the fullness of the word. I receive the fullness of the word with the message of the hour so I can be happy. Amen. Hallelujah. He said as soon as something inspired him to go on the east side of the gate, west side rather towards Bethlehem, the star lit up the road. And St. Matthew 10 said they rejoiced with exceeding great joy. He said they were going down Hallelujah Avenue. They were going up Signs and Wonder Street and they could not rejoice. Pentecost wasn't enough. The Baptist church wasn't enough. Drugs and alcohol and all of that wasn't enough. They could not rejoice. But when the star appeared, the light come back. Then they were hallelujah. And they were rejoicing with exceeding. He said exceeding is abundance. A whole lots of it. Thank you Lord. Great joy. I will say we got a little joy. But I wonder if we really caught a revelation good of what happened in our day and what's happening continuing to happen in our day if we could have exceeding abundance a whole lot of great joy. He said there was a star when Christ reveals himself to you as the resurrected son of God. There's an exceeding abundance of great joy in your heart. Thank you, Lord. You found a treasure. You found a pearl that you'll sell everything you've got to possess it. It's true. Listen, you don't have to talk somebody who's found that into buying the field. You don't have to talk them into going to church. You don't have to talk them into living right. They found the pearl a great price and they're willing to sell everything they've got. Isn't that what he did when he found you? Turn it around. That's what he did when he found you. He He gave everything he had. He gave all that he was for you. And when we find him, we give all that we are to him. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, I want to ask you this morning, if what you found made you miserable, I wonder what you found. That's good. That's good. Well, I found it. But but if it made you miserable, there's no one more miserable than a halfway Christian. Amen. Someone living on the borderline. can't decide if they really want to be a Christian or not. Just waiting on the pastor to say something they don't agree with so they can leave. Huh? Just waiting on the other shoe to drop something to find out something about the prophet. Say, "Well, well, maybe it's this historical fact or this or that and we'll find it on this website and then we'll leave." Nothing more miserable than that. See, if what you found makes you miserable, you haven't found him. All right. But when they entered into Jerusalem, the star disappeared. That's the problem. People followed the light to a certain place and then they went into a walled city. Right? He said, "As long as you look for creeds and denominational man to lead you to God," he said, "the help of God will leave you." All right. But when they got sick and tired of it and left the creeds and denominations of those Jews and went out of Jerusalem, then the star appeared again and they rejoiced with exceeding great joy. They saw the guide again. He said, "Oh, how it is. Get on some old cold formal church and get back to a good one on fire. See the guide leading. What a difference it is." Right? So you go into that walled city and you can't have any joy because they've obscured the light. The light won't shine within those denominational walls. That's why we can't add a thing to the message and we can't take anything away. Right? No matter how depressed I get or sad I get or sorry I get as when I get to the pulpit and I read the word of God, how can I be depressed about that? Right? If I add my emotion, the way my my life feels right now to the word and present that to you, it builds a walled city, a complex, right? And and it builds that in your mind. If if we if we do that in our lives, if we take the word, but we're adding to it our feelings, our emotions, and and what and our ideas and say, "Well, I believe this about the word. I believe that about the word." We don't add nothing to the word. We just take the word for what it is. We don't want to build a walled city that keeps the light out. We want to be a a free people that are able to see where he's leading us. Yes, sir. He said, "What a difference it is." He said, "When he come into Jerusalem on Palm Sunday, they rejoice." So when the Pharisees criticized them, remember, and they said, "You need to keep them quiet." A bunch of bunch of Pentecostals shouting and worshiping. And Jesus said, "If they stop, the rocks will cry out." Scriptures being fulfilled. this day, this scripture is fulfilled. You said, "Well, I shouted when I got saved. I worshiped when I felt the presence of God and my my the tears run down my face, but but right now I just don't feel it." But listen, he's just as worthy today as he was then. And as we spoke about Wednesday night and last Sunday morning, we're spiritual priests offering a spiritual sacrifice to God. And so it's it's going to be hard sometimes, but we do it anyhow cuz he's still Jehovah. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the truth is, you've let that emotion that you feel wall you up. That's right. Until you can't worship God no more. Right. But if you get outside that wall, right? And so many times what we do, you open up a little bit of inside knowledge to you. What we doing in the song service is we're trying to get you outside the wall. See, you built a wall of thoughts. You built a wall of hurts. You built a wall and it's thoughts that don't align with the word. That's right. Right. And you built that complex and you built it like this. And so you you got it all around you and if you were outside, you'd see the light and worship. Right. But the fact that you you got this wall around you, you can't see it. You can't worship. I'm not saying you have to run and jump and shout. I'm saying something that affects your heart, something with all your heart that you just worship God. Some people cry. Some people just stand there and worship. But but but there's something you're going to do something to acknowledge his presence, right? But but but here he said when when he come the rocks will cry out. So if you recognize the light and you recognize that you were going to find him or that you had found him, you would worship. Listen, when he was resurrected, there was joy. A and now I'm going to go through something here because it's important. Joy is not the Holy Ghost. Joy is an effect of the Holy Ghost. So when you lose joy, you don't lose the Holy Ghost. Even David with what he did, brother Brandon said he did not lose his salvation. He lost the joy of it. So when he prayed, he said, "Restore unto me the joy of my salvation." And I'm not preaching that say, "Well, if people start believing that, they'll they'll do whatever they want to do." Absolutely. I don't want you doing anything you don't want to do. I want you to want to go to church. I want you to want to serve God, to want to. How you going to want to? I can't put that in you. That takes the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But but but you you don't have to listen. You don't have to work your way into that. That that's there. Once he's there, he can't you can't ever be unsealed. Right. Once you're sealed, you're sealed to your destination. Well, somebody ought to shout about that. Because we've had a lot of bumpy rides. We've had a lot of moments when we felt like everything was shaken. But the inside is still okay. If it was ever okay, if he ever accepted us, he'll never lose us. So, but when he was resurrected, there was joy. And this was before they received the Holy Ghost. But they had joy. Luke 24:52, they worshiped him and returned to Jerusalem with great joy. They did not yet have the Holy Ghost, but they had joy because they knew scripture was was had been fulfilled and he had promised to come to them. He was coming. Amen. On the day of Pentecost, he came. So the Lutheran rejoiced. You know, we know that they rejoiced in justification in what they knew. The just shall live by faith. The westerns rejoiced in sanctification and pure lives. And I I've seen them even in that uh the old old time holiness church and western church how they would rejoice in sanctification entire sanctification. The Pentecost was rejoiced in the restoration of gifts, right? They rejoiced in that in that age of of the Holy Ghost and and the baptism even on the outer realm. They rejoiced in that. But we know that the full word was not born until the opening of the seals, right? So there there was a time when oh my was a time when the magi were were were in Jerusalem and they were walled off and there was a time they saw the light but there was a time they found the literal form of the baby Jesus laying in the manger right and that was the fullness of God. It was all of the Old Testament scriptures wrapped up in a body, but it was in an infant form and they could not recognize him when he came, many of them, but the magi did because they followed the sign to the person, right? Brother said there was a voice following the sign. So when we saw the message of the hour, that's why things don't shake us. People say, "Well, there's signs over here, signs over there." But we're not following a sign anymore. We followed the sign. Amen. To the person. That's good. Right. We've Hallelujah. We followed the pillar of fire to the word. That's good. I don't ever and I don't say you couldn't see it. You may see it, but I don't ever have to see the pillar of fire again. Joshua never saw it that we know of. It's never recorded that Joshua saw it. But to brother Brandon said, the pillar of fire that was with Moses become the person of the captain of the host that was with Joshua. Come on, church. We're living in that time. This message brought us out, but it takes us in. I know there's some depth to that, but I believe you can grasp it this morning. This message didn't leave us in just just in the land in the wilderness wandering around, but it actually took us in and placed us. And here we're not following the sign, but we've actually found him. And if you go back and look, when the magi found him, they worshiped during that time. They didn't just rejoice when they saw the sign, but they rejoiced when they found the person. Now, the full word was not born the opening of seals. You say, "Why can you say that?" And how can you say emphatically that the full word was open then? That's why we don't believe brother Brandham has to come back to do that. That's right. Right. Because the full word was open then. Right. And that's not any reflection on anybody that believes that. It's just it's just what I've seen in the message. Right. And I believe you've seen that as well that the opening of the word, we don't look at the word through the blinders of some idea. But we look at it what brother Brandham said, right? Look at what brother Brandham said. He said the day that the denomination crucified the word of God and accepted a creed instead of the word, that's the day the word came into full effect. That's just been recently. You realize that the veil was rent from top to bottom. You remember when Jesus was crucified, one thing had to be happening for the other to happen. You can't have an indictment without the mercy seat coming in plain view. You can't have a ceasing of the old system. Hallelujah. Without the new covenant coming into effect. So, brother Brandham said that the denomination, you realize how important the sermon indictment is. Brother Brandham said they," he said, "I indict this generation for crucifying the son of God. Aresh, right?" He said, "I indict you preachers. I indict you denomination." He said, "I indict you non-denominational." He said that have that made the word of God of none effect by your traditions. And when he preached that, what happened? He's preaching that and he makes this statement in the indictment. He said he said the word the only he said that's the word coming to full effect. the day that the denominations forsook him is the day the word come into full effect. He said that's just been recently. He preaches a few months after the opening of the seals. Right? He said that's just been recently. So the full word had to come into effect during that time. It had to. Right? So again, if brother Brandham come back or maybe not that maybe we're not tempted by that, but if some preacher come along and say, "Well, I'm a prophet. I've got things to say." He'd have nothing to say that would matter to us. Are you with me now? I've got nothing to say that's essential to your salvation, but I can point you to the fullness of the of Christ who's come in our day. Are you with me? The only things I can say that are essential to salvation are those things he already said. I can have my ideas about things and the way things ought to be. But the only things essential to salvation are those things he already said plainly. Because if it was not so, the word would not have been born into effect. But the word came into full effect at the opening of the seals. Amen. There's a couple of more examples. I'll use one of them. Brother Brandham in things that are to be in 1965 he talked about how he said one day he said that people believe that we were just floating like a cloud. Did you know brother Brandham believed that? Right. He believed that. He preaches that in the Hebrew series how that he said we won't be able to shake hands when we get there. But the opening the full word came into manifestation. Right? And when it come into manifestation, brother Brandham says this. He said, "But that was a conception that they had before the fullness of the word come into existence. These mag, they didn't know what they were going to find. They had no idea what they were going to find. They just knew a king had been born. They found him in a manger. The specifics were hidden until they found him. And when they found him, he was complete. Amen. He was a baby, but he was all of God wrapped up in flesh. Are you with me now? He was a baby, but he was Jehovah. But the brother said, "Was little Jehovah playing in the street. Little Jehovah with his friends. Little Jehovah crying in a manger. What was it?" The fullness of the word in a body. They weren't looking for something else once they found him. But they bypassed Jerusalem going back. Remember, they didn't go back to that old denomination, but they b they had found him. And so, they went back home rejoicing because they had found the fullness of the word coming into existence in the world. Don't you realize that's what you found today? You can rejoice because you found the fullness of the word coming into existence. I hope that's not too hard for you to grasp. Right? During denomination, we saw glimpses of him. Glimpses of him. But before the rapture, he had to come in word form in his fullness. Right? Now look, just as he come then in body form, now he had to come in word form, in his fullness. He said that was a conception they had before the fullness of the word come into existence or the opening of the seven seals that's promised to us in this age that we then understand. Brother Brandon doesn't, as far as I remember, he doesn't even talk in the seals, in those sermons about heaven in that way, other than the dream he had about his wife and and and those things. But he doesn't even talk about heaven. But aren't you glad we know that they have bodies? Amen. Amen. that if you went home, brother Herold, God forbid that you would go home, you know, and and and early or I say early, but you know, if you would go home now today and Harold's lived a good long life, but if you went at home now today or or one of the others, one of the other people in the church and you got there and you're like just all floating around, I wish I could give them a hug. That's right. Wish I could, you know, this doesn't feel like a real conversation talking from a mist, a cloud, playing my harp, you know, sitting on a cloud just doesn't feel like very good. But when the word come into existence, we could see him as he was. So, we believe and you know, even denominations, I've noticed a lot of them will teach that now, well, when you go to heaven, you have a body. They don't even know where they get that from. That's right. The full word coming. There was a there was inspiration, a full word come into effect in our day. I know I'm taking my time this morning, but I just want to lay this in where we where we understand it in a simple enough way that we can grab a hold of it. The full word had to come into existence for us to know that, but the brand doesn't even address it as far as I remember in the seals. But it was the opening of the seals that broke the revelation, right, of the of the whole message. The entire message was was the revelation of Christ. Are you with me now? So it's the opening of the word that brought us these things. Listen. So when we find joy, now joy is not the Holy Ghost himself. It's an effect of the Holy Ghost. They had joy at the sign right before they found him. But joy is a fruit of finding of knowing that the sign has appeared and of finding the person. Uh it's a fruit of it. Brother Brandham uses Acts 19 as an example of that. He said they already rejoiced. The Holy Ghost was there. uh they were anointed them on the outer outward realm but Paul gets there and says how were you baptized right and they said we were baptized in John's baptism and he said he said have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed he said we don't know if there be a Holy Ghost and so he baptized them they received the Holy Ghost and had joy all over again right so joy itself just because you feel joy that's not the Holy Spirit but the Holy Spirit does bring joy it's his spirit in you that makes the word flesh but Pentecost thought that joy was all of it But joy is just a fruit of the spirit. So we don't build a denominational camp around joy. Joy is just a fruit of the spirit. So when we know he's here, right? Like the magi finding Jesus saying in the manger, he's here. He's come, right? We don't not looking for nothing else. He's here. Our journey is over. Our journey of discovery is over. We found him. We can know more about him. But we found him. Are you with me now? That's the message of the hour, church. If we could just realize the importance of it and Satan's going to do everything he can to pull you away from that, pull you away from the influence of the message of the hour. Pull you away, say, "Well, it doesn't really matter. We don't really teach those things and we don't really believe those things anymore." Yes, we do. Why? Because that was the word being born in its fullness. Brother Brandon taught us not in the preparation. He said, "But there come a time when the word was born in full effect." Are you with me now? So when he's present in his fullness, there's joy in the camp. Not an external joy from sweeping revivals, but an internal joy from seeing the word made manifest. I I I see these Y'all going to think I'm a real sinner, but sometimes I I watch these things on Facebook, these reels, and for some reason it always shows me church stuff and so or most of the time fishing stuff and church stuff. And so when I go on there, the algorithm knows me. And when I go on there, you know, it it's these dancing videos. Have you seen this? Like there's just a phenomena of it right now that everybody's dancing in that in church. And there's nothing wrong with that. Nothing wrong with dancing, but a lot of it is nonsense, right? They're dancing and brother talked about that choir with their painted faces and everything just looked awful and and how that they they didn't follow the word in their lives, but they still sang and he talked about how awful that was. Well, that's just the way it is. Just it just becomes like it's good entertainment, right? It's joy without the person. Are you with me now? But what what are they dancing about? See, what are they dancing about now? Brother Brandham says this. He said, "Don't go with that crowd that's moving on yonder, friend. That led us to a church age. It could jump up and down, dance under music, lukewarm, right?" Didn't say it was ice cold now. It said it was lukewarm. That's Pentecostal. He said, "And don't know that it's miserable, wretched, blind." Amen. Blind to what? The word. To the manifestation of the word because it never come through their organization. They cannot receive it. Oh, I wonder how many people even today around the message, we get to the point where we can't receive it because it didn't come in our organization. It didn't come among our group of ministers. It didn't come through our favorite preacher. So, we can't receive it. But the word has been born in our hour. If you can see him, if you can find him today, you can still find revival. You can still find joy at the opening of the word. But he said there's some people just live upon the emotions. Some people say, "Well, we got a lot of that in our Pentecostal movement. They will go in, which is fine. They'll pat their hands and play the music." He said the music stops and he said, "A bucket of water went over everything." He said, "See, now we do that. We get in a habit of doing that." He said, "It just become one of our customs." He said, "When you're worshiping God in the spirit and in truth, when it becomes a custom for you to do it because you think you ought to do it because you think if you don't shout or jump up and down or dance with the music, your neighbor is going to think you're back." said, he said, "You're drinking from a stagnated stream." He said, "Until it fills every fiber." Well, that's what we want this morning. We don't want just a temporary thing. We want it to fill every fiber of our being. We want it to be over the right thing. If we dance, let us dance over the word being revealed at our hour. If we sing, let us sing about the fullness of God that's come to us. But the revelation that we have, that we can't be lost, that he's going to take care of us. That ought to mean something to us. That's why some of these songs that are written don't mean anything to us. But some of them mean something to us because maybe the writer didn't even understand. But we understand what it means to have sins forgiven. We understand what it means to say all is well. We understand what it means. Hallelujah. Amen. We there's something inside of us that knows when we we sing a song like my God is awesome. I know some people don't like that song, but to me, when I think about it, I don't think about some some just song out here, but I think about the awesomeness of God that was revealed to us in the message of the hour, that he existed before time, that he was Elohim. [Laughter] So easy to get back and lukewarm. Maybe in church we still act the part. There's got to be something in our heart that still loves the word. And we get to where we want to be in church. Not because not because we're afraid of what somebody might say, but because there's something in our heart that cries out for the truth, cries out for the word. and cries out to be a light and to be a fellowship to others and for fellowship. Brother Brandon said that's God's satisfying portion. He said, "I don't care whe the music is playing, whether they're playing near my God to thee or whatever it is." He said, "The Holy Spirit is still ringing the glory bells in your heart." That satisfies that's God's satisfying portion. He said, "Anything less than that, you're done." He references 1 Corinthians 13. He said, "If I have not love, I'm become as a sounding brass and tinkling symbol." He said, "No, there's a good thing to worship in the spirit." That's true. But sometimes you have spirit without truth. St. John 4 said, "We worship God spirit and truth." Someone say it with me. Spirit and truth. So we don't have church without the truth. We believe in the word. We believe in the preaching of the word. If we're going to go long in something, let's go long in the word. And I try not to hold you long, but what I'm saying is let let's make that the the the main effect of the service. But I also want us to worship because I recognize the value of worship. And I want to give time for every priest and every king to bring their sacrifice of praise before the altar of God. He said we must worship him in spirit and truth and Jesus is the truth. That's exactly right. He is the word. Listen, when they receive the disciples receive the Holy Ghost, they had the person of Jesus with them and in them and they had great joy. They had the fullness of the word and the spirit. A and yet can I just tell you my heart today and we'll close at the appropriate time. But uh there's a feeling today that we've grown beyond joy, that somehow we've matured past it and joy is good for the kids and the youth camps. But for us, we've kind of gotten older and we wear our neck ties correctly and our clothes match. And I brought the wrong coat this morning. That's why I didn't wear it out here. Don't fit no more. And we realize that that, you know, we gotten older and and we're more put together. We can't cry no more. We don't worship no more. That's for the kids. Well, I wonder, church. I wonder if that's sometimes why we don't suffer in in our services at times because we missed our moment. We miss our moment. When it's our time to worship God, we just let it go cuz well, the service going to be over after a while and I got things to do. Well, yeah, but you got things to do in church, too. Bring that sacrifice of praise. Again, I'm not trying to make you all a bunch of a bunch of people that jump up and down. I went to Pentecostal church one time where they jumped in unison and the whole service, one side went up, the other side went down. I tell you what, they lost weight. They had a bunch of people in fit in that church. All except the preacher. He's a big guy. But he wasn't jumping. They were all jumping. Every time you make a good point, they play the music and they just jump the whole service. Uh, we're not trying to get that. We're not trying. We want you to be an individual and to worship God in the way that God has made you, but worship him. Give it all of your heart. Don't give more to a ball game than you would the word. Don't give more to a television program than you would the word. Don't give more to to another person than you would the person of Jesus Christ. See, we've been restored. They say, "Well, we we matured past that because we have something different." And that is true, right? We do have something different. We're being restored back to Eden. Brother Brand said, "The word that fell on the day of Pentecost will not work this day." No, sir. That was for Pentecost. This is for the bride, the going home of the bride. We got something different. The Pentecost has represented that again. We're in the bride age. And I think that's why some people that that they're longing for return of of healing meetings. I said before a lot of people that are against prayer lines would not be against prayer lines if brother Brandon was here. They just don't believe God moves like that no more. Right? But they they're against prayer lines because they don't believe that there's anybody qualified to pray. But the Bible said these signs shall follow them that believe. And brother Brandham tells us, he said, "Your pastor or any other preacher is as qualified as I am to lay his hands on the sick. We don't have the gift that he did or the the ministry, the the calling he did one to an age, but we do have we do have the right to pray for the sick." But but you get thinking about that and say, "Well, maybe we have moved past. We got something different. Maybe we don't need joy anymore. Maybe we just need to sit and and just, you know, just smile at each other once in a while." And, you know, sounds good. takes out a lot of the work, you know, and we don't really have to be on fire to do that. We just sit in church and hear the word and somehow miraculously it's going to transform us into something. And and and take us in a rapture. But I I want to prove to you if I can that that's not right by asking this question. And and and again, I'm not going to hold you long, but I just want to get through this. Why is the Pentecostal Leodysian age so deceptive? The Bible says that, think about it before you answer it in your mind, think about it. Why are they so deceptive? The Bible said, "There shall rise false Christ, false prophets, shall show great signs and wonders, and so much if we're possible, they shall deceive the very elect." That's scripture. So when we say the Pentecostal age, I'm talking about all of it. I'm not singling out the Pentecostal church. There's wonderful people in the Pentecostal church, but but all of it today. The modern movement of worship and praise and all of this, right? signs and wonders, television preachers, all the ages of deceit. Brother said from the Garden of Eden all the way down, there's never been an age so deceptive as this age. False prophets will rise and show signs and wonders if possible to deceive the very elected. Now look, brother Brandon said, "Now just a cold, formal, starchy churches and so forth of man-made theology that wouldn't the elect would never pay no attention to that. Right? He said, "But it's almost up there, almost like the real thing. It's deceptive because its characteristics are also the characteristics of the seed, right? The shuck is deceptive because it looks like the seed. I hope I'm not putting you to sleep this morning. This is important. It's deceptive because it feels good." And I know people say, "Well, okay, we just won't have any shouting. We won't have any worship. We won't have any music. And then we won't be deceptive. Well, you're not anything. You're going back to a stalk. Are you with me now? It'd be like a business if you're you know there's counterfeit $100 bills floating around. You don't you don't stop taking $100 bills. You want the $100 bills, but what do you do without you mark them and make you check them, make sure they're right. We don't want to do away with worship. We don't want to do away with gifts. We But we will check everyone by the word. We don't want to do away with shouting, but we check it by the word. We shout whether we feel like it or not. We we we we worship whether we feel like it or not. We don't just worship by music. We worship by because he's worthy of our praise. It's deceptive because it has joy and praise and makes you feel good, but it's hollow. It's a good shot. Brother Brandham said they rejoice, but they haven't found him. Right? They saw the sign, but they didn't find him. But don't stop when you see the light. Don't stop when you see the sign. Go find him where the word said he would be. But the Brandon said, and speaking of the sla said she denies the word to make Matthew 24:24 real to her, she tries to move in with a lot of noise, a lot of this, a lot of social standings and things like that, trying to say, "Well, we got power. Glory to God. Hallelujah. We got power. Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof so close it would deceive the very elected." The bride church will not be a powerless church. It will be a church that is Pentecostal in its nature. But they'll have that plus. Someone say it with me. That plus. We have everything that Luther had, everything that Wesley had, everything that Pentecost had. Plus, we found him. The opening of the word is the complete body of Jesus Christ. It's the seed in it in its full form. Listen. He said, "Having a form of godliness, but denying the power that so close it would deceive the very elected, how can a man dance in the spirit and speak in tongues and deny the word of God being the truth?" There's the question. Be the Holy Ghost. It just can't be done. Why was the Pentecostal age so deceptive? Because it was so much like the real. But our focus is not on gifts. It's not on emotion. Our focus is and ought to be him. Him. The Brown said, "This is my ministry." To declare him, "He's here." His ministry paralleled John the Baptist. I thought of that as I showed some of the brothers in the back. Brother Nathan Ericen was traveling through and he stopped in Hot Springs yesterday. And when he stopped there, he he saw his granddad, his mom's uh dad, I believe it was, was uh Brother Samuel Johnson. Many of you know remember that name from the past. Brother Samuel Johnson was a a great preacher back in the day. Just passed away recently, but he was in the meetings in 1963 when brother Brandon preached once more and a greater than Solomon is here and those services in at the ABC campgrounds in uh in Hot Springs. Brother Nathan Erikson was driving back through there the other day, driving back from a wedding yesterday and he stopped there and he texted some of us brothers. He told us he said he said I found he said laying on a shelf a magazine and he found a a a picture of his granddad introducing brother Brandham and his granddad standing in the pulpit a young man back then he's standing in the pulpit he said and now brother Brandham and he turned and walked away and brother Brandham come to the pulpit and that changed that family's history and that life and and everything about it and many many people's lives and affected many people's lives because he come across the path of the messenger and saw the message and followed it and then generations of believers have come after that. Literally hundreds of believers have come after that. But don't the the thought occurred to me that here come here come the man he stood there and he said now brother Brandham and he moves from the side. Do you realize what brother Brandham did? Do you realize what he did church? He stood here for 33 years. He stood on the earth behind the pulpit. I didn't take him out of the pulpit. God did. What did he do? He stood behind the pulpit and he preached and he said this day the scripture is fulfilled and Christ is the mystery of God revealed. What was he doing? He's saying and now Glory to God. And now the Lord Jesus Christ and he stepped out of the way. And who stepped into the pulpit? Not me. Not another preacher. Christ. Ain't that powerful? Mr. Go. That's what happened. Just like if I would stand here and then move out of the way to give the pulpit to another preacher. He moved out of the way. He said, "I must decrease that he might increase." What was Christ? The word that he brought. So our focus is not on gifts. It's not an emotion. But it's on him who he introduced us to. Hallelujah. It's on the one he introduced us to. This is my ministry to declare him that he's here. Listen, he said about the time the prophet turned, he's talking about John in the water, he's he's prophesying about Christ and he said, "Behold, there comes the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." Now, what's the attraction that's changed from the prophet to his prophecy? What was it? Why did brother Brandham have to leave right after the opening of the word? Why did he have to leave the scene right after just a few years of preaching to us after the opening of the word? What happened? The attraction had to change from the prophet to the prophecies. Listen, he said the seventh angel messenger say, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." And I I honor brother Brandham not because he's some great man, but I honor him because he stood there and he said, "Behold the lamb of God." He never pointed us to himself. He said, "Not for one moment do I bring a message so that you people could honor me or follow me." He said, "But to point to him." To point to him. He said the seventh angel messenger stand said, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." And that lamb is still here this morning. Brother Brandham isn't with us anymore, but that lamb still stands here today. He's still behind the pulpit. He's still with us in the body move. He's still here. The seventh angel messenger says, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." Not behold my Methodist, my Baptist, my Pentecostal, but the word, the son of God, the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world, for no other foundation is there. Christ the word was not present in the Leoian church. You remember he was put out and he said, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him. What's up with him and he with me?" He was outside the church. But because they still had emotion and joy, they thought he was still there. But it was an anointing on the exterior, not the interior. I it come to me that you know when the king of England is present at Buckingham Palace there's a change there guards outside the door that weren't there before but the most visible change when the king is present is the standard right they always fly the British flag but on the day that the king is present they change flags and the the royal standard is raised over Buckingham palace to signify that he is there. Now you can fly a flag without the king. Right? You can have emotion without the word. But if there's no flag, there's no king. And that's why brother Brandham can say anything without emotion is dead and ought to be buried. Because if the king is there and the people realize it, there will be a flag flying. Listen, if that flag doesn't fly over the castle, somebody didn't do their job. Amen. So, I'm going to do my best, brother JT. As long as I'm in this body, I'm going to do my best, sister, for as long as I'm in this body to keep that flag of joy waving. The King is here. He's here. He's not yesterday. He's not tomorrow. He's right here with us. If you need healing, he's here. If you need salvation, he's here. If your kids need to be He's here. You do what the word says and come to the house of God. expecting him to move. A dead formal cold church is not deceptive. It's not shock. And they say, "Praise God, we're not the shuck, but it's just a lodge. There's no king residence." Because if there's a king there, I'm challenging you again. If the king's there and there's no flag of joy, somebody didn't do their job. God, don't let that be me. I'm not saying they're not Christians, but somebody didn't do their job. I'm not saying you're not a Christian because you don't feel joy all the time, but it's our job to look past our own feelings. See, the king is here. The king is here. Let me fly the flag. There's something about a standard. It's important during the Civil War there. There was a flag bearer. It was a great honor to carry the company colors and to carry the flag. And and so what happened is they would because they could see it, all the snipers on the other side would take aim at the flag bearer. And they say they lasted about 15 minutes on average because they had a flag. It was a token, but they were proud to carry it. And one of the ways you could win respect and honor was by grabbing that flag before it hit the ground no matter who died in front of you. But those were men back then. Grab that flag knowing there was a wall of bullets coming at you. But you were going to keep the flag flying. I wonder how many Christians we got today. How many men, how many women would stand there and say, "I'm gonna keep the flag waving." Even if there's bullets coming my direction, even if Satan does everything he can, I know the importance of the standard because if the standard falls, if joy falls away from us, then we begin to lose, we begin to realize like Moses's hands being lifted and then when they went down, they begin to lose the battle because they lost confidence. And we need confidence in our battle that we fight. There was always joy in the temple because the shikina was there. Listen, they sang in the temple. I don't have time to read all this, but they came. They sang in the temple, his mercy endureth forever. Have you ever heard that? There's a whole psalm, believe it's Psalm 136, that every verse it says, "For his mercy endureth forever." And it's a long one, but you talk about rep a repetitive song, right? Every verse, his mercy endureth forever. How did they know his mercy endureth forever? Because wherever that ark was, the shikina was keeping the shoe bread from go getting stale. That's what keeps the word from getting stale to us. It's the presence of God. The shikina was there. The presence was always there anointing the word until they rejected the word. Right? He left. He left them. left the camp and then then they rejected Jesus who was his literal presence on the earth when he came. But but when he came, one of the criticisms that Jesus got was his disciples were too happy. I don't think anybody would criticize us for that. Said, "Well, they're too happy." And in Luke chapter 5, the Pharisees said, "Why do the disciples of John fast often?" And and and we fast the Pharisees. But but your disciples eat and drink like they're at a party. Praise God. I'm pro eating now. Praise the Lord. And I made y'all think about food, didn't I? But look, he said Jesus told him, he said, "Can you make the children of the bride chamber fast while the bridegroom is with them?" He said, "A wedding is not a sad time. It's a happy time. But the days will come when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them. Then shall they fast in those days. Oh my. But when he returned on the day of Pentecost, what happened? There was rejoicing again among the disciples. Why? Because he came back to them who were so sorrowful before they realized he was resurrected. Look, if he's here, and that has been proved to us today beyond the shadow of a doubt by a prophet messenger that he is here, we should rejoice. Remember, before the lamb took the book, there was weeping. But after he took the book, there was rejoicing. In the millennium, when he seated on the throne of David, there will be joy in his presence. I know we all want joy to be over there. But listen to this. Brother Brandham said, "Ask yourself if you could afford to miss this." And he reads Isaiah chapter 65. He said, "This is during the time of the millennium when the most holy is anointed." Isaiah 65:17, "Behold, I create new heavens and a new earth, and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind, but you be be glad and rejoice forever in that which I create. For behold, I create." Remember what we preached Wednesday night, he said, "I create the fruit of the lips." So he put you in situations at the bottom of the ocean. Hallelujah. So you can worship. But he said, he said, "Be glad and rejoice in what I create. For behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing and her people a joy. He creates the fruit of the lift. He said, "And I will rejoice." Yes, sir. Just bear with me for just a moment. I'm almost done. I will rejoice in Jerusalem and joy in my people. And the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying. Listen, brother Brandon picks it up. He said, "The anointing is the joy of the Lord." And he says in the six-fold purpose of Gabriel's visit to Daniel, he said the king and the throne are the royal majesty of the throne, the eternal throne and the eternal people with an eternal joy in an eternal city. Amen. Hallelujah. We know there's joy in heaven. How many know that? You realize there was joy when you got saved. The Bible says that Luke 15:10, he said, "Likewise, there's joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth." We always pick that up, and it is true, but there's more to it. We always pick that up and say, "Well, the angels rejoice." That's not actually what the scripture says. Did you read it? There's joy in the presence of the angels, right? The angels do rejoice, but who gets them started? Oh, come on, church. If you read the scripture, I'm going to read it again in just a moment that we read at the beginning. You'll understand where I'm going. If you go back to Luke chapter 15, Paul talks about a man losing a hundred or Paul Jesus talks about a man losing a hundred sheep and having a hund sheep and losing one. And he said he leaves the 90 and nine and goes after what's lost until he finds it. And when he had found it, he lays it on his shoulders. Brother, that's the strongest part of his body. That's where you are today. That's how he brought you back. rejoicing and when he cometh home he calleth together his friends and neighbors right so if you can imagine God in heaven I'm just to kind of maybe it's a little uh a little bit carnal but just so we can understand it God sit in heaven on his throne and when you come back hallelujah he carried you back rejoicing and when he cometh home. He called together the angels and said, "Rejoice with me, for I have found my sheep which was lost." He said, "I say to you, likewise, joy shall be in heaven." Likewise, joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth more than over 90 and nine just persons which need no repentance. Go back to Zephaniah 3:17, our opening scripture. He said, "The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty." Do you believe we found him? Is he right here? Have we seen the opening of the word? The fullness of the word. The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty. He will save. He will rejoice. You say, "Well, there's no joy anymore." There is in heaven. And if we're sitting in heavenly places, there ought to be joy with us. Paul says, "We're in heavenly places right now in Christ Jesus. The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty. He will save. He will rejoice over thee with joy. He will rest in his love. He will joy over thee with singing. I I don't know what his voice sounds like. I've always thought he had a deep voice, you know, like Mo like the Ten Commandments. You know, God speaking in the Ten Commandments. Moses. [Laughter] Imagine God being a great bass singer. I don't know. He might sing dinner. But he sings. He probably sings however he wants to. But he sings. You say God sings. What does he sing about you? Yes, sir. It's hard to be depressed and get this revelation. God sings over you. Come on, church. He said, "The Lord thy God is in the midst of thee, and he will joy over thee with singing." Not you singing praise to God, but God singing praise to you. Oh, it got quiet. That makes us uncomfortable, doesn't it? Because we know who we are. But see, he doesn't see your sin. You can still remember it. You can still be bound by you or held back if you really you you look at say, "Well, I know what I've done. And I know what I've been. But the Holy Ghost actually within you is singing. He's singing. Church, when you got saved, he shouted all over heaven. You said, "Well, I don't believe that." Why do you think we shout? You said, "Well, shouting is just temporal emotion. It's just something we do down here." Oh, no. The Bible says, "Where were you when the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted together for joy?" Hallelujah. Where were Oh, come on, church. Before we ever knew in a preview, before we even knew when we were in the thoughts of God, we shouted and he shouted. Why did we shout? Because he shouted. If God could express human emotions like we do, we know he does in Jesus Christ. Right. He's a high priest that could be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. He said he he'll joy over thee with singing. I've always thought in heaven that David would be the song leader [Laughter] because if you think about it, you know, oh, David, oh, David, man, he he knows the grace of God and he wrote all the psalms and said everything in order. David must have been quite a singer. I've always thought he must be the song leader, but really if you what the Bible teaches is that God actually sings. He rejoices and come sing with me. A a child of God's been born again. You may not feel like much this morning. You may feel like the lowest member of the body of Christ, but if you were born again by the power of the blood, he is singing over you. Ought to make us the happiest people on the face of the earth. Oh, come on, church. That ought to make us excited. I don't I I know we we get all upset and because all discouraged because of what's going on. Look away from that this morning and look to the throne of God where the where where God himself is singing today and he wants you to join in. He said come and rejoice with me. Oh you people sitting in heavenly places. Rejoice with me. How why can I rejoice? I'm on his shoulders. He's carrying me back home. Let me rejoice with the ones who are rejoicing. Let me rejoice with the with the angels when I feel the presence of God. Let me lift my hand or clap my hands. Let me see have joy in his presence as musicians come. I wasn't going to make this part of my sermon, but couldn't get away from it. I posted the audio of it yesterday on Facebook, but brother Brandham is doing a is his his line, his prayer line, and calling people out. And a lady starts to rejoice. You can hear hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Shouting. She starts to clap and rejoice. And he says, I love this. He said, "You had a problem with your hands." Oh, we need some hand healing this morning. Some voice healing. He said, "You had a problem with your hands. He said, "You don't anymore. God's healed you." She rejoiced with hands that were hurting. And it caught a prophet's attention. He said, "You rejoiced. I see you there rejoicing. You're rejoicing with hurting hands." He said, "God's going to heal your hands." Oh, church, I wonder this morning. You might rejoice with a heavy heart. You might rejoice when things aren't all going good like you think they ought to, but you can still rejoice because you're a priest and a king in the throne room of God. When he said, "Come rejoice with me." What is it when we feel the presence of God and we feel his power here among us? He's saying, "Come rejoice with me. Come sing with me." We're not singing for each other. He said, "Well, I don't have much of a voice." You're not singing for each other. You're singing for him. He said, "Come rejoice with me. I found one that's lost." Hallelujah. Oh, he's still there today. If you're lost this morning with every head bowed and every eye closed, if you find yourself lost out of the ark of safety, he wants to rejoice over you. Won't you just give your heart to him today? If you're a Christian who's lost your joy, it's yours. It belongs to you. Why don't you just look at the fullness of the word? Why don't you go back to the word and say, "Lord, I know you brought your fullness to me in my hour. I'm going to rejoice." I'm not trying to prod you in these last few services, but I want us to understand in his presence, things can change. And I've seen people leave a service. I've seen them leave. I've watched the Holy Spirit affect their life and watch them walk out the door and not receive what God has for them in that service because they were just too busy or they didn't want to make noise or they just didn't want to be different than everybody else. But if you would just open up to it and let him let him have his way in your life, you you might lose that depression. You might lose that that that un ungodly feeling or thought. You might lose those things if you just rejoice. I know I've not been perfect, but I know a God who is perfect, and he's rejoicing. So, let me rejoice. I've always wanted to hear that song. Sing, Lord, and I'll sing with you. If you sing, Lord, the the lead part, let me sing the harmony. Let me be right with the word. Let me have joy in your presence. If we no longer have joy in his presence, that's a dangerous place to be, church. It's what happened to Satan at the beginning. You remember let pride get in the way and there was no joy in the presence of the Lord anymore. And finally, he fell and there was no redemption for him, but there was redemption for us. We were born for that purpose. We bypassed our theophony to come and be tempted. We were born for the purpose of of of redemption. Oh, let's not pass up our opportunity this morning. Let's not sit in the house of God with pride on us, too prideful to to worship him, but let's just worship him with the way he made us, with all that we have. Oh Lord, we thank you today. Heavenly Father, we love you. We thank you, Lord. I pray you'd help these people. Bless them, Lord. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Like me, I once was lost. Oh, I want [Music] Oh, I wonder if we could lift our hands to him this morning. Just rejoice. If you need prayer, we'd be glad to pray with you. I believe he's here this morning. Where he is, all things are possible. I see. Hallelujah. Oh, it was grace. Oh, I'm so glad for grace today. I'm so thankful for grace. It brings joy to my life to fear. Oh, it was grace. Hallelujah. Relief. Sing it to you young people. You know what grace it means. Oh, how preious it is. Hallelujah. Oh, that grace appeared. Hold thee out. I first believe. Let's all stand together as we sing the next verse. All through me. Many dangers. It's your turn now. It's time to offer him a sacrifice of praise. I don't know what you brought with you to the house of God, but whatever you brought with you, it's time to give it to him this morning. Lord, this is my sacrifice today. I may not feel like it, but this is my sacrifice of praise. I know I've been through some things, but I know you're a great God. Hallelujah. Oh, be safe thus far. Oh, and grace it will lead me home. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we just love him this morning. Let's just worship him for a moment with all of our hearts. Oh Lord, this is my sacrifice of praise. The fruit of my lips, oh God, give praise to your name. We've got another service today, but we just want to worship him with all that we have. Oh God, I expect you, Lord. I believe you're coming. Believe you're just around the bin. Oh, I believe you, Lord Jesus. I believe your word. I believe I found you. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing it this way. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, that ought to be some freedom in your worship this morning. Oh, I know I can praise God no matter what's going on around me. Hallelujah. Oh, I just want to praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Can we sing, "My God is awesome." My God is awesome this morning. You believe he's awesome today? Do you believe it? Let's sing it with all our hearts. My God is awesome. Oh, he can move the mountain. Are you thinking about when you sing it? The valley hide me from the rain. Oh my God is awesome. Oh, he heals me when I'm broken. Hallelujah. Oh, forever I will reign. Thank you, Lord. My God is awome. Oh, he is awome. Oh, yes. He's awome. Sing it now with all your heart. He's awome. Oh, my God is awesome. Oh, he's so awome. Oh, he's awome. Oh, he's awome. I'm God is awome. Oh, savior of the whole world. He's the giver of salvation. Oh, by his stripes I'm healed. Can you claim that this morning? Oh, my God is awesome. Oh, today I am forgiven. Oh, his grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. Glory. Oh, my God is awesome. Oh, he's so awome. Oh, thank you, Lord. So awome. Oh, he's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. He's awome. Oh, he's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's awome. So awome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. My God is awesome. Today I am forgi. His grace is wildlive. Praise his holy name. My God is awome. [Music] He's awome. [Music] He's awome. He's awome. My God is awome. He's awome. He's awome. [Music] I got saved. [Music] God bless you. Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord. The blood of Jesus shed on Calary. That need this morning. If you have it, why don't you just lift your hands to those precious blood? Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. They were made there. Made there just for me. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Lord for all my sins. Oh, thank you Lord for all my sicknesses, my pain. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When I need healing, oh, I just claim those precious blood stains. Before we sing it again, I'm going to this young man come this morning to give his heart to the Lord. Little Uriah, young man, put his heart in heaven this morning. Maybe you didn't know what was going on or you couldn't feel it. But in heaven this morning, there was rejoicing. You said, "Can a young man do that?" Absolutely he can. Because I was that young man one day and I gave my heart to the Lord and never looked back. I believe there ought to be rejoicing in the house of the Lord over one who repents. He's here this morning. He promised he would be here. His presence is here and we ought to just receive whatever we have need of today. And just in your sincerity like a child, say, "Lord, you can give it to me today." If little Uriah could could receive salvation this morning. Brother Brandham said when you come out to to come to the altar, he said that you get your salvation when you begin to come. He said because and you can just thank God for it because you made a move towards God and he'll make a move towards you. Do you believe that this morning? Is there joy in your heart? Is there joy in the house of the Lord this morning? I believe there is. I claim the blood. Claim him for your healing this morning. Jesus shed. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh those preious blood stains. Glory to God. Oh they were made there just. Hallelujah for me. Thank you Lord. Oh for all my sin. Oh I'm so glad for my sickness and my pain. Hallelujah. Oh, I love you, Lord Jesus. I pray you'd heal those that are sick. Touch the wounded in spirit. Lord, give rejoicing in a weary land. Oh God, hallelujah. Pray for you granted today. Hallelujah. Those preious blood stains. God bless you, brother Allen, as you come. Thank the Lord Jesus. Just continue to rejoice. Hallelujah. The source. Hallelujah. Oh, of strength when I am weak. [Music] That takes me through. When life is pressing me, I have a source. [Music] of power from above. [Music] I'm covered over by a shield of love with all our hearts. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains, they were made there just for me. [Music] [Applause] Oh, for all my sin [Music] and my pain. [Music] When I need healing, [Music] I just claim those precious blood stains. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. Amen. Just before we go, we've got an announcement. The Oldest Sunday School Choir, if you would stay immediately after um for practice. A let's sing that song, Key of G. I will praise the Lord. We'll sing this one time through. Then you're free to go in the name of the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise. You're free to go in the name of the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Oh, I [Music]
