################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-19 - Elijah Part 2- "Be Certain of God"- Pastor Benjamin Pruitt 5/18/2025 - Benjamin Pruitt - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-19
Title:   Elijah Part 2- "Be Certain of God"- Pastor Benjamin Pruitt 5/18/2025
Speaker: Benjamin Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyx-SM1A5Cc
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Well, I'll keep holding on to that nail scared hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. I know I'll keep going on. Well, I've been walking through this valley, through this veil of tears. Well, there's times I even question. Even if my Lord was near that at times that old tempter, he says, "Why not turn around?" Well, you can't get any farther because you're just losing ground. Oh, but I'm not giving up. I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear. Oh, and I'll keep holding [Music] on to that nail head. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going. [Music] Oh, and would you mind tell me if there's something bothering me? Why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? You see, he has purposed and determined to get right in the way and turn us from the way of life and lead our souls astray. Oh, but I'm not giving up. I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, but I'll keep holding on, holding on to that nail scarred hand. No, I'm not giving up. No, I'll one more time. Well, I'm not giving up. I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, and I'll keep holding on, holding on to that little scarred hand. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's hand as they play it one time? [Music] Oh, I'll keep going. Oh, with all your hearts now. Well, I'm not giving up. Giving up. I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I'll wear a shining crown someday. Oh, but I'll keep holding on, holding on to that nail scarred hand. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Well, I have a home prepared where the saints abide just over in the glory land. And I long to be by my savior's side. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land. I'll join that happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over her in the glory land there with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. Well, I am on my way to those manions fair just over in the glory land. Oh, there to sing God's praise and his glory will share. Just over in the glory land. Well, just over in the glory land. I'll join that happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over her in the glory land. I'll sing it, church. Just over in the glory. I like this one. Oh, what a joyful thought that my Lord I'm going to see. Just over in the glory land and with kindred save there forever to be all with all your hearts now. Oh, just over in the glory. I'll join that happy angel band. Just over in the glory in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There wins the mighty host. I'm going to stand just over in the glory. Oh, with the blood washed throne, I will shout and sing just over in the glory land. Glad Hosanas to Christ the Lord and King just over in the glory. Clap your hands and sing it now. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land they win the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. Give him another hand clap of praise this evening. Are you happy to be back in the house of the Lord again on a Sunday afternoon? Amen. Sure. Good to see each and every one of you. Before I forget, we want to say a great big happy birthday to Sister Emily. Today is her birthday. Give her a great big hand. I am so bad with remembering stuff and so I had to do that before I did anything else or I'd forget. And we do we we we appreciate Sister Emily. She helps in the Sunday school and and her family. We are we we love the the VIA family. that Jared's helping out today. Give him a hand. We love him. Appreciate y'all. And also, that's song request. Let me get the prayer request here from Sister Brittany Puit. Please pray for the uh I might get this wrong. Agnati and Godi family. Okay. The Angadi family in the loss of my friend Brenda Angotti. She leaves behind a young son. Uh remember them in prayer if you would for that loss. And also, please pray for my daughter. Go ahead and come, ushers, if you would. Please pray for my daughter, Jennifer. This is from Sister Karen Curtis. Uh, she is having surgery on Tuesday. So, just remember her in prayer. Is Jennifer the one I met in the hospital down there in Batesville. Was she the one that was there that night? Was that Jennifer? I think it was. I think I met her there. Yeah. Tammy. Well, it was good. Uh, you know, I met some of the family. They got all these family. I'm still trying to uh meet them all, you know, and so uh you know, I I think of them. Every time I every time I think of uh every time I think of, you know, people children coming back to the Lord, I think of brother Bill and Sister Karen and Sister Karen's faith and how she's held on all these years. And we're believing for a miracle, not just uh in their health, but spiritually as well. And also, I did almost forget another one. Uh my father-in-law asked if we could pray uh for my mother-in-law. she had a setback uh in her arm that she had surgery on and also my father-in-law had skin cancer removed from his lower lip and is dealing with that. I think he had a 11 stitches put in or something like that. So, just remember him in prayer. Amen. If you have a need on your heart tonight, we know who answers prayers, don't we? Amen. We're going to have brother David take the needs to the Lord tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come before you this evening, Lord. Just thank you for your blessings, your goodness, Lord. Thank you for your presence, your love among us, Lord. Just appreciate you, Lord. And thankful that you're with us, Lord, every step of the way, Lord. Just come before you. Just looking forward to the service tonight, Lord. Just bring these requests before you, Lord. You know, each need that was read over the pullpit, Lord. Just move in behalf of each one of them, Lord, by your glory and by your grace, Lord. Just have your will and way among that, Lord. Just bless our offering tonight, Lord, that we use it, Lord, for your glory and honor, Lord. Bless our service, Lord. Just bless our brother Ben and strengthen him tonight for the service. May you just speak through him tonight, Lord. Just may we worship you, Lord, with a whole heart tonight, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. You can be seated. See first love me. You sing it again now. Singing, "Oh, how I love Jesus." We're singing, "Oh, how I love Jesus." soul. How I love [Music] Jesus because he first loved to me he is so wonderful. If you know it like that. Oh to me he is so wonderful. Can you testify about that tonight? Oh, to [Music] me, he is so wonderful. Oh, to me. so wonderful. Because he first love me well I am covered covered covered by his blood. We're walking by faith and we're living in love. Well, I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. I know Jesus has rescued. Well, I am covered, covered, covered by his blood, walking by faith. And we're living in love. I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. I know Jesus. Oh, let me hear you sing it tonight. Well, I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. Walking by faith. And we're living in love. I am covered, covered, covered by his blood. Well, Jesus has rescued. You're sounding good. Sing it one more time. Well, I am covered covered by Oh, yes. We're walk and we're living. Well, I am covered. Covered by his blood. Well, Jesus has rescued me. If you're covered tonight, give him a big hand clap of praise. And I almost forgot a very special thing I was supposed to remember tonight. And that is that brother Jeff and sister Patty have a 52nd anniversary tomorrow. Am I right? Tomorrow. 52 years. Isn't that awesome? Amen. One of y'all are real good Christians. Maybe both of you. You know, you can stay together that long. I'm sitting here thinking 14 years. How in the world am I going to make it that long? I don't know. I don't know. Brother Jeff. I'm going to pray for a rapture before that. Sorry. I'm in the doghouse already, but you know, hey, y'all look at me like that. You're getting ready to get married, too. I had them getting married next week. It's actually the week after, but it don't matter. It all runs together. And uh just wait till you've been married 14 years. You won't remember nothing either. Maybe it's the four kids. I'm not sure. But but we we sure love Brother Jeff and Sister Patty as well. Sister Patty's another one that's a big help in the Sunday school. And we sure love them. Give them a big hand. Big happy anniversary hand clap. Amen. We sure love them. Uh, sister sis, we got a some couple specials tonight. Sister Emily, Gabby, Haley, and Noah. That's what I've got written down. So, y'all just go ahead and come on up as they're coming. Let's sing that one more time. Well, I am covered, covered, walking by faith. Oh, we're living. Well, I am covered. Covered. Covered by his blood. Well, Jesus has rescued me. Well, I am covered. [Music] Just as just as soon as they're done, Sister Ellis Stender has a song. So, just make yourself ready just as soon as they're done. [Music] How many times can you hear the same lies before you start to believe it? The enemy keeps whispering to me. These days all that I'm hearing. I used to know who I was. Now I look in the mirror and I'm not so sure. Lord, I don't want to listen to the lies anymore. The truth is I am a father's child. I make him proud and I make him smile. I was made in the image of a perfect king. He looks at me on a change of day. The truth is I am truly loved by a God who's good when I'm not good enough. I don't belong to the lies. I belong to you. And that's the truth. When I feel like there's so much noise living free in my head, heaven finds me in a still small voice and it sounds like grace instead. You remind me who I am when I look in the mirror and I'm not so sure. Lord, I don't want to listen to lies anymore. The truth is I am a father's child. I make him proud and I make him smile. I was made in the image of a perfect king. He looks at me don't want to change a thing. The truth is I am truly loved by a God who's good when I'm not good enough. I don't belong to the lies that belong to you. And that's the truth. Cuz I know who I am. Cuz I know who you are. And I hold these truths inside my heart. I know the lies are always going to try and find me, but I've never been so sure. Truth is, I am a father's child. I make him proud and I make him smile. I was made in the image of a perfect king. He looks at me, don't I want to change a thing. The truth is I am truly loved by a God who's good when I'm not good enough. I don't belong to the lies. I belong to you. And that's the truth. And that's the truth. [Music] [Applause] [Music] deep. True. [Music] You are the healer. Healer of my heart. The maker and the God of all we [Music] are. I was the broken vessel in your hand. You looked beyond the hurt and made me whole again. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. I give my life to you. Love that saw me before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you ever. May I praise you, the healer of my heart. Nothing compares [Music] Lord to knowing [Music] you and seeing what the grace of God can do. You faithfully saw me when you called me your own. You made a way to bring my wondering heart back home. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. I give my life to you. Love that saw me before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you. The healer of my heart. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. I give my life to you. Love that saw me before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you ever. May I praise you, the healer of my heart. Now I live to praise you ever. May I praise you, the healer of my [Music] heart, man. You enjoy those specials tonight. Amen. Give our singers another hand if you would. Amen. I'm learning to lean. Learning to lean on Jesus. Are you ready for the word of the Lord tonight? Can we stand together? Amen. I know we're a needy people. If we have a need on our heart tonight, I like what that song said. He's the healer of the broken heart. He knows the heart. He knows everything you have need of here tonight. If there's a person in the building that feels like they need a touch from the Lord, I believe this can be your night. And just go ahead, just open up your heart. Just remember, he can walk up and down the aisle. He can meet every person, every need. And when I I thought back, Sister Stephanie, not to call you out, but I remember the day you come back to the Lord, and I didn't expect it, but I remember it happening. And I thought, you know, any service, God can do anything he wants to do. So, we just open up our hearts and give everything to him. Can we do that tonight? Well, I'm learning to lean. Can we do that? Oh, I'm learning. Yes, we are learning to lean on Jesus. Well, I'm finding more power than I'd ever dreamed. Oh, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Oh, one more time as our pastor comes now. I'm learning to lean. I wonder if we just put our hands up to him. Amen. If you're learning to surrender to him. Oh, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Well, I'm finding more power than I ever dreamed. Oh, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. One more time with all your hearts now. Oh yes, I'm learning to leave. I'm learning. It's Lord to leave. And I'm learning to lean on Jesus. [Music] Oh, I'm finding more power than I ever dream. Oh, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Let's bow our heads together. If you got a special request you'd like to make known tonight, lifting your hand, I know God sees every heart, knows every hand. Lord Jesus, you know the purpose behind these requests. Lord, you know even more than we know. Lord, we may think we know what we want or what we need, but you know what we really need. And I pray, God, that you would just speak directly to your people tonight. I pray you'd move me out of the way, Lord. I'm ineffective in myself. I know I can't do it, but Lord, I know that you can. I pray God that you just somehow take a your your servant, Lord, and and just just bind me to you tonight. Lift me up in your arms, oh God. Lift up these people, Lord, so that we could hear and we could preach. We could do what we're called to do. Pray you'd heal the sick, Lord. And whatever need that they had, Lord. I pray that it would be met tonight. God, we need you in this service. I can't make it without you. I can't can't do it, Lord, without your help. But I pray God that you would just move and help us Lord and we'll give you the praise and the glory and the honor in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. First Kings chapter 17, we'll start reading in verse 8 and read verses 8 and 9. First Kings 17 8 and 9. And the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Arise, get thee to Zerapath, which belongth to Zidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee. Amen. I pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated. Excuse me. Elijah was pretty comfortable by the brook. He had uh servants feeding him and giving him sandwiches and he he wasn't hurt that badly by what was going on in the kingdom at that time. He was protected by God. The widow was another story. She suffered with the rest of the country. In fact, that morning she woke up the morning that God spoke to Elijah and said, "Go down to the city." God didn't tell her that. Told him that. And she woke up that morning realizing that she didn't have enough to make it. I know sometimes we get to where you don't have enough money to make it to the end of the month or the end of the week and you wonder how it's going to happen and somehow God provides. But this was a life or death situation. She she knew that it wasn't just money. There was just no food to be had. It was a situation the conditions were such that they hadn't had any rain in three years. Think about that for a minute. How how hard how difficult that would be. the time that had passed during that three years between the time that Elijah gave the prophecy and now this widow and and so for a long time they had not had any any rain and there there had been no you know and over time there's no crops if there's no rain there's no crops if there's no rain there's no there's no growth and I think the same thing is true of a church if we don't have the reign of the Holy Spirit we don't have see any growth in the people I'm not talking about numbers but I'm talking about growth in our own hearts. We must have the presence of God. We got to have the rain. It's got to be here. And I think we ought to desire that with all of our hearts. Lord, don't let me get dry. Don't let me get become a desert in my life. Let me let me have the rain in my life. Let my prayer life be right and things be right. And may I be able to feel your presence. And so she was she was living in bad, terrible conditions. She woke up that morning and it's already hot. It's always hot in those countries over there. We think about a drought over here and how bad it gets. You know how the grass gets and everything. But you talk about over there, there's no water. There's no water above the ground, under the ground, there's just no water at all. It's a desert country anyway. And then you add that a drought to that and the springs start drying up and the rivers start drying up. And after a while, it's not just that there's no water, there's no way to get any water. And it's not just there's no food. There's no way to get any food. You can't just go pay more money to get food because there's none to be had. you could have a million dollars that wouldn't buy a loaf of bread. And so that's the condition that she was in. And she knew there was no way to change that. She was certain that this was the last day she would ever spend on the earth because of the conditions that she was living in. But she failed to recognize that God was working on the case all the time. And before she'd ever gotten in that condition, she'd already had a provision made for her because she was elected by God to host Elijah in her home that that the message of the hour would be present in her home. And she was the elect gentile lady that would that would sustain Elijah. He said, "I've commanded." She didn't know she was commanded. He he she never heard a voice. She never saw a vision. She never even talked. But God probably never talked to her about it. But what was it? He commanded her in the sense that he knew that she would do it. She would she would give him the loaf of bread. She would give him she would make him the cake. She would she would give him the water. Oh my. She would surrender herself. God knew it. Why did God call you to the message of the hour? He knew that you would surrender yourself when everything looked hopeless. He knew that you would give yourselves to the word. He knew who you were. And so he chose you as a gentile widow, as a gentile bride. I'm so thankful for that today. So the conditions that she was in was a reflection of the sin and the moral decay of the nation. And we know that there there's that's the case today as well. But brother Brandham said there had been no king as wicked as Ahab. He being taught and knew better, he failed not, this is a remarkable statement, he failed not to continue to displease God in everything he did. You Ahab was so bad at being a Christian, as we would say today. He was a Jew, right? He he was supposed to be somebody who knew better. He was taught better. He was so bad at it that he failed not to continue to displease God. So everything Ahab did displeased God. Yeah. Yeah, he just made every decision he made. He never made the right decision. He was always making the wrong decision up to this time. And and so it had caused this condition to come. It got the attention of a prophet. And so he said, although he had a great military system and the people had become very prosperous under his reign, but you cannot displease God and expect to get by very long. I know people think they can get away with it, but eventually it's going to catch up to you if you displease God. But I want to be have a testimony like uh uh like the one who got caught away. I'm I'm I'm tired tonight. But Joel, you're going to have to help me. Enoch. Enoch got caught away. I should know that, shouldn't I? I'm the pastor. But but Enoch got caught away. I want a testimony like that because he said he didn't not fail to displease God. But he didn't fail to please God. Oh, I'm so glad we can have a testimony like that today. He had this testimony. The Bible says before he was translation that he pleased God. word. Amen. How can you please God? By surrendering to his word. You can't please God just by effort. You can't please God just by being a good person, but by accepting the cup of salvation and being what God called you to be. We can please God today. I don't believe he's put it out here like a carrot on a stick way far ahead of us where we can't please him and we can't ever be right and we can't ever feel clean, but I believe it's right here for you tonight. If you want to please God, you can please God. You can have God in your life. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. I Let's have church tonight. How about it? I'm not going to hold you home, but let's have church tonight. Amen. I love the word of God. Look, brother said the hot winds of judgment was blowing upon a nation. Yes, sir. That had forgotten God. He said it was Is Ahab was Israel's most cruel and wicked king and he married a sinner. Jezebel who was an idoltor and she was a very attractive little woman. Ahab just kind of a lukewarm believer, you know, she kind of led him around, you know, and had given to her ideas and said, "Oh, well, religion is nothing for me. I I'm a king." You know, in other words, I, you know, I'm not a preacher. What does it matter to me which religion the people serve, right? He said, "Long had they tore down the altars of God and put up the altars of Baal." And the cry been so much against the true religion till the ministers under the great strain had given way. If there ever was a time we needed to pray for the ministry, it's now. Why? Because I'm not talking about me church. I'm talking about over over the entire uh world. I see it. This great strain on the ministry. And what is this strain? It's it's a pull of the world and it's a pull of the many times congregations and I'm so glad we don't have a pull here against the word. I believe your pull is for the word. You want to hear the word, but in many places there's actually a pull against the word. People don't want to hear the word no more. They don't want to hear the truth anymore. And so there's this pull against the people of against the the ministry wanting them to to to just just leave it alone. Don't preach it no more. Don't declare the message anymore. Quit quit using quotes. Quit doing this that or the other. And it's a constant pull on the ministry to try to get them. But but look, he said some time ago, I made a remark about ministers and a group met me and said, "Brother Brandon, our congregation just pulls onto us onto us." He said, "That's what causes it. The congregation will walk out. if the minister don't please them. He said in so long had the ministers fell into the impact of the king because sin was permitted. There was no limits. When I read that, I thought, my goodness, that's the age we're living in. There was no limits. There's no limits on the schools. There's no limits on the teachers. There's no limits on the people. There's no limits on the churches. You just live however you want to. Do whatever you want to. Right? And that's the way it was in Ahab's time. There was no limits. And I tell you what it's led to today. It led to a natural famine then, but today it's led to a spiritual famine. They said there will come a day when they'll look to and fro and they won't be able to find the word of God. But I'm so glad that we found it today. We're we're sitting by an artisian. Well, we found a sustaining word. Amen. Amen. Amen. People can go out and do what they want to do. If you want to go out and and let your family be like the world and if that's going to be the pattern, but but I see a lot of brokenness. I see a lot of trouble. Yeah. See a lot of struggle out there and it's a free country. People can do that. But I don't want that for my family. I don't want that for our church family. If we can help it. If there's any way we can help it. I want to still preach the word of God because it's the word that sets us free. It doesn't bind us, but it actually releases us. Sets us free. He said as long as the nation said so, it was all right. The nation had endorsed sin. That's why they say today, as long as the nation says it's all right to sell beer, then it's all right to drink it. You know, just because you turn 18 don't mean it's right to drink. Or is it 21? I don't even know the age. But I remember turning that age. Well, Jared, I don't remember having any thought in my heart at all about drink because I was a Christian. Right. Right. Just cuz I was free, you know, it don't mean I I just did whatever I wanted to do. I was a Christian. And I was still responsible. Don't mean I didn't make mistakes, but I was responsible before God. That's the way our young people have to be. The rules aren't going to hold them in forever. Right. Right. At some point, young person, you got to you got to be willing to live for God because it's the right thing to do. Not because mama said so, not because daddy said so. Because there's something in your heart that says, "I want to live for God. I love him with all of my heart. I I love this message. I want to I want my family, if I have one. I want it to be what this message is." Amen. And and he said, "If if it's if the nation says it's all right to half-dress on the street and the law won't run them in, well, it's all right to do it." He said, "That might be all right to the nation, but in God's great books, you're responsible and we have to answer before God." But they had fallen. They'd give way under the load. Yeah. The ministers had. So I said, "Pray for the ministry that they'd stand for the word of God." Yeah. This was the conditions of the age, but God still made a way for the believers. I'm so glad that he makes a way. Listen to me, church. He's made a way for us as a church. He makes a way for you as an individual. Brother Brandham said during that time he he said he was going to punish the unbeliever. He made a way for the believer. The same thing. Someone say the same thing. The same thing he does each time. He's a God who does it. If he ever did it once, he'll do it again. The same thing he did for them, he'll do for you. If he made a way for the believer then, he'll make a way for the believer now. Yes, sir. Yeah. He said he made a way for Noah when he it was the boat that he was building was the way. He made a way in the Red Sea when there was no way. He made a way for them to cross. What was it? He said how God makes his way. He said and where there is no way. He is that way. Oh, I've been there. Church, you may pray and cry and pray and cry and wonder what am I ever going to do? I get that way as a pastor some. What am I going to do? How am I going to do it? Moses got that way. He said, "How am I going to lead this great people and all these oxen? There's no water in the desert. There's no food stored. How are we going to do it? How are we going to make it through life? Some of y'all face life and look at it like that. Say, "How in the world are we ever going to make it?" But remember, if he asks you to do it, he'll make a way for you to do it. I'm so thankful for that. He will equip you with the ability to do what he's called you to do. He You might pray and cry and pray and cry, but he's working all the time. Yeah. Don't give up now. Be certain of God. Yes. You young people, don't give up. Be certain. Come on. I know what God said. I know what a prophet taught. I know what the word teaches. I believe the Bible. I believe in morality. I believe I don't have to give up on those things. Yeah. So, I don't see a way. He'll make a way. He'll be that way. Very good. So, he rose and went to Zerapath. You just imagine then coming. Brother Brandon called him a woolly worm in one place. One place he called him a fuzzy face. And here he comes, a bald-headed, whiskered prophet coming down. Makes me want to grow a beard if I could. Peter can grow a beard by thinking about it, you know. And I can't I can't do that. I try every time we go on vacation or something, I try to grow a beard. My wife says, "Cut it off. Just shave it." You [Laughter] know, I've tried that for years. Here he comes walking up to the gate and when he gets up to the where the widow woman was there gathering sticks. Oh my. Come looked over the gate and there she is. He said you know God said I'm going to send you to the widow. And the widow was there at the right time in the right place. Amen. The Bible says she was gathering sticks and he called to her and said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel." Yeah. That I may drink. Of all the people in the city to ask for water during a three-year drought, he asked a widow. Yeah. He come to the poorest person in the city. But he will not ask something of you that he will not provide for you. That's right. That's good. Oh, I hope you're hearing me tonight. Yeah. He will not ask something of you that he will not provide for you. All right. If he asks you to be a man and to provide for your family and do what needs to be done for your family, he will provide the ability to do that somehow. He will do that. Right? If he asks you to be a mother and take care of your children, he'll provide the ability to do that. Yeah. Somehow he'll make a way. If he asks you for water, he'll provide a way for you to have water. Yeah. If he asks you to come to church, he'll provide a church for you to go to. If he asks you to live for God, he'll provide a way for you to live it. Oh my. He'll provide overcoming sustaining power. Listen, if he asks you to go, he'll he'll provide a way for you to go. She started walking back. You know, I love the I love the fact that she's just going to give him the water, right? She's just going to give him Maybe she had enough for two days water, but she only had enough for one day to eat. Yeah. And so she goes to get the water. She started walking back. About that time, she heard a voice. As she turned to look, there was a kind-l looking old bald-headed gentleman standing at the gate with a long flowing whiskers. He said, "Would you fetch me just a little drink of water?" He said, "Maybe on her lips she was ready to say, I just have a little bit." Water was scarce. All the springs was dry. He said, "What was it?" God works on both ends of the line. God had showed Elijah a vision. Go down into the city, for I've commanded not the ravens this time to feed you. But I commanded a widow woman to sustain you and took him to the poorest of the poorest. See, if God's called you to preach, he'll give you a congregation to preach to. You won't have to scare one up. You won't have to you won't have to call everybody try to find a place to preach. If God gave you a place, an ability to preach, he'll give you somebody to preach to. I think of brother Andrew Glover, I think he's told the story here. Brother Andrew's been such a blessing to us and all around the world. And and brother Andrew was uh telling me I think he's told the story over the pulpit. He said a man told him he said, "Brother Andrew," he said, he said, "you preach the message." He said, "If you got nobody to preach to, go and he said, "Preach." He said, "Get a stump." He said, "And preach to the stump." He said, "Because God will provide somebody to sit on that stump and hear the message, right? Because the message is true. We're called to preach, right? We're called to preach and and God will provide the listener. you're you're called. And it goes down to each one of us lay members and preachers and whoever we are. If God asked you to do something, he provides a way for you to do it. And so he said, "Not the ravens this time to feed you, but I'm commanded a widow woman to sustain you and took him to the poorest of the poors." He's on he's down in the poor part of the city. He's across the tracks. He's on Skid Row. He's at the very bottom of the of the barrel. And she's probably sitting there thinking, "There's many people in the city that got more water, more food than me. All I got is for one day. They're at least going to live two or three days. I've got enough just for one day for me and my son. Oh my. And but he took him to her house and it was grace to her. Now I want you to understand what this message is. This message is not condemnation. It's grace. This message is not a book of rules. It's grace. It come to her like a book of rules. When she heard it, she it sound like something she had to do. But what it really was was grace. Yes. Oh, God. Her surrender was grace. That's what you don't realize. That's why so many people are afraid to surrender. They're afraid to give up what they have. But your surrender is actually grace. Because the moment you surrender, he's able to come in and fix what you can't fix. He's able to come in and be what you can't be. He's able to come in and live how you can't live. Yes. While you surrender to an almighty God, hallelujah. to Jehovah Gyra, your provider. Said, "I've commanded a widow woman to sustain you. I've commanded it. I've ordained it." And she didn't even have enough meal in the barrel for her and her son to live that day. He said, "Blessed be the name of the Lord." When God ordains anything, it's got to happen. It'll be there. God will meet it. I've commanded the widow to there to take care of you and sustain you. And she turns around. She starts to walk away. She's going to fetch it. Sometimes simple obedience is all he requires. She's making her way to the water. Hallelujah. How many of you when you begin to you made a decision in your life, you're going to make your way to the water. You're going to make your way to the place where God said repent and be baptized. So, I'm going to do it. I don't know what it'll do, but I'm going to do it. She was making her way to the water. As she made her way, hallelujah, he called to her and said, "Bring me a morsel of bread in thine hand." Well, that got her attention. See, he was asking her to do something that no reasonable person would do. Right. Yeah. Now, I I just want to bring this home to us. You young people remember this that she was asked to do something that no reasonable person would do. Yeah. And to do it, she had to be certain of God. Right. Right. She had to trust him with her life. Yeah. Oh my. See, so many people want to live for God or go with God when times are good and everything's going good and roses and the church is packed out and everything's good. It's easy to be a Christian then, but when times get lean and hard and you go through times like we went through with CO, that was tough, wasn't it? But did you give up? Come on, church. We didn't give up. We kept doing what we could do. We kept serving God the best that we could. We didn't give up. Why? Because it don't depend on the times and what's going on. There's something there was something about this woman that she knew she she could be certain of God. She knew that if he asked her to do something, he'd somehow provide and make a way. Listen, brother said she was of the same caliber as Elijah. He said it was strange that God would send a preacher to a widow's house. Yeah. Right. It don't look good. Yeah. But God sent him to a widow's house. Why did he do it that way? He sent him there because he said she was of the same caliber he was. Yeah. Right. Hallelujah. And he had he had a gift to speak. And we needed that gift. Well, look, look, we needed Elijah in our day, but we also needed somebody to hear it. As much as we needed Elijah, he needed the bride to hear it. What was it? He had a gift to speak and she had a gift to receive and to act on it, to believe it. Yeah. And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but a handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cru, and behold, I'm gathering two sticks that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it and die." Now, Brother Brandham says the meal was a type of Christ. He said every burr, he said the meal offering had to be ground in such a way that every burr, every every little piece of meal was exactly the same size. Yeah. Right. Because everything that constituted the meal had to be the same yesterday, today, and forever. And Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And there's healing. If you go back to Elisha, I believe it was was with the sons of the prophet and and there was death in the pot. You remember the story? And what did he do? He threw a handful of meal in the pot. He said, "Go ahead and eat it because the pot was healed." Yeah. Oh my. There's healing in Christ. There's healing in the meal which is the word Christ. Now oil types the Holy Spirit. We know that. And then the two sticks, Brother Brandham taught us was the cross. Yeah. Right. It was self-sacrifice. So listen, Elijah didn't come with meal. He didn't come with oil. He didn't come with sticks. She already had all of that. Yeah. He just told her how to put it together. That's good. Yeah. That's good. All he did was tell her, "Make a cake with it." Listen, brother Brandham didn't come with some new offering. He didn't come with some new idea. He didn't come with some strange word. What did he tell us? He said, "This is how you put it together. This is what it means in our day. This is the word for our day." Yes, sir. She had all the ingredients. She just needed the voice. Oh, we still need the voice today to tell her how to put it together. Cuz without that voice, she was going to die that day. Oh, church. Do we realize what the message of the hour means to us? We realize what the word of God means to us. Without the voice of God in our lives, our marriages will die. Our homes will die. Our churches will die. But if we have the word of God with us and in us, we will not die, but we will live is a sustaining power in the word. Are you with me tonight? A sustaining power in the in in putting all these ingredients together. She needed that voice. And then Elijah didn't just stop there, but he gave her a promise in First Kings 17:13. Elijah said to her, "Fear not. Go and do as thou hast said, but make me thereof a little cake first. bringing unto me an aftermake for thee and for thy son for thus sayaeth the Lord God of Israel. He wanted her to know this was God speaking the barrel of meal shall not waste neither shall the cruc of oil fail until the day that the Lord sendeth rain upon the earth. I know. I want you to notice that when she went in, she probably saw the same amount of meal, right? It's good, right? Right. The same amount of oil. But she was walking by faith and not by sight. Yeah. Oh my. So, she didn't she didn't look at that and say, "Well, I can't serve God because I won't be able to make it tomorrow." Right. But she walked in there and said, "Elijah said, [Laughter] Elijah said that if I would take the meal out and pour the oil out and put the spirit in the word together, all right, that if I would serve him today, right, there would be enough there for me tomorrow." Yeah. And if I'd serve him tomorrow, there'd be enough there for the next day. Joel, how would you make it for 52 years and be married for 52 years? because you just put into it today. Put the word of God and the spirit of God into the marriage today and tomorrow it'll be automatically renewed and the next day and the next week. That's how you make it. Come on church. It's a dayby-day experience. We don't worry about the things of tomorrow. Tomorrow will take care of itself. But just keep on doing what's right. Keep on doing what God keep on listening to the voice of Elijah. Putting those word that those ingredients together. Keep on coming to the house of God. And pretty soon you'll find that it'll never run out. That'll make you give you confidence, make you certain of God. When you look back down your life and you seen, God kept me through that trial and he kept me through that one. And I lost my job, but he kept me. And I lost this, but he kept me. I lost my loved ones, but he kept me anyway. Lost my health, but he kept me. Oh, come on. How many can testify with me tonight? I lost everything, but he kept me through it. And so, I know the cruise of oil never fails. I know there's always the spirit of God with me. I know there's always a barrel of meal that never gives out. Very good. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Notice how different the voice spoke to her than it did to Ahab. A lot of preachers don't recognize this. See, Brother Brandon told us, me, you, he said, I'm going to call you bride. And he speaks to the woman, the bride, very differently than he does to Ahab. He comes up to Ahab, points his finger in his face and said, "There won't be rain or dew till I call for it." Walks away. He comes to the woman and he says, "The barrel of meal won't waste." All right. So, the same Elijah that preached judgment to Ahab preached the promises to the bride. Just depends on what you identify with. It's hard to say what you identify as, but that's kind of dicey in this day and age. By the way, I know that Eve didn't eat an apple. It was a something to say this morning. if you don't know what happened, come to me and I'll I'll tell you. But notice the voice spoke differently to her than it did to Ahab. I think of the story that I can't remember who told him, maybe brother Billy Paul, but the man come out and said, "That man in that book called me a buzzard." Yeah. You know, that's funny because that man in that book called me an eagle. Just depends on what you I choose to identify as a part of the bride. And so the word to the bride is the promises of God. Yes. His promises are yay and amen. There's no negativity in it. He was wounded for our transgression, bruised for our iniquity, chastisement of our peace upon him. With his stripes, we were healed. Everything's in past tense. There's no negative at all in Christianity. It's all, someone say all. It's all positive, done, paid for. It's finished. He said again, he said, "Today, when we believe God with all our heart and accept his son, the Lord Jesus, and God recognizes that faith is true in him, then he sends back down the Holy Spirit of promise and seals us until the day of our redemption." He said, "My, that takes all the scare out of all of it. There's no negative thoughts at all in Christianity. Everything is past tense. It's already finished." Can we believe that today, church? The the the two sticks have already been provided. The meal has already been provided. The oil has already provided. We just needed a message to tell us how to put it together. Hallelujah. So Elijah come down to the widow woman and she he said, "Here's how to have church." I thought I'd get more amens than that. That's what he did. Here's how to have church. Put the oil and the and the and the meal together, the word and the spirit. and cook that on the cross. Still works today. Still works today. You want to have a good You want to have a good service, you take the oil and you take the meal and then you sacrifice yourself and let yourself go and surrender yourself to God. And what happens? He already paid the price on the cross. What happens? It begins to produce a sweet aroma to God. We begin to see God move among us. Oh, that's what we need, isn't it? We need that rain. We need that presence of God. See, you got to be certain. You got to be certain this message was for you. She had to be certain that Elijah, who spoke across the the gate, the one who spoke, she could say, "Oh, he's an old crank. He's just a just an old cult leader, just a man. What does he know?" But he spoke with a voice of authority. And it was something in her to receive it. You got to be certain that it's for you. Salvation is for you. Are you with me now? He died on the cross for you. healing is for you. Yeah. He said, "I'm so happy to know this one thing, friends, that Christ has no negative, nothing to it. Christianity has no negative, nothing to it. It's everything absolutely positive. A man that becomes a child of God has a positive hold on Calvary. And Calvary has a positive hold on him with the assurance by almighty God, by an oath to himself that he will raise him up in the last day and take him to glory. There's no if or or nothing. It's something that's positive." Yes. He said, "Now you can be mentally worked up or emotionally worked up and just imagine your faith." He said, "But when your spirit bears record with his spirit and your life compares with God's Bible, you got a pretty good conception. It's all as it peace." He said, "That's right." He said, "But if it don't compare with that, then you better come back again. See, if you don't love him, that's what we were talking about this morning. With all your heart, with all your soul, with your mind, if sin doesn't make you tremble at the thoughts of it, you better come back and be sure." He said, "You might have danced in the spirit. You might have spoken with tongues. You might have put your name on every church book in this city. You might have been baptized three times, forward, backward, sprinkled. He said that won't have one thing to do with it. Not one thing. You've got to be born again. Something that takes place in regeneration and you become a new creation. Old things has passed away and all things are beas has that happened to you, church. I know. I believe it has for most of us. I pray that would be everyone who comes through the doors. Old things has passed away. All things become new. You're a new look on everything. The birds sing different. your enemies you once couldn't stand. You love them. Well, we could stop there for a while. You really love them and everything's changed. Then you know you've passed from death. Very good. To life. She had to be sure. She had to be certain that this man was a messenger from God. Yeah. There can't be any doubt in your mind if you're about to make a life and death decision. Right? She had to be sure his words weren't idle words. But see, this just wasn't any prophet. This was a prophet like Samuel was a prophet, right? And the Bible says that Samuel grew and the Lord was with him and didn't, he said, did let none of his words fall to the ground. That's a prophet. Can God keep the message? If he keep Samuel's words, he can keep Elijah's words. Yeah. Huh? If he could keep if he could keep Samuel's words, he could keep Paul's words. If he could keep Paul's words, he could keep Elijah's words. See, you've got to be sure this message is right or you'll never live it. Oh my. You got to be certain of it. Yes. Now, now it's hard. And brother Brandon said the hardest thing God has ever gotten to do was to get one mortal to believe another. Yes. Now, you know that's true. True. I know a lot of us say, "Well, I wouldn't be influenced by an angel." If you thought it was a real angel, you would. Yes. Right. If you come down here on wings and and a great white robe, he come down here and just presence. You knew there wasn't a figment of an imagination. It wasn't something we projected on a screen. And he come down here started talking to you. But you know, even the devil can come as an angel of light. That's right. Right. He did that to uh to the the man in one of the reformers. He come to him and and uh he said he said he said, "I'm Christ. Worship me." And he threw an inkwell at him cuz he knew that when he comes like that, he's going to he's going to come and every eye will see him. But see, he comes, he can come as an angel of light. If you thought it was an angel, you'd believe it. But the reason you have a difficult time believing the message all of us sometimes do is because listen is because it's a man that preached it. But God only uses man. Right. Did you ever think that the no angels wrote the Bible? Right. Not one word of the scripture was written directly by an angel. That's right. Right. This isn't the Book of Mormon. Right. The Book of Mormon. They say, I I believe that's what they're they say is that the Book of Mormon, Jared, you you'd probably know the Book of Mormon was was written by angels and disappeared, you know, silver plates. I don't mean to mock them or anything, but that's not what we believe. Right. Right. We believe that God in sunundry times and in diverse manners spake to the fathers through the prophets. And what did he do? He actually he actually used men. Every word of it was written by a regular man. Yeah, good. And Moses, you know, people look at that and say, "Well, there's no way Moses could have been there." He didn't have to be. He was a prophet. All right. But Moses sat there. Moses sat there and started writing what Abraham did. Come on, church. I'm going to be brother Danny Semon before I'm done with I'm going to preach out of the Old Testament, you know. But, you know, that's it's true. You You know, it was written by men. It's hard to believe men. But now it's in book form. We say, "Well, that's the Bible." But what about a prophet today? Could you believe if God sent a prophet? You'd believe if he sent an angel, would you believe a prophet who was a vindicated prophet? We go a little bit further. Could you believe yourself? Yeah. Right. You know what you've done. It's easy to take a prophet and say, "Well, he was a good man and he was holy and God kept him and and all of that." But but there's only one holy and that's God. But you can say, "Well, he's he's all of these things. He was a prophet. God kept him." But what about you? Could you believe if you spoke the word that it would come to pass? That's what he's waiting on. Waiting on you to believe it. Amen. God speaks through man. But the brother said, "God only uses man to work with. He don't use organizations. He don't use machinery. He could have done it, but he chose a man. He could choose the stars, the wind, or anything to preach the gospel, but he chose man. He does not change himself. He's always the same. See, he will speak through the bride. I won't hold you much longer, but listen. He will speak through the bride. The Bible says in Jeremiah 33:10, "Thus sayeth the Lord again, there shall be heard in this place, which you shall which you say shall be desolate without man and without beast, even in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem that are desolate without man, without inhabitant, without beast." He said, "The voice of joy and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, sir, and the voice of the bride, the voice of them. I want to be one of them." How many want to be one of them tonight? I believe you are one of them. He said, "The voice of them that shall say," he said, "How many is them?" Well, it might be 20. It might be 50, might be a hundred, but it's them that say, "Praise the Lord of hosts, for the Lord is good, for his mercy endureth forever, and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. I will cause to return the captivity of the land as it the first Lord." Be certain he's God, and he will speak through you, the voice of the bride. He wants to hear your voice lifted in praise. Amen. Be certain he's God. The bride, listen, we've been taught will be the final voice under her messenger will be the final voice to the final age. Brother Brandon said, "What's she going to do?" Now, speaking of this gentile woman who was a type of the bride, the widow of Zarapath, what's she going to do? See if she's obedient to the word. Amen. She turns and starts not knowing why she's doing it. turned and started into the house. Then she heard that voice again, that glorious word come from his mouth. Thus sayeth the Lord, she knew who it was. Then the barrel will not be empty, neither shall the cruci until the day the Lord God sends reign on the earth. Why? She was willing to put God first. She was sure that God would do something. She held on. Many times trouble strikes our homes. It's blessing in disguisement. Some people might say, "Well, you're sick." It's because you're not right with God. That doesn't mean that. Job was right with God and he was sick. But it's God testing you, putting you to a test to see what you'll do. Maybe let the doctor say that for a purpose to see what you would do. He said, "We're near the coming of the Lord. God is coming for a church." He never asked in question. Will I have a church? Will I have righteousness? But here was the question Jesus asked. Will I find faith when I come? He said, "God is putting you to a test, maybe to try your faith and all of her trouble and death at the door turned." Listen, you could be one, thus saith the Lord. Yeah, there you go. From victory. All right. You You realize why we try to make sure every service matters. Yeah. They say all lives matter. Every service matters. Yeah, we want the very best, the best atmosphere that we want people to be there. We want we don't do that cuz we want to be hard on people, but we believe God can do anything in any service that almighty God can create such an atmosphere that'll birth children into the kingdom of God. And I don't know about you, but I got people I love that I'm praying for. I need to be I was we were at that memorial service. There's lots of folks there. Some of them listen to these services. Oh, that God would speak by the by the voice of the message of the hour and speak and vanish all the doubt. She was one. Thus sayaith the Lord. Very good. Come on. Glory to God. Away from turning. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. That's good. Said, "Thus say the Lord." And she turned. She and her son and Elijah eat many days from the barrel and it never did waste. Neither did the cruc because she was certain of God. There you go. All our doubt can vanish when we hear thus sayeth the Lord and recognize it's thus sayith the Lord. Maybe he won't say it in that way, but we know it's a word from God. Ahab didn't recognize it. He wasn't of that caliber, but she was. Hallelujah. See, when our hearts are turned, that was what happened to her. Her heart was turned. She said, she said, "I'm just going to cook my last meal and die." Can you imagine how depressed she must have been? Can you imagine how low she must have felt? She said, "I'm going to cook my last meal. This is it." I know you've heard this story. You sitting there saying, "Brother Ben, I've heard this preached many times." Yeah. But God put it on my heart for a reason. He had to. Yeah. She said, "This is it. This is all I got. Imagine how how hard and how dark that time must have been. She probably didn't sleep much. Got up early and went to the gate, not knowing she was one. Thus sayeth the Lord. Oh, church. You don't know what it is when you hear the voice of God. Yeah. Come on now. When you hear God speaking, I mean, when God speaks to you, not just you hear a preacher, you hear a tape, you hear, but when you hear God speak to you and you recognize that that the words on that tape, that wasn't just a man that said that, but that was God speaking through a man. That wasn't just a man that spoke in the pulpit. That was God speaking through a man. When you recognize it that it's the word of God, you're one thus sayith the thus sayith the Lord away from healing. One thus sayeth the Lord away from salvation of your kids. One thus sayeth the Lord away from being certain. Amen. Being certain that God is your healer. Being certain that your children will be saved. Being certain of your resurrection. I may go by way of the grave, but I'm certain. Hallelujah. These these bones Job was so certain. He said, "Though the skin worms destroy my body, yet in my flesh I will see God." Why? He was certain of God. And you have to be certain of that. Musicians, go ahead and come. Jesus was certain that the epileptic child would be healed. The disciples were passionate, but Jesus was certain. The disciples believed, but Jesus was certain. And the disciples come out there and had a Pentecostal meeting and just all and I love that, man. I I do. I think that many times that builds faith. But the devil didn't move because they were pretty sure that God could cast out epilepsy. But they didn't. They were missing something. Brother Brandon said they were missing the life. He said the devil wasn't scared of how loud you shout or how much you scream or how loud you pray. Said but the devil was scared of that life. And when Jesus walked up, he knew who he was. But the B said he believed who he was. He believed who he was. He knew he was without sin. There's a powerful revelation there, church. Brandon teaches it in perfect faith. He said Jesus knew that he was without sin. So what did he do? He walked up and and he and he he he cast the devil out of the baby. He said, "If thou cast believe, if thou cast." And I love the response of her father, the child's father. He said, "I believe. Help thou my unbelief." So, I'm not going to confess that I'm an unbeliever, but if there's any unbelief in me, take it out of me, Lord. I confess that I'm a believer, but where there's unbelief in me, remove it from the equation. And the disciples come to Jesus. They said, "Why couldn't we cast him out?" And he said, "Because this kind only comes out by the cross." self-denial, prayer and fasting, right? What was he saying? It was a life that was lived. Listen to me. I realize that we're not perfect. We're not sinless, but we've been made sinless. We've been made by the blood of God. If we can have confidence in the blood, the way he was confident in in in his birth and in his life and in what God made him. If we can have that kind of confidence in the blood, we know that all our sins are under the blood and we can speak to our mountain. He said, "If you really believe it, it'll begin to move. It may move one pebble at a time, but it'll move if thou can't believe." And his response was, "Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief." How many could say that with me tonight? Lord, I believe. I'm certain that you're God. I'm certain you can do it. Help my unbelief. Oh, hallelujah. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for this word tonight. We thank you for the message of the hour. We thank you for a certain sound, Lord. Something that can come forth that's right. Oh God, I pray you'd help us to be sure of it tonight. Where there's any doubt, take it out of us. Where there's any equivocation, Lord, maybe we're doing something that we shouldn't be doing and and we know that it's wrong. Help us to just let go of it, Lord. Help us to just quit right now. Lord, whatever it is, and just begin to walk in the word because we know your word is true. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. I pray for overcoming power in every life and every heart. Lord, we believe. help thou our unbelief. Pray you'd grant it now. Pray you'd meet all these requests that were made. We love you and we thank you. We invite your presence here with us as we worship you now at the end of the service. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All is well. Could you make that your testimony? Can you be certain of God tonight? Let's stand together. All is well. Hallelujah. Oh, we have heard the message shalom and all is well. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Lord. Oh, there is a place of perfect rest behind the end. prevail. Oh soul rest. Oh, that's what we want to do today. Rest in your healing. Rest in the certain word of God. All is well. Sing it again with all your heart. If you have a need, we'd be glad to pray with you tonight. Oh yes, all is well. Oh, I thank you. All is well this morning, Lord, this evening. Thank you for Jesus. All is well. Thank you Lord. Oh we have heard the message shalom. Hallelujah. Oh we thank you Lord Jesus is well. All is well. Oh yes there is a place of perfect rest. Thank you Lord. behind the inner veil. So rest little bride rest for all is well. Oh yes, all is well. all on is [Music] well. Oh, we have heard the message long and all is well. Oh, there is a place. Thank you, Lord. A perfect rest behind behind the veil. Oh, so rest. Hallelujah. Little bride. What rest for all is well. Aren't you glad it's all well this tonight? Hallelujah. There's a story in the Bible of Elijah, the Shunivite woman and her son. Oh, the woman found favor with God, so he gave her a son. Oh, while working in the field, the little boy died. But the woman's faith never failed. Even in death, she testified that all is well and all is [Music] well. All is well. Oh, we have heard the message shalom. Artists are gifted and all is well. Oh, there is a place of perfect rest behind invail. [Music] So rest. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. His way. Can we just believe for what we have need of tonight? Why don't you just raise your hands to him? He's here in the building. Why don't you just raise your hand to him? Say, "Lord, I'm certain that you're God. I'm certain that you're God. Bring peace in my mind. Peace in my mind." I know the devil attacks our elders in their minds and tries to make them think that they're losing their mind or or they're getting too old or they're no use or no good. May the devil be cast out today and and you begin to recognize you're of value in the house of God. Oh, I pray that would be so. Whatever you have need of, just receive it from him right now. Heavenly Father, we love you. We thank you for coming among us tonight. I pray that you'd move for every one of our people, Lord. For our elders, for our young people, oh God, for our middle-aged, Lord, I pray you'd move right now, God. cast away every spirit of fear, every spirit of depression, oh God, every spirit of anxiety. May there be freedom in the house of God, or they can worship with all of their heart. I pray you grant it, Lord. We love you and we thank you for it. In Jesus name we pray. Hallelujah. Oh, he's here tonight. Just receive from him as brother Joel comes. All is well. Hallelujah. Oh, all is well. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. Oh, we we have heard. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Shalom for all and all of this world. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you, Lord. Oh, there is a place, a perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest little bride. Rest for all is well. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. Amen. I like this one here. His strength is [Music] perfect when our strength is gone. He'll carry us when we cannot carry on. We're raised in his power. The weak become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. Oh, with all your hearts now like you mean it. His strength is perfect when our strength is gone. [Music] And he'll carry us when we cannot carry on. Oh, we're raised in his power. The weak become strong. His strength is [Music] perfect. His strength is perfect. Oh, and it's already [Music] done. Hallelujah. It's already done. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's all I'll sing it like you made it now. Oh yes. Oh, the word has been revealed. Halleluah. The word has been revealed. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory. Oh, you believe it's won tonight. It's already done. Oh, by faith we say, I've already made it. Glory. Hallelujah. I've already made it. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. Oh, I like this one here. Oh yes, I'm all Oh, anybody need healing here tonight? Hallelujah. I'm already healed. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. Can we claim our families now? Oh yes. My family is sealed. Oh hallelujah. My family is sealed. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. One more time. It's already done. Let me hear you now. Oh, it's already done. Oh, hallelujah. It's already done. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. If you believe it, can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. Can we just say by faith, it's already done. He's already provided a way. Well, I'm one of them with all our hearts now in the key of G. Well, I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say or can you say that tonight? I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can't say I'm one of them. Well, there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a plain with the fire that fell at Pentecost was cleansed and made them clean. Well, it is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad. I can't say I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say, "Oh, and though these people may not learn me or boast of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost, baptized in Jesus' name, and are telling now both far and wide, his power is yet the same." I'm so glad. Oh, clap your hands and sing it now. Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so [Music] glad. Oh, yes, we are. I'm one of them. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad. I can't say I'm one of them. Well, they were gathered in the upper room all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and power for service came. Oh, now what he did. Oh, do you believe he's still doing it for us tonight? Oh, I'm so glad. I can't say I'm If you're one of them, let me hear you sing it now. I'm one of them. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad. Oh, yes. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can't say I like this one. Well, come out, brother. Seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul a flame. But it is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad. Oh, one more time. Let's sing with all our hearts now. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad. Oh, can we do it one more time? Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can't say I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. Yes, we are. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad. One of them. Somebody give the Lord some praise tonight. Are you one of them? I mean, that ought to make us the happiest people on the face of the earth. We are one of them. They can call you a holy roller. They can call you what they want to. But one of these days they're going to call us gone. And we can say we're one of them. You know, they're going to look at be like, "Hey, they were one of them." Because we're going to be gone. Aren't you glad about that? Did you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. Amen. We're going to let you go. We're not going to hold you any longer, but uh you're free to go. We're going to sing this just until we get out of here. We're just going to keep singing it. Amen. And just go believeing I'm one of them. Amen. If you got somebody on your heart this week, pray for somebody. Keep, you know, keep the services in prayer. Wednesday night back here at 7:00. Amen. Just keep just keep remembering one another in prayer and lifting each other up before the Lord. Amen. But we could just go here singing. Say, "I'm one of them." With all your hearts now, as you go, be sure to shake somebody's hand. God bless you. Till we see you again. Well, I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad. I can't say I'm one of them, but I'm one of them. But I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Well, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can't say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them.
