################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - The Greatest of These is Love  Bro. Joel Pruitt 52125 - Joel Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-22
Title:    "The Greatest of These is Love"  Bro. Joel Pruitt 5/21/25
Speaker:  Joel Pruitt
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9l0ZV7X0IU
========================================

Description:
"The Greatest of These is Love" Bro. Joel Pruitt 5/21/25 
Wednesday Night
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you. Let's go. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. Let's try that again. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all once again. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and rise above it all. Amen. It's going to be a tough one for my first song out. Amen. You love the Lord this evening. Amen. Welcome everybody everybody into the house of the Lord. Let's sing that song if we could. Key of C at Calvary. Years I spit in vanity and cried, caring not. My Lord was crucified. Knowing not it was for me he died on Calary for mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calary by God's word at last my sin I learned then I trembled at the law I spir till my guilty soul and poor return to calary Oh, for mercy there was great, grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burdens all found liberty at Calary. [Music] Now I've given to Jesus everything. Now I gladly own him as my king. Now my raptured soul can only be sing of calary. Oh mercy there was great and grace was free. heart. There was [Music] multiplied at Calary last verse and know the love that true salvation plan. Oh, the grace that brought it down to man. Oh, the mighty hope that God did spend at Calary. Oh, mercy there was great, grace was free, heart there was multiplied to me. bear my burden soul found liberty at Calary. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of [Music] [Applause] praise. Amen. Amen. Y'all are singing good this evening. And we got brother Joel speaking for us tonight. So just be praying for him. And again, just remember there'll be one service this coming Sunday. Uh but before the Memorial Day holiday there, there'll just be one service Sunday. So, be remembering that. Let's sing that song uh key of C as well. I have decided to follow Jesus. Amen. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. I won't turn back. I won't turn. I've started the kingdom and I have started. For the kingom and I have started. For the kingom and I have started for the kingom I won't turn back. I won't turn back. Last verse. Though none go with me, still I will follow. Though none go with me, still I will follow. Though none go with me, still I will follow. No turning back. And let's sing. I have decided one more time. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No [Music] turn. Amen. If you made that your decision this evening. Amen. Same key. Holy Spirit fall on this place. Holy Spirit fall on this place. Father fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Holy Spirit, fall on this place. Can we make that our prayer tonight? Holy Spirit, follow this place. Father, fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit fall on this place. Once again, Holy Spirit fall on this place. Father, fill us with love and grace. Shine your anointing on every face. Oh, Holy Spirit, fall on this place. Amen. Is that your desire this evening? Amen. We'll go ahead and ask our ushers to come this evening as we take up the tithes and the offering. Amen. We don't have any um written or prayer requests. Remember, there's a lot out traveling. I know my family's out. some of my family's out traveling, Allison and Stewart, Caleb and Sophie and several others with Ben and his wife. So, just be praying for them uh just to give them safe and traveling mercies. And then all those that'll be traveling around the holiday for Memorial Day, just be praying for them. If you have an unspoken request, you want to make it known by the lifting of your hand. We ask our brother David take these needs for us tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just come before you tonight and Lord, just thank you for the day. Thank you for your blessings, your goodness unto us today, Lord. Just want to give you our appreciation, Lord. As we gather together, Lord, to worship you. Just thank you for this time. Just as you come down, maybe service the request, Lord, different needs among us, several out traveling, on vacation and things. Lord, just keep your hand upon them as they're traveling. Lord, just you know the needs among us, Lord. Each and every one, Lord, just move on their behalf. Bless this offering, Lord, that we use him for your glory, Lord. Just bless our service, Lord. Bless our brother Joel, Lord. Just use him for your glory, Lord. This anointing, speak through him, Lord. Just may you just move in, move through him, Lord, and speak through us, Lord. And just ask you to have your way tonight as we worship in Jesus name. Amen. King be seated as the ushers come by. Found in his lightness to hear him say, "Well done someday." Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his lightness. To hear him say, "Well done someday." Can we lift our hands and sing it again? Oh, I just want to please the [Music] Lord. Be in his will in every [Music] way. To be lost in his presence, found in his lightness. to hear him say, "Well done [Music] someday." Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song, Key of G. He's alive and well. Oh, he's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the [Music] same. Oh, he's the same [Music] yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Oh, he's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Music] Oh, he's the same [Music] yesterday, today and forever. Jesus is alive. And let's sing that to him once again. Oh, he's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord Jesus is alive and well. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. For I can never ever out love the Lord. Let's sing that to him again. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love for I can never ever out love the Lord. Amen. You going to sing this song, Shine on Me. I think it's the key of G as well. Amen. Won't you sing this to him? Oh, shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me, Lord. Shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, shine on me, Lord. Shine. [Music] Oh, let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Amen. Is that your desire this evening? If you want to go ahead and stand with me. Amen. We'll go ahead and prepare to change the order of the service. Invite our brother Joel to come this evening. Amen. Just be praying for our brother. God will just move upon him. Amen. Just speak to our hearts tonight. Just remember the announcement. There'll just be one service Sunday. Amen. So, be praying for that service there. Let's sing that song if we could as we invite Brother Joel to come. Jesus is the sweetest name I know. And I believe it's the KFC. Amen. Jesus is the sweetest name I know. [Music] And he's just the same as his lovely name. Oh, and that's the reason why I love him so. [Music] Oh, for Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Sing it one more time. Oh, and Jesus is the sweetest name I know. [Music] And he's just the same as his name. Oh, and that's the reason why I love him so. for Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Amen. As they continue to play that, I wonder if you have a need on your heart tonight. Amen. If you would just make it known by an uplifted hand. Amen. You believe he's here to meet our needs tonight. Heavenly Father, as we come before your throne this evening, I would just ask, Lord, you would move every thought out of the way, Lord, that would be unlike you. I pray, Lord, you would just move upon the people here tonight, Lord, may there just be a an atmosphere of worship here, Lord, to invite you to come by and speak to our needs. I ask, Lord, that whatever the situation would be behind every hand that was raised, every need, Lord, I pray you would just walk down the aisles tonight, Lord, and meet every need. we pray move upon this church Lord be in this service we ask be with every word that's spoken Lord everything that's done we pray be for your glory and for your honor in Jesus name amen how many's happy to be in church tonight amen on a on a nice Wednesday night it was beautiful day on the outside and we're just ready to worship on the inside so if you have your Bibles tonight we'll get right into the word 1 Corinthians chapter 13 it's a very very familiar chapter I think to all of us but 1 Corinthians chapter 13 and verse one and we'll read the entirety of the chapter if that's okay with y'all man some of y'all are okay with it 1 Corinthians chapter 13 Amen though I speak with tongues with the tongues of men and of angels and have not charity I am become as a sounding brass or a tinkling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and though I have all faith so that I could move remove mountains and have not charity, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and have and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profitth me nothing. Charity suffereth long and is kind. Charityth charity envyth not. Charity vonneth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly. seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil, rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoicth in the truth. Can you say amen? Amen. Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things. Charity never faileth. But where there are be prophecies, they shall fail. Where there be tongues, they shall cease. Where there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. For we know in part, we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even as also I am known, and now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three, but the greatest of these is charity. And you may be seated. May the Lord add his blessings to the word tonight. And we know that uh charity, the word there, if you go back to the original on that one, it's a goppel love. It is not a fileio love, but it's a it's a true it's a godly love. And uh can you say amen to that? If you know that tonight. And so we know it's it's it's a perfect love. It's more than just the love you have for your spouse. It's more than the love you have for your children because that can uh you you could say you can be in love one day and out of love the next. But in this love here, it's an eternal love. It's it's not just like that. You can't think you can't think of it as in those terms. Although that's a good love. That's it's good. You've got to you must love your husband or your wife or whatever the case may be. You've got to love your children and all those that's it's a good love. It's a very good love, but it's a jealous love. It's got it's got parts of it that is that is not correct. It's got things in that love that is not true to where real love, real godly love, it it it it doesn't it doesn't boast. It doesn't uh it doesn't covet and and it doesn't get its feelings hurt because there's no feelings there to get hurt because it's not based on feelings or emotions, but it's actually a godly love. Can you say amen? Amen. Because a natural love, you can get hurt by somebody that that they say, "I love you one minute and they can talk behind your back the next." And and they may really love you, but they but there's humanity involved. And so maybe they make a mistake and then you uh being the the other human in the equation, you could say, "Well, they didn't really love me." And you can question that love. But the love of God is eternal. Can you say amen? And the love of God, there is no questions whether he loved me or whether he didn't love me. I mean, he died for the lowest sinner in the building. And I believe with all my heart tonight that the love of God endures until the very end of time and and even into eternity. So uh you know it in Strong's concordance it says charity is love. It's an agopel love. It's an affection or benevolence. And he's it's a love feast dear and love. And he and it goes on like that. And so if you think of this tonight, don't think of the love that brother Brandon would actually say if you had a certain type of love, it would be uh you know a love for your wife. If a if a man tried to come in to your home or something, you'd shoot that man. You know, because you're protecting that's the kind of love you have for your family. But but this kind of love, if you have this kind of love in your heart, you'd pray for that person. That's hard to think of, but it's a godly love. It's it's it's more than a human thinking and love. So, Brother Brandon would say it like this, and I believe this is true. Yet today, if there is anything that the world is dying for today is love. Can the church say amen? He said, "In my travels, I find that that uh that that is the rejected stone that keeps the building from being fit together where the assemblies and the church of God and the Baptist and Methodists will shake hands and be brothers if they just had the love one for the another, one for another." That is the great need the world is dying for. And God is love. He said, "Now you find it in the church that what hindered the church has been the wrong conception of love." And he said, "Now there is two different types of love. That's real love. One of them, the Greek word is called agapo. That's God's love. And then a a perverted love from that is felio love, which means human love. And he said it comes from the word fellowship. The filelio love is what you have for your wife. And a man might flirt with her or insult her like we just said and and it would make you uh you know shoot the man or whatever. But he said agapo love would make you pray for his sinful soul. That's the difference between the two loves. God's love is the beginning of love. It's the foundation. It's the fountain of love. And the church today is lacking in that. I do think we have I do think, you know, we have we have love for our families and we have love for for for all those things. But what we really need more than ever is love for God and his word and and for one another because you you you can't you can't say you love God and hate your brother. Can you say amen? Amen. If you really love God and have the love of God in your heart, then then it really it makes you look past him and I believe the scripture says love covers a multitude of sin. Amen. So if you see somebody doing wrong instead of instead of be, you know, hating that person, love will make you go after that person in a in a loving way and and you know it it's different. It's different to to to say the if you speak the word, it could be true. Uh maybe whatever you say to a person can be a truth, but if it's said in anger, then it will have no effect on that person other than driving them farther from the church. But well, Lord, help me. I I say, you know, what we need tonight is the truth preached, but in love. And so it's it's right to preach the truth. It's right to say the truth, but make sure your motives are right, and make sure it's always done in love. Can you say amen? Amen. the pastor can stand here and preach to you and maybe preach hard things to you, but if you know the pastor loves you, it's easier to take it, isn't it? Amen. So, you want to you want to have confidence with the people and and you want the people to know you love them. And the only way to do that is not to just, you know, it's not to just show up and say you love people, but you need to mean what you say. And then you can really you can really express that love. And listen, love is not something you can just you can pretend to have. Eventually, people will know if you really love them or not. Amen. Can you say amen? And and and yet my love for you could fail and your love could me for me could fail because it's human love. But if we really have the love of God in our hearts, then it is more fellowship than just us getting together. But it's a real bond of brotherhood. Can you say amen? So brother Brandon would say it like this. He says he said that's what's lacking. If we only had that kind of love, there'd be a revival sweep this nation from coast to coast and from north to south. And the reason that we do not have that love, the main reason is the church is not progressing like it should. Now, I know that America has turned down the revival and America is not going to have a national revival. But I would say if our church needs revival, then we need love in the church. Can you say amen? Amen. So, we go on like this and brother Brandham said, "If you dwell in love, you dwell in God, for God is love. They that dwell in God dwell in love." See, and love has no hatred. Can you say amen? Love, we're talking about a godly love. Godly love is not jealous. Love is not puffed up. It does not behave it misbehave itself. Love is always gentle, sweet, forgiving, kind. No matter how bitter the others is, love remains itself. So matter no matter how bad your enemy hates you, no matter how bad they talk about you on Facebook or no matter how bad they're running you down in the community, if you've got godly love, it'll make you pray for the person instead of trying to get even with a person. Can you say amen? Brother Joel, why you preaching this tonight? Because this is something I've had to fight myself because growing up it was always get even. And we we shouldn't be that way. We shouldn't be that way. And many times, you know, you can say the truth and you got to be careful how you say it because if you're naturally a real real forceful person or you say something that maybe comes across wrong, you got to watch yourself and say, "Lord, I want the people to know that I care for them. I do really love the people." and you don't want to come across like you don't love them or the people are never going to listen to you. And so I want to tell you tonight that it's not about me, but we do need for each other. Amen. The love of God shed abroad in our hearts. Can you say amen? And so, Brother Brandon would go on like this. He said, "Love is the ultimate of grace." Love is God's ultimate for us after all other gifts and things has vanished. Amen. You You can have prophecy in the church. A and one person, Brother Brandham talked about the two men that spoke in tongues. He said one of them was a real Christian and the other one when that first meeting he went to and he said the other one was a real hypocrite. And so what you've got, you know what you you could have a gift fall on somebody. Amen. A man could stand here and preach the gospel and have no love in him. Amen. But you've got to have love to have an effect on the people. You've got to love one another in order to help somebody. Can the church say amen? He said in all the prophecies and the tongues are interpretations, all we've ever done or what more. When love comes in, it's the ultimate. It's above all because love, love never fails. All other fails. He said it's a it's the tiepost. It's the north star that keeps the the seaman level. He said the compass that guides us. And love is the ultimate. So I want to say tonight, I believe love is the main thing. And so the greatest of all the gifts, the greatest of everything you could seek after. Amen. He said, I would rather have a church that didn't know nothing about the gifts, but was so in love with each other. Can you say amen? Amen. You could get up and and you could shout and you could run and you could speak in tonesues. Amen. And and and God send it all to the church. We need it all. Amen. But the greatest you need is love because you can stand up and speak in tongues and treat your neighbor bad and you know better than the person that's never spoke in tongues. You can get up and preach a sermon, but if you're treating people like the devil, then you need to go back to the altar again. Preacher or no preacher. You've got to have love in your heart. And it's got to be a godly love. Can you say amen? Amen. All other things will fail. Brother Brandon would say it like this. Love, God's love, love is the most powerful thing that there is in the world. It conquers anything. He is love. He said by this you shall conquer. By love divine, loving one another, loving the con the loving the cause of God. Loving Christ, loving suffering humanity. That's how you conquer. You can't conquer by always just being quickteered. You can't always conquer a a devil by by by having a devil in you rise up and going after another devil. Satan can't cast out Satan. You try to you trying to cast out a spirit of hate by by hate. That ain't going to work. Come on, church. These are basic things here tonight. But you've got to have love. And what the church is waiting for to cap the entire age is love. And so I would say tonight, Amen. Brother Brandon would talk, excuse me, brother Brandon would uh would would quote this scripture. And I I went to Matthew 5:13 and and Jesus said, "You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt have lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted? It is henceforth good for nothing but to be cast out and to be trodden underfoot of men." Amen. So you are the salt of the earth. Listen, you you can't find love anywhere outside of a Christian because they don't know what love is. Amen. Look at the perversion of love now and the Hollywood love and they'll say, "I've got we got love. We don't we don't like hate speeches from a from a certain party or a president. Amen. But they can be married four or five times and and running off on their wife and stuff. And they call that love. That's a perversion of true love because that what they what the world calls love. I want you to know tonight, it's not true love. Amen. The fairy tales you listen to and the movies you watch, that's not true love. But what you what you'll see is if you read your Bible, when a man went and died for you, that's true love. Because the man could have stood there and said, "It's more important that I live than you." But no, he laid down his life so that you could live. That's love. Brother Brandon would say it like this. You never cast out a devil by the wrong attitude. It takes love to do that. Can the church say amen? And love is the most powerful force that there is in the world. You just start loving somebody that dislikes you and watch how they start to react. Yeah. If you really love somebody, they can tell that you love them. And he goes on like this. Love is the most powerful force. He said, "Now, if you notice, a devil is always hate." So, if you if you find yourself hating all the time, that's one thing to hate sin because the Bible teaches us to do that. But you don't hate the sinner. If you find yourself hating people, anybody, sinner or saint, brother Brandham said, you'll find yourself in danger of hellfire. What can the church say? Amen. Because we don't hate people. You listen, you don't know who is and who isn't. Your best friend may not be a Christian, but the person on the corner of the street that's a drug addict might be the last one that needs to come in. Come on, church. We need more love. And love is not just something, like I say, it's not a perverted love. Because, you know, sometimes we come out of things and you hate where you came from. You hate your past and you hate it so much that you throw the baby out with the bathwater and you can't even go back there and remember there was some good things you learned in your childhood. There was some good things that were in your past, but you've got so much hate for what did happen that you can't see good no more. It It's like I I heard a person one time say they said, "Well, we used to be in a church that shouted and run." Amen. But the pastor was a hypocrite. And I got to thinking about that. Yes, that that that's very possible. Amen. There could be an anointed service and the man in the pulpit could be an absolute devil. And yet at the same time, that doesn't mean the anointing wasn't there. That doesn't mean that the word preached wasn't true. Amen. So you say, "Well, I'll never go to church because there's a hypocrite there." Be careful. You might never go back with yourself. Every one of us have fallen short. Every one of us have. Every one of us have done something wrong that we needed forgiveness for. The best Christian in here, Jesus had to die for you. The ultimate love had to be paid for your sins. So, Brother Brandon would go on like this. And I hope this is okay tonight. This has been on my heart for a while and I and and I thought, well, you know, it's too simple. But you know what? Sometimes we just need to love one another. Love will cover a multitude of sins. When you start seeing people pick at one another in the church, all they need is more love. When you start seeing people that that that are getting offended easily, all they need is more love. Because love will bring forgiveness. Love will bring Come on, church. Love will bring about a lot of things. And it'll bring faith to you. You say, "Well, I need healing." what you need. Listen, brother Brandon would say that God heals by love. That's right. Think about it. In order to have perfect faith, you got to have perfect love. Say, "Well, I wish I had more love." Well, we all wish we had more love. And we need more love. And and then, well, I wish I had more perfect faith. You can't have one without the other because Brother Brandham would say it like this. They're twins. You've got to have both of them in order for it to be perfect. So, you say, "Well, I have faith in this message." Well, if you have faith in this message and you love the message that God sent. Amen. So, you've got it starts with love. It's the beginning. It's the fountain of all is love. Can you say amen? I hope y'all are with me tonight so far. Amen. Brother Brand would say it like this. You remember that Jesus said his sermon when when he prayed in his prayer, he said, "Father, thou who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name." And he goes on down. He says, he says, "And you don't forgive from your heart, forgive every man his trespasses, neither does your heavenly father forgive your trespasses." Listen, he said, "You mustn't do that." You say, "Well, I want forgiveness and and I need grace and all." Well, you better remember, somebody had to love you or you couldn't be sitting here tonight. Somebody had to love me or I couldn't stand here tonight. Come on, church. Somebody had to love you in order to save you from the past that you were living. It all started with love. Brother Brandon would go on down. He said it. He said the first thing the Pentecost produced was brotherly love. He's talking about the Pentecostals at Acts. He said it tore down the middle wall of partitions and made a brotherhood. He said such a way that everything in common and the Bible says a brotherhood. Paul spoke of the brotherhood and he gave all the gifts of the Pentecostal church and then said in 1 Corinthians 13 that though I speak with tongues as men and angels and have not this love which brings the brotherhood, I am nothing. And though I have the knowledge to understand all the mysteries of God, I'm still nothing without love. The love of the brethren. Jesus said this will all men know that you're my disciples when you have love one for the other. He said Pentecost had that speaking of the Pentecost the meaning the first group of the apostles and disciples. And he said he he and listen now that the the scriptures he's referring to there is they were in one accord in one place. Now it took love for them to be in one accord. And and if we want the same experience we need to be in one accord. And it's going to take love to do that. Have you ever come into a service and you and you've had utter in your heart against somebody an indifference against somebody? Listen, if that's there, it'll hinder your experience in the service. So, we've got to love that person. Lay that aside. Come on, church. You say, "Are you pointing out somebody?" No. I'd say I'm the first person that needs to be pointed at. I've been guilty of walking in and and and thinking something about somebody and well, I don't know if they're really a Christian or I don't know what. Listen, it ain't up to me to judge people. It's up to me to love people. God will bring in those who are supposed to come in and those who don't will be here. But let me tell you something. God is love. And if we are in God, then we will love one another. Can the church say amen? Brother Brandon would go on like this. He quotes him. He said they had brotherly love. They wasn't greedy. They sold everything they had for the furthering of the church. They was so together till even when one had heard the other one died. They said, "Let us go die with him." Such a feeling now. And Paul said in Hebrews 13:1, "Let brotherly love continue." Amen. We don't want to backslide. Like um you think about the Ephesian church and and how they they did run well, but then they they backslid and and they were in a lukewarm condition. Listen, don't let that happen to us tonight, church. We want to keep going forward. And every step we take, we don't want to take two steps backwards and then say, "Well, I need more love in my life." I say if you need more love, there's more love for you to have tonight. Amen. I believe that what we need tonight is is not so much more head knowledge and and not so much more understanding of the mysteries, but we need to have love one for the other because you can know a lot and not have love and it won't do you no good. We we can understand the message. You can study the message. You can listen to the message, but if you don't have a love in your heart for the things of God, Amen, it's just a it's just a background noise. or uh you know you can come to church and well I'm checking my box today. Listen church, we're not doing that. We come because we love him and we love him because he first loved us. And if we know he loves us then then that that that creates a love back to him. You know even our worship it's a love it's returning a gift because the gift of love is in us. And so brother remember going like this he said let brotherly love continue. He was quoting Hebrews 13:11 and he said that was in the first church but something taken place and there was a fellow come in by the name of Palmerworm. He's talking about the restoration and then he said and and I will restore 1957 he said there was one named by Palmerworm and when he began to eat on that vine of brotherly love he cut the very sapline of it because it don't make any difference how smart we are how much we think we know or how much we want to be different from somebody else. As long as that brotherly feeling isn't among us, we are fighting a losing battle. Can the church say amen? That's right. He said, "We can't win. There's no way for us to win." So, if you want to win the battle tonight, you've got to have love. Can you say amen? So, I you know, and and understanding the kind of love we need is so important because listen, church, everything that we do, it it it matters. That's right. When you when you do something in the world, people see you. And of course, you know, as a human, you're going to make mistakes. And many times, somebody's going to accuse you and say, "Well, you don't have love." Or somebody's going to say, "Well, you you they're going to accuse you of a lot of things." And and and but you know, let's check up with God and make sure that we're treating everybody right because you may have a neighbor you can't stand, but you still have got to love them anyway. Well, can you say amen? Right now, I'm going to get to one here in a minute where brother Brandham says, "It's a devil to dislike somebody." I like that one because I've always wanted to be liked. And so, Brother Brandham would go like this. He said, "If that brotherly feeling isn't there, there's no way for us to win." Brother Brandham tells a story. You've all heard it, but for you young people, you've all heard the story of the killer bull. Have you heard the story of the killer bull? Some of you have. I'll tell I'll tell you just my version of it. Brother Brandon was going to pray uh for a sick person. I can't believe if it was a child or not, but he's going to pray for a sick person and he was a game warden and he was supposed to carry a gun with him. And this day he didn't have his gun, so he takes off through this pasture and he'd forgot that there was a bull that had killed a man and and so they sold him and they put him in this pasture down here, I guess, to just graze him out or whatever. And so, Brother Brandon cuts off down through this pasture and he gets about 200 yards in. He said there's no trees or nothing for about 200 yards, no fences. And he said, "That bull stands up out there in the bushes and starts coming towards him." And he said, "You know, there's no way to outrun him. He's going to he's going to catch me." And and I I put some of this in here. And he said he said it was a fine species of an animal, but the but he was just a killer bull. He had he'd dig his horns in the dirt and he'd come after you and and he was just a he was a bad bad animal, you know? So, and he'd have made a fine steak, but he was a bad animal. And so, man, y'all are hard tonight. But all all you vegetarians wouldn't laugh. He'd have made a fine steak with a side of salad. And so, Brother Brandham goes walking through this field and and that killer bull's there. And I like what he what he did. He said he said uh instead of started to run or scream, he said, "I loved that animal." He said, "I felt sorry." Because he said, "I disturbed that animal." Right. And he said, you know, that bull come running at him with his head down and his put his he said he got about 20 yards from him and he said then he just started running and he dug them hooves in the in the dirt and he said he he said you know he said instead of being scared he said I felt love for the animal because he said after all this is where he lived and it was his place and and of course brother Brandham was that type of guy. you know, it seemed like he loved nature and and he he always said that was because of his, you know, his Indian uh background and things, but he said, "I am the servant of the Lord and I charge thee in the name of the Lord." Talking to the bull now. "I charge thee in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, our creator, that you go over there and lay down." And he said, "Here come the bull coming right on me." So, but somehow, he said, I wasn't a bit more afraid than I am right here before lovely Christians. He got within about 10 feet of where I was standing. He said, 'I just stood there looking at him, not more afraid than I am. And he talks about a little lady sitting there more than this little meek-l looking lady sitting here. He said, and he run right to me, and when he got right up close to me, he just throwed his feet out and stopped and he looked this way, looked around so depleted, turned around, walked over and go laid down under the bush. What did it? He said, "The trouble of it is people are scared today." Now, you say, "Well, that's just a story." But brother Brandham actually uh refers back that there's scripture for that because in 1 John 4:18, there is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear. Now, that that doesn't mean you go into a bear cave and you you you just stand there and stare down the bear. But what it is, if you find yourself in a situation, and I hope you hear me tonight, where you need a mountain moved, if you have love of the the love of God in your heart, you won't be fearful of it, but you'll have faith rise up and the mountain will move. So love creates a faith in you. And I hope this is okay tonight, but if you listen to the message, Perfect Faith, you'll find that brother Brandham actually ties these two together. And you can't have the faith that you need until you have love. Right. And so in in in 1 John 14 4:18 it said there is no fear in love but perfect love cast out fear because fear hath torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. And in verse 19 it says we love him because he first loved us. If a man say I love God and hateth his brother he is a liar. For he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen. How can he love God whom he hath not seen? Amen. So perfect love will cast out the fear that is haunting you. Can you say amen tonight? Amen. You say, "Well, I'm sick and I'm scared." Amen. Love will cast out the fear of the sickness that's on you. Because if you love God, then you know that God is love and God will take care of his own. Can the church say amen? Amen. So, what we need tonight, if you need healing, it starts with love. If you need if if you need to get over that bitterness, it starts with love. Come on, church. If you need something for your children to be saved, listen, everybody wants their kids to come back. But you got to love them back. Come on, church. You You can't go after him and say, "You you know better than that. You you do this and you do that and and come at him with the law." Because if somebody would to come after you like that, you wouldn't be sitting here tonight. But it takes love. Come on, church. What we need tonight is more love among us. And the love of God will bring souls back to the house of God. It's human nature to want to go after them with force. It's human nature to want to go get our kids and bring them back or your kids and bring them back. I've got family, brothers and sisters. I I'd love to just go get them by the ear like, you know, it used to happen as a child myself and and just get them by the ear and drag them into church. But listen, it wouldn't do no good. But if you could love them back, then they might come back. And if you love them, you can say, "Lord, I'm giving them to you. I love you and you love me and every Come on, church. What we need is love. And you will see, amen, your loved ones coming back. Amen. But hate will never win nobody. Can you say amen? Amen. Disliking them and saying, "Well, you they know they're like the world." Most of the time, they know they're a sinner more than you know they're a sinner. They know more about themselves than you do. But what we need is to love them. You listen, you don't have to agree with them, but you do have to love them. And love will cover a multitude of sins. You say, "Well, I don't want to go join up with them." You don't have to join up with them. Live a good Christian life in front of them and watch them want to be like you. Because the truth is, it's not nearly as good out in the world as people make it make it look. People say, "Well, well, it's fun out here." Listen, listen. It ain't fun out there. They They've had a miserable life out there, man. But if you make your life and the message look miserable, then why do they want what you got? Come on, church. I hope this is okay. I'm not preaching at you. I'm preaching at me. If I look like I'm miserable sitting in church, then nobody wants what I got. Amen. But if the joy of the Lord is in you that comes from the love of God that is in you, then everybody's going to want what you got. Come on, church. This is what the world is dying for. A prophet said is more love. It's more godly love. A and we go on like this. And I know I'm running out of time, so I'll say it like this. Brother Ram said the church don't want that. They they want creed. He said we need love. The church is dying by creeds. It can only live by love because love is eternal life. Love overcomes all things. Love is the most powerful force there is. You say, "I need some force to go after my children." Love is the most powerful force there is. Amen. I need some love to go after. Come on, church. You ever seen love come into a church and and people were so in love with each other to where it it broke their hearts to to have to go home and not see each other for a week? Brother Brandham said that's the way it was at the Brandom Tabernacle at one point. Amen. And he said he wished he could see it that way again. I say tonight, I I I don't want to get to a place where where I could live or die or live without the people in the church. Amen. But I can't wait to see you walk through the doors and I can't wait to shake your hand and and come on church. What we need is more love and it will create a bond between us that nothing can separate. Can you say amen? It is the most powerful force there is. Brother Ray would go on. He said and he's talking about the greatest love story. He said when we were sinners, alienated without God in the world in that muck of mud. As I talked about this morning, God come to us. God sought you. You never sought God. No man can come to me except the father draws him first. And God came down in that muck that you were in and sought you out and brought you out. He said that ought to create a perfect love. Look what you was and look what you are. Think about where you've been and think about the only reason you are where you are is because of the love of God. Amen. Some of you have been backslid and you know what it's like out there to be back in the house of God and to be able to worship freely again without condemnation holding you back. Amen. Everybody in here needs to experience the love of God at least once. And if you've ever been, listen, if you've ever been in the presence of God and God has come down and spoke directly to your heart, then I want to tell you, you'll never be the same again. Amen. Love will come in there and change you, brother Paul. Amen. It'll make you different than you used to be. It'll make you act different, talk different. Listen, I know we're all still a work in progress. And that's why my love for you will look past your imperfections and your failures and your love for me will look past my imperfections and my failings because I fail God every day. Amen. But we get back up and we pray and we ask God to forgive us. And when we ask God to forgive us, that's because we love him and he returns his love. Amen. And and then there's a love for you. Amen. Come on, church. Amen. When somebody does you wrong, you don't go after them. Amen. with the law and things like that. Amen. But a Christian that loves you and you love them. Amen. You forgive them quickly and and you say, "Lord, they didn't mean that." Amen. It don't matter what you do to me. I want to love you anyway. Amen. You see what love is. Love covers all these things that that come up in the church. Even you just imagine something comes up and and somebody don't like somebody else. Listen, if real love is there, that thing will work itself out because two Christians are not going to stand there and fuss with one another for year on end and have a feud going and and I'm not talking about here in the church. But be careful that the devil will come in and try to cause that and try to break up unity in a church. Amen. We've been blessed with unity here in the church. But don't let the devil come in and make you think bad about somebody. Amen. You say, "Well, well, they're not living a good Christian life." Listen, if they're coming to the house of God, I say let them be Christians. If they're just a penny, let them be a penny. You say, "Well, I'm a silver dollar." Well, God bless you. But you still need to work on that about that that that attitude. Amen. You still need to work on that love because everybody has failed God at some point. We've got to love one another regardless of the failings and the imperfections. You say, "Well, I love everybody in this church and I don't love anybody in another message church." Listen, we're not This is not just the body of Christ in Hardy, Arkansas. There may be the body of Christ in another church or the body of Christ on down the road. Listen church, if you make it just us four and no more, then then you've missed it. We heard about it last Wednesday night about fellowship one with the other. Amen. If God is in your heart, you've got to fellowship because God is love. And and there's a there's an element of this love that is fellowship. I know that that that the filio love is the is the is is is the love for for a man and a woman and and all these things. But listen, even a godly love wants to fellowship. Amen. God is love. And God in the beginning wanted fellowship. Think about it. all the way back when everything was perfect and there was no sin and God wanted fellowship so fellowship so bad that he brought Adam and Eve on the earth and and then you know then we got sin and and then he has to actually send his only begotten son in order to save the people that he created from their sins. I mean that's real love, church. That's real love. He said he caught me. He said he caught me when I was nothing. I'm still nothing but I'm in his hand. He said, "He caught me and he loved me when I was unlovable. He loved you when you was unlovable, but he changed you." And he said, there's an old sister that said in her in her testimony, she said, "I'm not what I ought to be, and I'm not what I want to be, but I'm not what I used to be." We can all say that tonight. Amen. We're not. None of us are perfect yet. Only by the blood of Christ are we perfect. Amen. As long as I'm looking at I can look at brother Gabe and brother Gabe can look at me and and we can sit there and we can talk about all the imperfections that we've each got and and that ain't going to do nobody no good. I can you know I can I can live with I can go to Gab's house and sit there for a few days and and I can start picking at Gabe. He come to my house and start picking at me and probably never listen to me again. But you know what? The love of God in our hearts makes it to where we love one another regardless of if we fail at any time or another. Listen, he's going to fail. I'm going to fail. You're going to fail me. You're going to fail God. But God loved you anyway. Every time we think that we're too good to fail, be careful. Every time you think that you're better than somebody else, be real careful. Because just when you think that you're you've got more love than everybody else, be real careful because when you say, "Well, I've got so much love. I just wish that person would get over it and get over their attitude." Well, if you just love them, maybe they would. I want to go on down a little bit. I get off my notes and then I'll be all over the place. So, I'm just going to stay right here tonight. He loved you when you was unlovable. He said, "If God, when I was an alien from him, so loved me till he stooped down to get me and picked me up. That gives me confidence that he wants to use me. He's got a purpose in doing it. He's seen something in me. He's seen something in you. He had a reason to save you. Look at the people that's unsaved today. Look at the millions he could have took besides you, but he took you. No one can take your place. Think about that. Nobody can sit there, brother Bill, where you're sitting because God had ordained you to sit there tonight in that spot. And your footsteps in life, nobody else could have walked them like you did. Nobody. You can look back and say, "Well, I made mistakes." Yeah, he knew you would. And he he let you walk that road anyway. And and he had a purpose for doing it. And sometimes we lose focus on our purpose in life and we would do that. It makes us it makes us depressed or we get down or we think God doesn't love us anymore. But God lets you go through things to prove his love to you. Can the church say amen? Amen. that he he let Abraham get so far to where he almost took Abra Isaac's life just to prove that he still loved him just to prove he could still keep his word and and you think about Job you know Job was the most he was a righteous man a perfect man but God had to prove to him that he loved him can you say amen and so what we need tonight is to realize that when you go through a trial that doesn't mean that God doesn't love you but it means that God is letting having you go through that to prove his love to you. Sometimes we forget how much God loves us. But if you ever forget, I want you to think about the time that that you should have been on the cross, but he was there instead of you. I want you to think about the time when you failed God by telling a lie. And yet, you know that if you repented to God, it was as though you never did it in the first place. Come on, somebody. I want you to think about the time when you backslid on God. You got cold on God, and you couldn't come to church no more, but God brought you back. Why? Because he loved you in spite of your conditions of failing God. I want you to look back. Come on, somebody. Anybody with me tonight? I want you to think back to what you've done wrong to God and he loved you anyway. I want you to think of all the failings that you've had one time and say, "Look at what I've done, but look at what he did for me." Amen. It was grace by love that has brought me this far. And grace is going to lead you home. But it's all because somebody loved you. Amen. Somebody had to love you. Just think about it. You say, "Man, y'all are quiet tonight." But it's okay. Think about where you've been just one time and then try to think you're better than somebody else. I could do that right now and think if I think that way, I couldn't stand here before you. But I know that the blood still works. I know that he loved me enough, brother Justin. He took all my sins. was not part of my sins, but he loved me so much. He took every one of my sins and put him in the sea of forgetfulness, not to be remembered no more. Amen. You might remember him or or or my friends might remember him, but he don't even see them no more because of love. Is that okay? Tonight, Brother Random would go on like this. He said he's got a purpose in doing it. He said, "Look at the millions." But he took you. He He had a purpose. He said you're in God's economy. No one else could do it. That's his love to you. And brother Brandon would say this in in the message uh uh in this excuse me in the story or the vision uh beyond the curtain of time. Brother Neville actually was reading this part and I was listening to it and and you know brother Random tells us that nothing will enter there but perfect love. How many knows that? And so he says it like this. He said I am more convinced than ever in my life that it will take perfect love to enter that place. There was no jealousy, no tiredness, no sickness. I like that. No tiredness on a Wednesday night. No tiredness, no sickness, no old age, no death, only supreme beauty and joy. And he says, "Whatever you do, lay aside everything else until you get perfect love." I wonder if we could do that tonight, man. Lay aside every sin and every weight that would so easily beset you until you can get perfect love. Lay aside you you wanting to be something or you say, "Well, I want to be a preacher." Young people, I want to be a preacher. Amen. Get love first. Amen. I want to be a singer. I get love first. I want to be more active in the church. Amen. Get love first. Because if you love God, Amen. then you'll then then then the things will come natural to you. Amen. The desire will be there to serve. Amen. But you've got to have love first. Can you say amen? He said, "No." He said, "Whatever you do, lay aside everything else until you get perfect love. Get to where you can love everybody, even every enemy." Somebody say amen. He said, "No matter if the plane is rocking, the lightning is flashing, or the guns of the enemy are upon you, these things do not matter. Get perfect love." And the church said, "If you are not saved," he said, "accept Jesus Christ as your savior now. If you've not been baptized in water, be baptized now. If you have not received the baptism of the Holy Spirit, receive it now. Press on to that perfect love which will take you to that beautiful and joyful place beyond the curtain of time." So what is it going to take? Perfect love. So brother Joel, what does it take to get perfect love? Accepting the gift that's already been given of love. How do I get love? You don't make love. You can't manufacture love. You can't wake up one morning and decide to have love. Love is something that you get when you are baptized and you're filled with the Holy Ghost and then love comes. But if you don't have that love, I would say this tonight. If you're lacking that thing, then I would seek love tonight. You know, you you you hear seeking the Holy Ghost and I believe that's that's where it starts. I believe you you you know, you you get saved and you accept the fact that God loved you and he died for you and but then you're baptized and you're filled with the Holy Ghost and and at that point you can really mature into the Christian that has love. It's you can look at the pyramid that brother Brandham drew there and you can see that you could you could have all those things. Faith was right there as the foundation, but but right there on the capstone of it all was love. Brotherly kindness was right below it. Listen, we've got to have that to make it. If you think you're going to make it in with anything less than perfect love, I would say tonight, church, I would I I would say with all my heart, amen, get into this message and realize that it is going to take perfect love to get there because nothing else is going to work. Amen. Your money won't save you. The church won't save you. Your attendance to the church won't save you. Come on, somebody. You can say, "Well, I go to church three times a week." Attendance in the church is not going to save you. But love is going to take you to that place. Come on, church. I'm about to close, but I want I want to just say this to you now. Amen. If you could recognize how much he loves you, Amen. then you'll be able to love him in return. If you'll be able to recognize how much Sister Janie, every trial you've been through, he was there all the time and he loved you anyway. If you could ever get that in your mind that he never left me, he never let go of my hand. Amen. He never said he didn't love me. He never cast me away. But when the when the prodigal son was ready to come home, the father was waiting for him the whole time. Amen. He wasn't up there saying, "Well, if he comes back, he's going to have to work his way in." No love constrained him to watch for the one to come home. I want you to know tonight that God is waiting for you to lay aside every bitterness and every hateful feeling and every hateful thing in your mind. And are you still with me? Amen. God wants you to know that he loves you regardless of your past. Some of you, you know, I've heard your testimonies. I know how far you've been. I mean, God loved you then when you was the worst sinner. Amen. when you was the meanest man in in the city, as brother Brandon would preach, God loved you anyway. He still showed up to see you. Amen. But if he showed up to save you, then I think we it behooves us to show our love back to God and say, "Lord, thank you for saving a sinner like me. Thank you for taking the sins up my back and and going to Calvary for me. I can never praise him enough. I can never thank him enough." Are you still with me? I could never do anything, Amen. to to show him how much I love him in return. But I'm going to praise him because that may be all I can do. I'm going to show up and and say, "Lord, I I'm on your side here tonight. I'm going to do better. I'm I'm going to by your grace. I'm going to make it." That's all he wants from you. He wants you to come up with that last day. Amen. And be one of the ones that that he loved and he called, Amen. He wants you to be there more than anything else. And that's why he died for you. Amen. I wish the church would just know tonight. Amen. He loved you more than you could ever imagine that he loved you. He loves you more tonight. You say, "I don't feel it." It don't matter if you feel it. He loves you anyway. I wish I had a more more of an emotional No, it don't matter about your emotions because that's a that's a feelio love. But God's love loves you. No matter how you feel, no matter if you know he loves you or don't. Just know tonight by his word, he loves you. And if you could believe his word, then you'll know that all things have worked together for good in your life because he loves you. Amen. So I wonder tonight, church, and I am done. I want the musicians to go ahead and come. I want you to know tonight that God loved you before the foundation of the world when you were in the back parts of God's mind. And he knew every mistake you would make. He knew every thing you would do wrong. He knew every sin you would commit. Are you with me now? He knew every little every little backbiting you would do and every little time you would you would snarl or you would you would go against somebody and and you would have the wrong attitude. God loved you in spite of your shortcomings and he died for you even in that condition. So I would say tonight, is he worthy of our praise? Is he worthy of our love back to him? Amen. Is he worthy of everything we can give him? He's worthy because he loved us. Think about his love. Think about what he's done. And he will. Listen, church. You can't be the same person if you know how much he loves you. You can't look back at Calvary and be the same person. You can't look back and say, "Well, I'm just here by chance." Not if you ever look at the cross. Does the cross have any effect on us anymore? Have we gotten so revelated we can't see the cross? Because the cross is where it all began for me. And that's where it all began for you. Without the cross, there's nothing. Without the cross, come on, church. Without the cross, you wouldn't be here tonight. Without the cross, there was no beginning for you. Amen. And there would be no ending for you because none of us could live the law. But because he loved us, we can love him here tonight. And that's why he died was to show that he loved. You say, "Brother Joel, that's pretty simple. That's a whole scripture in the Bible right there you can take home. And if you could live that, buddy, you could be the best Christian in this church." Because that's what's lacking is love. Love. Say, "Brother Joel, who needs love here tonight?" Every one of us need more love. We haven't arrived yet at that place of perfection. [Music] We're perfect under the blood. But but there's a place we got to get to where we can love our enemies. There's a place we've got to get to. You say, "Well, what if I still have hate?" Then it's time we start surrendering that to the Lord and say, "Lord, forgive me for the hate. Forgive me for the malice. Forgive me for the indifference. Don't let me boast. Don't let me envy and covet and have feelings against my brothers or sisters, but let me love them anyway." There's going to be a lot of people do you wrong, but you got to love them anyway. There's going to be people that's going to talk bad about you. But are you going to talk bad about them or you going to love them? That's where we got to get to. This was on my heart tonight because I've thought in the past something the devil's always fought me with is always trying to get even. And somebody talks about me, well, I'll tell you what, I I'm going to talk about you, too. But that's not godly love. Godly love is to pray for that person because you don't know who they are. And our pastor preached to us last week that bride don't persecute bride, but he said bride don't persecute. Period. Period. Elect don't persecute one another. So far be it for me to try to tell you who you are and who you're not. I want to say here tonight that we love we we've got love one for another. And when there's something between us we don't understand or if there's something between us that we we need to make right then we'll make it right. But at the end of the day we love one another as a brother and a sister. If you if you've ever had a sibling and you've ever fought and then somebody else tries to fight your family and you stand up for them. It's the way I feel sometimes. But we got to get past fighting with one another too because it don't do you any good. It don't do you no good to fight and fuss. Just think about all the time you spend fussing and feuding and Facebooking and you could be praying for a person. I wonder if we could do that tonight. I I hope this is okay. I don't want to overstep. I don't want you to think I'm preaching to you. I'm preaching to myself because if I've ever needed more love, it's now. And I don't just say those things just to say them. But it's true. when I get up here, it's not I don't think of a sermon, well, who can I go after in this sermon? No. No, it's something I need. And then I hope it's something you need because if we can grow together into that perfect love, I believe we're going to make it. I believe we got a home on the other side that's already been prepared for us. And I I do believe with all my heart, Sister Alice, we're going soon. But I believe we've got to have love one for the other. And it it'll make us forget our our differences. It'll make us forget, you know, it'll make us forget all the the little things. You know, you do something, you drive a different type of car or you you do something different, you got a different haircut than I do. Those little things don't matter so much when you have love one for the other. And what it does, it really creates something in your heart to where when you see somebody going astray, you don't lash out at them, but you start praying for them. You say, "Well, so and so in the church, they're backslid." Did you pray for them? Somebody got cold on God. We'll preach it. But did you pray for them? Amen. Because more than anything, more than the words I say to you over this pulpit is the love I have for you that'll do you good. Can you say amen? And he goes when when brother Brandham goes over there and he sees all the things on the other side. He said it was nothing but perfect love. You said, "Brother Joel, can we achieve that on this side?" I would say you're always going to have your sticky nature. And so you're going to fight that till the day you die. But I think if we could just every time that rises up in us, if we could just say, you know what, I was a sinner and I've just been saved by God's amazing grace. Just think about you being the sinner. Thinking about your brother and sister being bad. You say, "Well, I've been bad, too. And and if God saved me, he can save anybody. If God loved me, he can love anybody." Can the church say amen? Somebody in here has been a bad person and they've lived a bad life and they've backslid on God. But because he loved you, you're able to sit here tonight and worship freely because of love. It's the greatest force. It's the greatest of all these things in First Corinthians is love. And that's what we want to seek after here tonight. I wonder if we could stand to our feet. What if we could just sing this with all of our hearts? And if you need prayer tonight or if you just need to talk to God right where you're sitting, we'll take a few minutes to do that. Is it okay? Love on Cal tree. Oh, I love him. Oh, I love him. I love him. him because he first. Oh, if you believe that tonight, I wonder if you'd put a hand up to him and say, "Thank you for loving me, Lord." Oh, [Music] and just my salvation. Long [Music] cow green tree with all your hearts now. I love him. Oh, singing. I love him. Oh yes, I love him. He calls. He first loved [Music] me and purchase my salvation on [Music] Cal tree. I wonder if we could sing it like this. I love you, Jesus. Oh, I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. Because you first love me and purchase my my [Music] [Applause] salvation on Cal. breeze tree. You know that song, I love you for you are mine. I love you for you are divine. Go up one. I love you for you are mine. [Music] Oh, I love you for you are [Music] divine. Oh, I love you forever. It's true. You are Jesus and I love you with all your hearts now. Oh, I love you for you are mine. I love you for you are divine. Oh, I love you for you are divine. Oh yes, I love you forever is true. You are Jesus and I love you. Can we sing it one more time? Do you love him here tonight? Oh, I love you for you. are mine. Oh yes, I love you for you are divine. I love you forever. It's true. Oh, I love you forever. It's true. You are Jesus and I love you. You are Jesus and I love you. Do you love him here tonight? Amen. I wonder I hope there was something said that would help you. Amen. Just just remember he loved you and if he loved you then we ought to love him and we ought to love one another. Amen. I like the song. He looked beyond my faults and saw my needs. You know, if he could love us like that and if the love of God is in our hearts, then we've got to get to a place where we can look beyond everybody else's faults and see that they have a need. Maybe they do. Maybe they have fallen away from God. Or maybe somebody is maybe they really have a problem, but maybe nothing's going to help that but love. And I wonder just tonight if we could just lay aside everything in our hearts that would hinder us from perfect love and say, "Lord, create in me a clean heart full of love for my brother, for my sister, for the sinner, and for the saints. And let us just love like we've never loved before." Well, I'll sing this one one more time, and then I'll let brother Allen sing something he knows. Oh yes, I love you forever. It's true. You are Jesus and I love you. Oh yes, I love you. For you are mine. Is he yours tonight? Oh yes. I love you for you are you are divine. Oh yes. I love you forever. It's true. You are Jesus and I love you. If you love him, can you give him a hand clap of praise tonight? [Applause] [Music] Amen. Sing this just before we go. Consume me Lord of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used more by you. Oh, consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used more by once again. Oh, consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used more by you. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? I just appreciate that service this evening. Appreciate our brother. And let's sing that song. We'll sing this one time through. Then you're free to go. Same key of D. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. We got a lot to thank him for for the grace he's given us. Amen. Thank you, Jesus, for the grace that you have given us. And though I can repay from my heart, I would like to say that I thank one more time before we go. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. And though I can repay from my heart, I would like to say that I thank you're free to go in the name of the Lord. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Though I can repay from my heart, I would like to say that I thank you. I just
