################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Bro. Ben Beard Beautifully Broken Sunday Morning 6825 - Ben Beard.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    Bro. Ben Beard "Beautifully Broken" Sunday Morning 6/8/25
Speaker:  Ben Beard
Church:   Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 49m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7n2Ae4eWuc
========================================

Description:
Bro. Ben Beard "Beautifully Broken"  Sunday Morning 6/8/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
never pass away with all your heart. Your journey is completed to God. You have been true. Oh fair and bright, your home in glory. Oh, you're in rapture. Don't you believe that this morning? Let's sing with all our hearts now. Why don't you hold to God's unchanging hand? Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand and build your hopes on things eternal. Hold you to God's unchanging hand. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Can we give him thanks this morning in everything? Give him thanks in [Music] everything. Give him thanks. Give him thanks. everything. Give him thanks. Oh, through the good times. Praise his name. In the bad times, do the in the King of Kings. All the things. Can we do it this morning? Oh, everything. Give him thanks. Give him thanks. Oh, everything. Give him thanks. Oh, through the good times. Praise his name in the [Music] bapt one more time with all your hearts down. Oh yes, everything. Give him thanks. Give him [Music] thanks. Everything. Give him thanks. All through the good times. Praise his name. In the bad times do the same. and everything. Give the King of Kings all the things. Amen. As the ushers would come this morning, don't have a lot of written requests, but we just do have a few this morning. Please pray for Pat Grimes. She's getting her brother Nathan from the hospital today, and he is in a stressful situation. So, just remember him in prayer. Also, my father-in-law is having his coclar implant done tomorrow, I believe it is. He asked for prayer. Also, my wife's uncle Michael has been battling cancer for about a year and he was in hospitalized recently. So, just remember him in prayer as well. I believe there's a few out sick this morning. So, just remember them. And also just want to say a very happy birthday to Sister Jenny Price today. God bless you. Give her a big hand if you would. Man, I'm sure thankful for all of our young families in the church and those that are raising the kids and it's always a blessing to see all the kids when they come in and and behind behind those kids is good parents. And so just remember that they don't get a whole lot out of services sometimes because they're having to watch the kids and take care of things like that. Amen. But we just appreciate those that are that make the effort to come out and bring your children to church. I believe it'll it'll pay off in the end. about you. Amen. So, God bless you all. Amen. Brother Stewart, would you come and take these needs to the Lord? Also, Brother John, Sister Sam, good to see y'all here this morning. Amen. God bless you. Let me get you a mic, [Music] buddy. Let's bow our hearts before him. Lord, we just come before you this morning. We just want to invite your presence, Lord. Lord, as your people, we just want to make you feel so welcome, Lord. We just come to worship you, Lord. We come to feed upon your word here today, Lord, and to get everything from the service that we can. So, we come to this morning in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. We come before your throne with these different needs. And one mentioned with cancer, Lord, and we know that's nothing more than more than even a toothache. You can you could heal a toothache the same as cancer, Lord. And Lord, we know that you're able this morning. Our sister Pat Grimes, our brother, we just ask that you would just touch this person now, Lord. Lord, we just bring these things before your throne because we know that you're mighty, that you're able, that you're an ontime God. Lord, you see the hearts of your children this morning. Lord, may the word come forth, Lord, and just minister to each and everyone. Lord, we're under expectation to see you uh on display this morning to see your power and your love demonstrated in our midst. We pray that you would just just take our brother Ben, anoint him, a fresh Lord, just give him strength in his body to minister to your people. Lord, anoint him. Anoint your people to that that we could receive. Open our ears this morning. We just love you. We just ask that you bless everything that's said and done now. Jesus name. In the good times, through the bad times, praise his name. In the good times, do the same. In everything, give the King of Kings all the things. One more time with all your hearts now. Oh yes, it everything. Give him thanks. Give him thanks. In everything give him thanks. Oh through the good times. Praise his name. In the bad times do the same. In everything. Give the King of Kings all the things. Amen. Let's try this one here. He touched me. Amen. How many's been touched by the Lord this morning? Let's sing this old song. Give D's what I've had. I was shackled by a heen. [Music] Oh, the load of guilt and [Music] shame. And then the hand of Jesus touched me and now I am no longer the same. name. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. I know something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Oh, and since I met this blessed [Music] Savior. Oh, since he cleansed and made me whole, think about what he's done for you this morning. Oh, I shall never cease to praise him. And I'll shout it while eternity rolls. If he's touched you, can you put a hand up to him and sing? He touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh the joy that floods my soul. know something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Sing it again with all your hearts now. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And all the joy that floods my soul. And something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me Oh, aren't you glad he touched you this morning? Amen. But I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, you unravel me with a meloy. You surround me with a [Music] song of deliverance from my eneies till all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child of God. Well, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. [Music] And from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. I know love has called my name. Oh, I've been born again into your family. Your blood flows through. Oh, if that's your testimony this morning, can you sing it now? Well, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Sing the bridge now. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and sing. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. I want somebody to make that as their testimony this morning. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. I am a child of God. Somebody give the Lord praise this morning. And I had a written request that ask us to sing Psalms 34. Psalms 34. We can try it. Uh can you put that in there, buddy? Peter can help you there. Psalms 34. I was asked to do this and and so we're going to I don't whoever asked us to do it, we're going to try it this morning. Amen. God bless you. You sought the Lord and he answered you. Aren't you thankful that he put a desire in your heart to go running after him. Help me sing it if you would. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver. Oh, sing with all your hearts now. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and come exalt his name together. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you [Music] everything. Oh, magnify the Lord. Can we do that this morning, church? Oh come exalted today together glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name [Music] together. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name forever. [Music] Oh, let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt. Oh, can somebody praise the Lord this morning? Oh yes. Glorify the Lord with me and come exalt his name [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise this morning. Do we come to exalt his name this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. God bless you all. Amen. Let's stand together. I I tell you what, let I feel like praising praising him. Let's try to speed it up just for a moment before we change the order of the service. How many come to worship the Lord this morning? Amen. Well, I feel like praising praising him. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, just praise him. Oh, praise him all day long. I feel like praising. Oh, let me hear you sing it now. Well, I feel th Oh, sing with all your hearts. Well, I feel like I praise him. Praising him. Oh, praise him. Won't you praise him? Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, and why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, why don't you praise the Lord while you have this chance? Oh, just praise him. Won't you praise him? Well, I feel like I praise him. Oh, one more time with all your hearts now. Well, I feel like praising. Oh, somebody sing it now. I feel like praising. Oh, yes. Praise him. Won't you praise him? Oh, I feel like praising. Praising him. We're going to try. I don't know what you came to do. We learned it last week. You wasn't here. Sorry, Sister Carla. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing it again now. Well, I don't know, but I came to praise the Lord. Well, I Oh, but I came. Oh, well, [Music] I Oh, but I came. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, did you come to hear the word now? Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came. Won't you come to hear it this morning? Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to hear the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to sing and shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll sing it one more time. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Well, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Oh, I don't know what you came to do, but I came to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Did you come to praise the Lord this morning? Give him a big hand clap of praise. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Before we turn it to our pastor, let's sing this song. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Is that what you want him to do this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." If that's what you want him to do this morning, I think we just need to open our hearts and get ready for the word of the Lord. Amen. That's what we come to hear, isn't it? Because the word of the Lord can change you. It can take somebody who's nothing and make something out of you. And he can take a backslider. He can take a person that's just in the in the deepest miry clay and he can lift them up. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Let's just pull on the gift of God. Our pastor is going to come to introduce the minister. Let's sing this with all of our hearts now. Oh Lord, prepare me. If that's your desire, put a hand up to him if you would. You [Music] wear pure and [Music] holy, tried and true. Oh, with [Music] thanksgiving I'll be a [Music] living [Music] sanctuary. Oh. Oh, sing it one more time. Just make that your prayer now. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a saint to wear. I want to be pure and holy, oh tried and true with thanksgiving. Oh yes, I'll be a living. Oh [Music] Saint for you. Amen. Do you love him this morning? Is that what you want to do? Want to be a sanctuary for him today? Amen. This morning's been a a wild coming. Uh brother Ben Beard, uh we had him in, if you'll remember, last winter and uh we had a snowstorm that day. I don't know, some of y'all remember that cuz you ended up in the ditch. But we had a snowstorm that day and he had to leave and we rushed through the service. So, I thought, well, we'll get him back. Well, we tried to get him back in April of this year and uh and the roads were closed because of flooding and uh so it didn't work again. And so it must have been meant for him to preach this morning to us because the sun's shining and there's no snow and no uh nothing like that. So we're glad to have you. Now this week, you know, I've been sick as you know and I appreciate your prayers. I feel a lot better this morning, but uh Brother Ben got sick, too. And so I thought this week that he wouldn't be able to come, but God helped him that he would be able to come. and and I so there must be something special for us today that the Lord wants to show us and he wants to preach to us. So, uh it'll be it'll be good. I'm sure. I know brother Ben is a wonderful pastor. I'm so proud of the job that he's done there at Galina. We get a chance to go visit them when they have meetings and things. I know it'd be a blessing. And uh when we have our meetings, boy, they just fill up the church here. And we're so grateful for their fellowship and their love. And Sister Tiffany's here somewhere this morning. and God bless you. Thank you for for coming and being with us. I know she's not feeling 100% today, but thank you for being with us today. And so, we're going to invite brother Ben to come and you just open up your heart and I believe the Lord will speak directly to you today. How many has a need this morning? Then God can meet that need. Do we really believe that? Brother Brandham, just over and over, I was listening to a tape yesterday. He's telling people if you believe he's here then he said then your faith can rise to that place where you know that he's here. He said then anything can happen. Then if he's here this morning then every need that we have can be met by the power of the Holy Ghost. We're believing for healing today and salvation and whatever it is that we have need of believe that he'll meet that need. Amen. Let's sing that again as brother Ben comes. Oh Lord, prepare me. Just lift your hands to him. Make it your prayer now. [Music] Oh, pure and holy. Oh, tried and true. Oh, with thanksgiving. I'll be a living. I'll be a living. [Music] Oh Saint Mary for you. One more time with all your heart now. Oh Lord prepare me. Oh to be a [Music] sanctuary. Oh, I want to be pure and holy. Oh, tried and true. Appreciate you coming. Thanksgiving. I'll be a living. [Music] Oh, sanctuary for Oh, can we sing it one more time now with all of our [Music] hearts? Lord, prepare me. [Music] Pure and holy, well tried and [Music] true with [Music] thanksgiving. I will be a [Music] living sanctuary. [Music] for [Music] you. Is that your desire this morning? Amen. Let's bow our heads this morning. If you have a need on your heart, if you'd make it known by the uplifted hand this morning, not raising that hand to me, but raising it to him this morning. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we come to you this morning, Lord, and and God, it's with great expectation, Lord, that we come, Lord, knowing, Father, that Lord, we're taught through a prophetic ministry, Lord, that you keep every appointment, Lord. And Lord, you'll always go where you're invited. So Lord, this morning, Father, we we've sang the songs of Zion and and Lord, we've invited you into this place, Lord. And and God, we know you're here, Father, because Lord, you said where two or three' be gathered in your name, there in their midst, you'd be, Lord. And Lord, I look out across the building today, Lord. And Lord, there's many more, Father, than two or three here today. And so, Lord, I know, Father, that you're here. And so, Lord, I ask, Father, that Lord, you would just come. And you'd step out of the shadows as it were, Father. And and Lord, you'd begin to move up and down the corridors of every heart this morning. Lord, I I'm just a man, Father. I don't know the needs of the people, Lord. But but God, I'm so glad you do this morning, Lord. And so, Lord, I ask you, Father, that Lord, you'd just step down and Lord, you'd be free in the building today, dear God. And Lord, you'd minister to every heart this morning, Father. Lord, I ask, Father, that Lord, you'd take lives this morning. And and God, by the power of your word, Lord, would you just, Lord, turn them around this morning, Lord. Maybe they're maybe they're discouraged this morning, but may you come, Lord, and lift their head this morning, Father. Lord, maybe they're they're brokenhearted, but God, you are the God that can men the broken heart this morning, Lord. Lord, maybe they've grown cold on you, but Lord, would you pull them right up close to you this morning, Lord? And God, let them know, Father, that you still see them, Lord, and you still care for them this morning, Lord. God, maybe they're sick this morning, but God, you're the great physician this morning, Lord. I ask you, Father, to just come and Lord, make yourself known as a healer, Lord. Oh God, maybe Lord, there's some that don't know you, Father. Lord, may you make yourself known as a savior this morning, Lord. Oh God, we just Lord, we come, Lord, to give you great praise and all glory and honor this morning, Lord. God, we we don't want to lay down on you this morning, but God, we want to give you all that we have this morning, Lord. For truly, Lord, how many across the world, Father, would give anything, Lord, to be sitting in these pews we're sitting in, Lord. God, to hear this message that's going that's being preached, Lord, this that's going to be preached this morning, Lord. God, how many people, Father, Lord, would give anything, Lord. God, I ask, Father, that Lord, you would just come and Lord, anoint the speaker this morning, Father. Lord, not just anoint me, but anoint the hearer this morning, Father. And God, I ask, Father, that Lord, this supernatural, Father, would be on display this morning, Lord. Lord, we know, Father, that Lord, signs and wonders, Father, they'll be right at the hands of the believers, dear God. And Lord, in the last day, Father, Lord, that we know, we know that signs and wonders will follow the believer, Lord. Lord, the believer doesn't follow after them, but they follow after the believer, God. So, Lord, we just we know, Father, that that is, Lord, that's a part of this day. So Lord, we just we surrender oursel to you this morning, Lord. God, I ask, Father, for every need, Father. Every hand that went up across the building this morning, Lord. God, you see what's on each heart, Father. I ask you, Father, to meet that need this morning, Lord. Lord, would you come, Father, be their portion this morning, Lord, many needs across the building. No doubt some are serious, Lord. Oh, but God, you know each one, Father. So come Lord and minister to every heart this morning. Lord bless this church father. Bless the pastor Lord. Bless the ministry father. Bless the leoty dear God. And Lord may this always be father. Lord a great beacon of light father shining out lord. Guiding the lost souls unto thee father. Oh Lord would you just grant that this morning father. Lord we love you now. Father, I stand here this morning. And Lord, I just report for duty, Lord, and I surrender all that I am, Lord into thy hands for your glory and for your honor in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, church. It's certainly good to see each one of you here this morning. Turn with us in in your Bibles this morning to to Job chapter 1, verse 6 this morning. Uh certainly a privilege to be here this morning. We we certainly uh love your pastor and sister Britney. Amen. And the family here and and the church here. It's just been a wonderful uh work that the Lord has done here in at Word of Life here in Hardy. And we just say God bless each one of you. And it's a it's a privilege to be here. Beautiful day to serve the Lord this morning. Amen. No storms, no snowtorrms, no rain. Amen. kind of starting to get a complex. But uh you know, we was coming up the road yesterday afternoon and we got about to West Plains and it just started pouring rain and I looked at my wife and I said, "The Lord has a sense of humor." Amen. But uh nonetheless, we're here today and we are certainly count it a great privilege to be here. God, we say God bless you from the little church there at home and uh send you greetings from all of them there and uh you all have just been a real blessing to us. Job chapter 1 verse 6 this morning. A very very simple thought this morning that I'd like to take here this morning. It says this. Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord. And Satan came also among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, "Whence comest thou?" Then Satan answered the Lord and said,"From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it." And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hast thou considered my servant Job? There is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that fearth God and a chewth evil." Then Satan answered the Lord, and said, Doth Job fear God for not? Hast not thou made a hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side? Thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land. But put forth thine hand, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face." Quite a boast there, wasn't it? And the Lord said unto Satan, "Behold, all that he hath is in thy power, only upon himself put not forth thine hand." So Satan went forth from the presence of the Lord. And there was in the day, and we're just going to read this all the way through, so just bear with me just for a moment, and I'll have you be seated. And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house. And there came a messenger unto Job, saying, "The oxen were plowing, and the asses feeding beside them. And the Sabians fell upon them, and took them away. Yay, they slain the servants with the edge of the sword, and I only am escaped alone to tell thee." While he was yet speaking, there came another also another and said, "The fire of God has fallen from heaven and hath burned up the sheep and the servants and consumed them, and I only escaped alone to tell thee." While he was yet speaking, there came also another and said, "The Chaldans ca made out three bands and fell upon the the camels and have carried them away. Yay. And slain the servants with the edge of the sword. And I only am escaped alone to tell thee. While he was yet speaking, there came also another and said, "Thy sons and thy daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house. And behold, there came a great wind in the from the wilderness and smoked the four corners of the house. And it fell upon the young men, and they are dead. And I only am escaped alone to tell thee." Then Job arose and rent his mantel and shaved his head and fell down on the ground and worshiped and said, "Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither. The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away, but blessed be the name of our Lord." In all this, Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. Like to take a thought this morning for just a few moments if it'd be pleasing to the Lord. and would like to title this this morning just a very simple thought on beautifully broken. Beautifully broken. Maybe just a bit of a an odd text or an odd subject this morning because typically when you think of brokenness, there's typically no beauty that would come to mind. But you know, when you think of brokenness, if you're like me and you you look at in the Bible or in the scripture, one of the first people that come to mind is is Job. Because there was nobody in the scripture, Amen. that would that would go through as much as what Job would go through. But, you know, I I was looking and and as you begin to read the account of Job and and you know, Job was a a man that prior to this time in his life, he was a man in wellstanding and a man that that everybody would look to and they would look at Job and they would say, "Well, Job, he he's got everything together and Job is a man that that he he had everything in that day or in that age." You would look at Job and Job had money. He had he had w his wife, his children, and all of those things. And if you were to look at Job, you'd say, "Well, he was a blessed man by all accounts." And but yet we find a time, amen, when when Satan would be wandering to and fro in all of the earth and he would be looking and he would be uh trying to find somewhere to to to to go. And and it said in the Bible that the sons of God came and they presented themselves before God. But I wanted you to notice that among the sons of God also, Satan was present. And you know, I believe that even in the church, Satan is present. You know, he's the most faithful member that we have in the church. Amen. He never misses a service. But but the Bible says that that as the sons of God were were presenting themselves, Amen. that that Satan that God looked to Satan and he began to talk to him. He said, "Whence comest thou Satan?" And Satan looked at him and said, "From roaming to and fro in all of the earth looking for somebody." And then God by design, he turned Satan toward Job. Amen. And he took him and he he turned his thoughts and his attention toward Job. And and Satan looked at God and he said, "Yeah, but God, you've got him so built around. You got him so hedged in that I I've already tried that avenue. I've already tried to get to Job, but I I can't reach Job because you've got him so sheltered. But God looked but but Satan made a boast. He said, "But if you'll remove that hedge, if you'll take that shelter from him, I promise you, he'll curse you to your face." But God had so much confidence. God had so much confidence in Job that he he looked at Satan and he said, "It doesn't really matter." Why? Because God had already placed something inside of Job that he knew would never be shaken and it would never be moved. Amen. He wasn't just standing there. Amen. Job many maybe he didn't even feel like he could he was he was anything. He didn't feel like he was special. But yet God saw something in Job that was special. I'm not going to preach anything strange today. I'm just going to preach this morning. I'm not a a a deep preacher. I'm just a preacher. Amen. And so, we're just going to do that this morning. But he looked and he he said he said, "But I guarantee you." Amen. He'll not curse me. He said he looked at at Job. Amen. And he said, "Brother Joe," he said he said, "I you go have him." He said, "But you can do you can't take his life." Amen. So, we see how that how that Satan he went. And you talk about a bad day. Job had a bad day. Amen. I don't think anybody's had that kind of day here. Amen. But you know, you look and you watch how Job came from the top and all in a moment he went to the bottom. All in a moment something begin to happen. And and Job, God didn't consult Job and say, "Hey, Job, this is I I I I've done this. This is by my choosing. God didn't consult him. It just be to happen. Amen. But Job be to everything begin to fall apart. But God knew that Job would never move from what he would had what God had placed in him. And let me tell you something, brother, sister. Maybe you find yourself today in a spot, amen, where it feels like everything around you has went wrong and everything in your life has been broken and everything in your life it seems like is against you, brother, sister. But let me tell you, God has that much confidence in you that you'll stand the test of time. Amen. This thought was actually inspired. You you take and I I I was standing at my mother-in-law's house here a few years ago and I was in their in their home getting ready to preach there in in Salem when he was pastoring there. Brother Tim was pastoring and I I stood in their hallway and she had this picture hung up there and and this picture it was a it was a picture of of glass that was broken into many different pieces. And and that picture, it was it was all this glass that had different colors in it and it was just busted up beyond beyond repair. And and it was a bro a picture of brokenness and the inscription above it read beautifully broken. And what it was it just begin to strike my heart and I thought you know Lord. Amen. Somebody something had happened and at one point maybe it was a beautiful image. Maybe it was a beautiful picture, but yet something had happened to break that glass down into many different picture into many different pieces. But yet God, somebody looked and they saw the brokenness in that glass. They saw the brokenness in that glass and they they looked at it. Instead of seeing brokenness, they saw beauty. and laying there in the ground or or where wherever it was at, they begin to pick up the broken pieces and they begin to put that piece in there and that piece in there and they begin to make an image. Why? Because somebody with an image in their mind, they saw something that was not broken, but they saw something that was beautiful and they took them broken pieces and they begin to make something beautiful out of that image. Brother, sister, you may have a broken life. You may have lived a brokenness, but let me tell you something. God's able to take your broken heart and he's able to mend it and he's able to make something beautiful out of that broken image. Amen. But you understand that the devil, he'll tell you, "Well, you've went too far or you've done this or you've done that. There's no Holy Ghost for you." Let me tell you something. If there's a desire in your heart for more of God, there's more of God to be had. If there's a desire in your heart for your heart to be mended, there's a mener somewhere to mend that broken heart this morning. If there's a desire, church, oh my. But I looked at that and I thought I thought, you know, at one point maybe that was a that was a beautiful a pod or a beautiful vase or whatever, but something had happened to break it down. But yet somebody didn't give up on what it was. They looked at it and said, "It still has worth. It still has value. It still has something that can produce beauty." And a lot of time out of the brokenness of the heart, the most beautiful image come forth. Why? Because out of the testing and out of the trial, that is Christ building and shaping and forming the character of himself within us. Hallelujah. But we many times we look and we we lose hope. But I want to tell you just because you're in a a season of brokenness doesn't mean that your worth or your value has diminished. Many times our brokenness is by design by the design of the creator. Not because he he he chooses to uh to look at you and to just run you through the meal just because he wants to run you through the meal, brother Harvey. But he he takes and he he he'll he he he'll he he'll run you through that. But what's he doing that for? It's because he knows that he's placed something inside of you. Amen. That will keep you in the deepest of valleys, in the longest of nights, it'll keep you, church. Oh my. But in that brokenness, it's many time it's then when the devil, he comes and he begins to whisper in your ear and he begins to try to stop you from moving on in the things of God. I think of the prophet of God whenever he would lose his wife and his baby, he said as I was in that place, he said in that brokenness, he said there the devil was present. He said he be to talk to me. He began to tell me what good have you done? Hey, if if God would would if you do do you really think that God loves you? Do you think that if God loved you, he would put you through this? And let me tell you something. Whenever you're at your lowest, that's when the devil is the most present. Whenever you're at your most brokenheart, that's when the devil is ever present. And he begins to whisper and he begins to talk, but don't turn an ear to him, but to miss him and move on. But we realized that in that moment that that devil stood there and he said, "Why would God take your wife and baby and he said, "And I begin to agree. I begin to agree." Oh my. Don't tell me you've never been there before. I don't know why I'm preaching this this morning. Amen. But Job was a man that would that would be broken. But yet but yet after he had lost everything all in a moment all in just a few moments time for joy lost everything. And then it said then Job arose and he ripped his mantel and he shaved his head. Why? Because he was in deep despair. He shaved his head and he and he fell down on the ground and he worshiped. Oh my. Where's the worship gone in the churches today? Where's the praise and the praise offering went in the churches today? Have we not got nothing to worship about? Let me tell you something, church. Sometimes our churches are the quietest place and they ought to be the loudest place. Let me tell you, let me one day Jesus was riding into town and they begin to they begin to scream out, "Hosana, hosana, blessed be his name. Hosana, holy, holy, holy." And they looked at him and they said, "Can't you make them be still?" And he said, "If they don't worship, if they don't do it, them rocks will cry out." But you understand, we were designed and we were created to do that. Hallelujah. We were designed to and created to worship. Oh my. But we we you know the house of God is the one place that that the devil attacks the most. Come on, somebody. Amen. Because they call it emotionalism. They call it whatever. And let me tell you, there's a middle of the road to all those things. That's right. Amen. But but but you understand that that we were called and we were designed to do those things. Amen. But he said he worshiped and said naked came I out of my mother's womb and naked shall I return. Thither the Lord gave and the Lord taken away but blessed be the name of our Lord and in all that Job never sinned. He never lost his testimony. He never his testimony never changed. Amen. and and for him will I accept 1952 Job lived long a long time along the time of Nimrod back in there somewhere down from Seth to Abraham it was written the book of Job before Genesis was he said but but he was a priest and a prince and he loved the Lord and God blessed him and made him a great man and then Satan came up said now here's what what I want you to want you to watch he said Satan come up with the sons of God he was sitting right among them and God begin to speak about the earth and he said Satan have you considered my servant Job a perfect man none like him in the earth Satan said oh yes said oh yes said you got him hedged up you're you're blessing him and giving him everything you could give him said sure he will serve you like that let me tell you something it's easy to serve God in the good times it's easy to serve God when everything's going just fine but whenever a little trouble sets into your house, brother, sister. All of a sudden, you begin to get shaky in your in your confession. You begin to get shaky in your testimony. But that's not the time. That's not the time. The time is to stand there and say, "The Lord hath given, and the Lord taketh away, but blessed be the name of the Lord." Oh, it's easy to stand there and say, "Oh, praise God. Hallelujah." when something's going good in your life, but when the devil sets up camp in your door, amen, it it begins to he begins to take that testimony and the testimony goes from positive to negative. But brother, sister, never let that testimony be negative. But always say, "The Lord hath given, but the Lord hath taken away. Blessed be the name of the Lord, though you slay me, Lord, yet I still serve you, Lord. Though you slay me, I'm still going to serve you, Lord. I'm not going to back up. I'm not going to I'm not going to get weary and welloing. But I'm going to stand on this message. Come on, church. I'm going to stand on this message when nobody else will stand. If mama leaves it, if daddy leaves it, if my pastor leaves it, I'm going to stand in this message. Why? Because it is the truth in this hour. Oh God, let us stand in this hour. Let us be be bold in the things that we proclaim. Let us not be afraid to preach this message without fear and without favor. Let us not be afraid to declare it from the rooftops. Let us not be afraid to live it. Oh, it's easy to when you're on the mountaintop to serve the Lord. But I want to tell you something. The God on the mountain, he's still the same God in the valley. And let me tell you, a lot of times you find yourself in the valley, that's when the most good gets done is in that valley. Hallelujah. He's here now. Thank you, Lord. He said God blessed him. He said then Satan come up. He said, "Oh, yes." He said, "Sure, he will serve you like that. You got a hedge about him." "Sure, he's going to serve you." He said, "But you let me have him, and I'll make him curse you to your face. Let me tell you something." He said, "Now," he said, "He's in your hands now. I'll break that hedge, but you can't have his life. I'll take that hedge of from around him, but you can't have his life." And Satan did everything but take his life. He took his children. He broke him out with boils. He spoiled all of his goods. He made him a popper and set him on an ash heap scraping his boils in the backyard. I suppose with a piece of cockery or something scraping his boils that was on his body. His wife walked out of the door and his own wife looked at him. He said, "Why don't you curse God and die?" His own wife looked at him and said, "Job, you're pathetic. Job, you're you're pathetic." Oh my. All them people. That was that was his his brothers and his sisters. Brother Ben, be careful there. Amen. It's universal at my place, your place, every place. People is people. Amen. People is people. But sometimes your closest people are the ones that hurt you the most. That's right. But his wife looked at him and said, "You're pitiful. You're broken down. You've obviously done something. You've obviously done something to to to offend the Lord. Brother, sister, isn't it funny that how that how that when things start going wrong, all of a sudden that everybody looks at you and says, "You must be out of the will of the Lord." Well, let me tell you. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You You're fighting. You're struggling. Oh, you you must be out of the will of the Lord. You You've done something. You messed up bad, Buster. you. What' you do? What are you doing behind closed door? You's messed up bad somewhere. Oh, really? Adversity doesn't always mean that you're out of the will of the Lord. Sometimes it means you're right where he wants you. You say, "Brother Ben, how can that be? Was the children of Israel out of the will of the Lord when they came out of Egypt?" Come on, somebody. No. No. They was delivered out of Egypt by the hand of the Lord. Amen. But the moment they crossed outside of the city limit sign, their trouble set in, Brother Allen. Amen. And everybody looked at Moses and said, "Oh my God, what'd you do? What' you do? Oh my, you you let us out here to to get us killed. What you done? What are you doing? Is that God talking to you, Moses?" Ain't that funny? Oh, they figured they come out by the hand of the Lord, so everything ought to be smooth sailing. Everything ought to be good. Hunky dory. No. No. They just started fighting. Come on, somebody. And you sit here today and you think, "God, I'm going through the lowest valley in my life. God, where did I leave you?" But sometimes that means you're right where God wants you. Hallelujah. Sometimes that means you're right where God wanted you. God, where you at, God? Did I Did I do this wrong? Did I do that wrong? Maybe you didn't do nothing wrong. Maybe God just told Satan, "Have you considered my servant Allan? None like him in all hearty." He says, "Praise the Lord." Makes him want to shout. This is simple. And I that's what I come to do today is just encourage you this morning. I do the work of an evangelist. This is his pulpit. He'll do all the doctrinal stuff. I don't have to. Today is my day off. Amen. But yet, whenever they came out, Amen. That's when their char their their heartache and their their struggle began. They looked at Moses. This is off my notes now. I'm just preaching for just a second. Is that okay? Amen. And they looked at Moses and they said, "Why did you It would have been better if we'd just stayed back there in sin. I mean, Egypt." You realize that the hardest you're going to fight is when you're trying to come out of sin. Hallelujah. Amen. That's the hardest you're going to fight when you're trying to come out of sin. Why? Because the devil wants to keep you in sin. When you're trying to come out of that garbage, Amen. The devil's going to throw everything he's got at you and he's got you wondering, "Am I doing the right thing?" Come on, church. Huh? Am I doing the right thing? Am I Am I Am I is God against me? Sometimes, let me tell you something. Whether you're being blessed or you're being uh uh uh uh uh tested, that is no sign of God's pleasure or displeasure. Many times, that's true. But here was Job. Let me get back to him just for a moment. He said, "Where did I leave? Where did I stop?" He said, "He was in the backyard scraping boils off of his body. His wife walked to the door and said, "Oh, Joe, you look so miserable. Why don't you curse God and just die?" Sometimes your own wife turns against you. Sometimes your own husband will turn against you. Sometimes your children will turn against you. But let me tell you something. You stay positive with your testimony. That's right. Anybody out there this morning? He said, "Woman, thou speakest like a foolish woman." He said, "The Lord gave and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." He said, now watch. He said that man had went through trials. That man who had been purged, God was not dealing with a sinner. Now, God wasn't dealing with a sinner. Now, he was dealing with a saint. How many? God's not dealing with a sinner. You say, "Brother Ben, I sin daily, but Paul said, I die daily, too." But God don't see you the way you see you. Come on. Come on. God don't see you the way you see you. I'm thankful, brother Mike, that I God don't see me the way I see me. Because let me tell you something. If God saw me the way I see me, Amen. I was worthy of justice. But God showed me grace. I don't want There's a sign on our way to church where where some people got killed on the side of the road in a motorcycle accident. A car hit them. Brother Joel, the sign reads, this would have been about two years ago, but that court case is still going on and on, but there's a great big sign on the side of the road that said, "We deserve justice." And my mind went back to I I believe it I believe it might have been my father-in-law telling me about that. And he he said he said, "Brother Ben," he said, "I saw that." He said, "And my mind went back to God, I don't want justice. I don't need justice, but I want grace, God. And I'm so thankful this morning that he didn't give you and I justice because you and I was worthy of death. You and I was worthy of hell. But God looked beyond our fault and he saw our need and he didn't give us justice but he gave us grace. You was worthy for hell but God came. You was worthy of a sinner's hell but God came. You was worthy to be broken down and never mended but God came. He didn't give us justice, but he gave us grace. Oh my. You want justice for your brother and your sister, but you want grace for you. I say, God, give us all grace. Oh God, I'm thankful that you became me, that I could become you, God, this is not of my own making. And God, I'm brokenhearted. But God, yet you slay me. I will serve you, God. God, out of these ashes will come something beautiful, God. I might be broken, but take this brokenness and turn it into something beautiful today. God, take my heart, Lord, and I lay it out before you. And I bleed before your throne this morning. Oh God, men me. God, make me a better believer. Make me a Christian in front of my family. Make me a Christian in front of my church. Make me a better help to my pastor. Make me a better help to the deacons. Oh, God, use me. God. There was Job on his ash heap. He found himself in such a brokenhearted place. That wasn't even of his own Tuesday. But yet he stood there and he be to scrape them boils. He was scraping them boils on his ass ash. And let me tell you something, he was in pain from his top of his head to the bottom of his feet. But he said, "I know my redeemer liveth. I know he lives. God have mercy beautifully broken. We live in such an age of brokenheartedness. You look in the media today, and I don't I don't encourage you to spend too much time in that, but but you know, I I like to know what's going on around me. But you look at the in the world today been it's it's all negative. It's all brokenness. It's all it's all despair. Amen. We live in such a an age of brokenheartedness. And I'm so thankful today, brother, sister, that you and I have a have a have a rock, have one that we can turn to in the midst of the storm. And we can say, "God, Lord, I my my shelter is in you this morning." Let me tell you something. It's It's not in It's not out here in the world crowsing around. Come on, somebody. He the devil will try to give you substitutes. Young people, the devil is always there with a substitute trying to substitute for for for the thirst of God. He'll give you this. He'll give you that. But brother, sister, let me tell you something. Amen. There you you don't turn to the things of the enemy. But turn to the things of God because in there is lasting salvation. In there is lasting peace. In there is lasting joy. In there is a is a is a is a rock in the midst of the storm. in there is salvation. Amen. Hallelujah. But Job, his own wife would turn against him in his darkest hour. And the and the members of the church would look at him and say, "Job, you've sinned somewhere. You you've you've you've broken a commandment of God. You you've gotten cold on the message." But Job hadn't done that. What a life. Maybe you haven't done that. Maybe you're still here. And you are, but you're going through it. Well, I don't know if you got the same devil in Hardy as we got in in Missouri, but maybe maybe y'all have halos up here. I don't know. Problem with the halo is sometimes it gets stuck on your horns. Well, praise the Lord. Yeah, they're all the same here and there. Amen. Sometimes you got to lighten them up a little. That's okay. This is just what the Lord put on my heart and I just I don't know why, but I I couldn't get away from it. I He put it on me about a little over a week ago and I just started it just started going over in me and and so I just I went with it. Yeah. He said, "Now God was not dealing with a sinner. Now he was dealing with a saint, a man that had been purged by the by by the purged by God, proving to Satan that there was mortals who would serve him in the face of conflicts. There was mortals. He was see God was proving something to Satan. He was proving something to the devil." Let me tell you something, church. Amen. In the day when there's men walking away from this message at w record pace, God's proving to the devil that there's still a bride that'll stand in this hour. There's still a bride in this age. There's still a bride without spot and without wrinkle. And she's never going to walk away. She's never going to start questioning, brother, sister. But she's going to stand firm in the word in this hour. Let me tell you something. Outside of the word in this day, brother Joel, there is no perfection. But inside of this word, Amen. It is the perfecting of the bride. They've done everything. Come on, somebody. They've done everything to attack. Now, I'm not getting off in that. I'm just going to be real broad and he can deal with it. But they've done everything to attack. Amen. The perfecting of the saints. But I want to tell you something in this last day. Amen. You got to stand boldly and you got to stand in the face of conflict. And you've got to stand there and say, "It doesn't matter what the world says. It doesn't matter if my brother falls off or my sister falls off. God, yet you slay me, though you slay me, yet I'll serve you, Lord. He said he was proving to Satan that God there was a people who would serve him in the face of conflict. He said, "Thou speakest like a foolish woman." Now, he never said she was foolish. He said, "She just spoke like a foolish woman. The Lord gave and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Here come these fine counselors and church members. Job cursed the day that he was born." He said, "May the stars not shine nor and at the night and the sun by day." But he wouldn't curse God. And there Satan got him right down there to the very threadbear moment. Let me tell you something. You may be in your threadbear moment, but I want to tell you that God has never left you. And he'll never forsake you. You may be in your threadbear moment. You may be in the darkest hour. But that's when Jesus comes showing up. When Peter was out on the out on the water. Amen. And and in the darkest hour, the disciples out there, it looked as though hell was going to sink them. But out on the water, they looked up and Joe, here come Jesus walking on the water. At that moment when they were the most broken, at that moment when they were the most defeated, they looked up and there Jesus came a call and they looked and they said, "Oh God, I'm scared to death." But yet G Peter looked and said, "Jesus, if it be you, bid me to come." And he said, "Come on out of the boat, Peter. Come on out of the boat." And Peter jumped out of the boat and that water begin to take body underneath him. And let me tell you something. When you'll step outside of your problem and your circumstance and you'll step out of the boat by faith, God will cause the water to have body. Hallelujah. God will cause the water to have body underneath you and you'll walk over the top of your ashes. He said, "Come on, Peter." So Peter jumped out and all of last time I tried to step on water didn't work too hot. If you walking on water, I want to watch cuz we ain't never seen a show like that. Come on. But Peter stepped out of that boat and all of a sudden, look, in the midst of Peter's miracle, I'm just off now. I'm just That's okay. In the midst of Peter's miracle, Peter was walking in the middle of his miracle. And the devil begin to begin to cause this to arise and that to arise, this church problem and that family problem and this over here. And Peter took his eyes off of Christ. You understand that all of these things that's going on around you, they are designed to do one thing, and that is simply to take your eyes off of Christ. It is simply to take your eyes off of what really matters and get a turn toward your brother and your sister. Let me tell you something. And that one sitting beside you is not your enemy. That one sitting in front of you is not your enemy, but it is the devil. It is the devil. But in the midst of Peter's miracle, he was walking on the water and all of a sudden, can you imagine that? Literally, he was standing there walking on the water and he took his eyes off and in the midst of a miracle, he began to doubt. Right in the middle of his miracle, the devil was present. Oh, think about that just a minute. I'm just off now. Okay. But right in the middle of his miracle, the devil was still present. And all of a sudden, he took his eyes off and and he began to seek and he said, "God, help me." And my Bible said immediately, not five minutes, not six seconds, but immediately, Brother Joel, Christ reached out his hand, Christ reached out his hand and he grabbed a hold of him and he lifted him back up and he said, "Oh, Peter, why did you doubt? Why did you doubt me, Peter? right in the middle of your miracle. Peter, if you'd have just stayed if you would have just stayed focused on what's important. Peter, if you would have got your eyes off on this or your eyes off on that, Peter, if you'd have just stayed focused, it's I know I'm where I'm supposed to be this morning. And immediately he reached his hand out and he picked him up. Peter, why did I not doubt? Let me get back to this a minute. I'm sorry. I get to I get to preach and I go down this trail and I go down that trail. It's just the way God made me. I can't be them and they certainly can't be me. He said all them counselors, he said, came to him. He cursed the day that he was born, but he wouldn't curse God. And there Satan got him into the threadbear moment. He said, then some of his friends came and instead of counseling him, they accused him. Instead of counseling him, they accused him of being a secret sinner. Let me tell you something. Can I go? How do you know? That's always makes me nervous, too, brother Ben. The preacher looks at me and says, "Can I go?" And I'm sitting there going, "I think I think you can." Amen. Now, I lost my thought. Amen. But instead of accusing, instead of counseling him, they accused him. And let me tell you something. There it is. Let me tell you something. A lot of times you'll accuse everybody around you. But if your life was to be made known, come on, somebody. If your life was to be made known, you know the difference between that person next to you and the and you. The difference is is their life was made known and yours hadn't been yet. Come on. That's right up next to us. And it just goes for me, too. That's all of us. Amen. You know, some of us, Amen. We want what? Law for everybody else. But praise God. Give me grace. Let me tell you something. It's by grace and grace alone that any of us in this building are going to make it. It ain't because any of us could live by the law. Because let me tell you something. If you could live by the law, you didn't need Jesus. Come on, somebody. He said Christ was the fulfillment of the law. Now that don't give you a license to go live any life of sin that you can. Come on somebody. Amen. But you understand many of them will say well I'm under grace. Bless God I can do whatever I want. That shows me that you ain't got it. Because let me tell you brother said he said God have mercy. Brother said that you are reflecting here what you are somewhere else. So let me tell you you by their fruits. Jesus said by their fruits you shall know them. Look I'm not no judge. I just inspect a little fruit every now and again. If it is, if it if it if it's round like an apple, it red like an apple, it tastes like an apple, it might be an apple. I got a saying at home. If it looks like a duck, it swims like a duck, it quacks like a duck, it acts like a duck, it might be a duck. But you can look and you can say, "Well, I believe this message. I believe in predestination. So do I. But I believe that I'm predestinated to the life of Christ." Come on, somebody. Now, there's the difference right there. Amen. Because the life of Christ is going to produce Christ. That's right. You're predestinated to something. I'm just going to touch the highlight here and move on back over to Job. But you understand that you're going to produce something and you'll produce that that you are. That's right. You say, "Well, praise God. Let me move on. I feel that he said he said the friends come instead of counseling them, accused him, counseling him, they accused him of being a secret sinner." Like they might accuse this woman here in the wheelchair or the young man there in the bed, that little child, the father standing there maybe being a secret sinner. He said some something you've done. He said that's not always the case. Jesus said one time to the disciple or one time the disciples he said they said who sinned the blind man he or his father or his mother. He said in this case neither of them sin but that the glory the works of God might be made manifest. You might be in the midst of this stronger storm but it may not be because of anything that you've done. But it might be that God is just through going to show the glory of God through your life. It might be that God needed needed to show Satan that there was somebody in this hour that would stand in the midst of the storm. He said Job had not sinned. He knew he hadn't sinned. He had not sinned. So he would not confess it because he had absolutely hadn't sinned. But God was really trying him. He was putting him to a test. I believe that every Christian that's born again has got to be has has to go through the test. Every son that cometh to God must be chasened and purged. He said, "Is that right?" He said, "If you cannot stand chastisement of the Lord, then you become a bastard or illegitimate child. You claim God to be your father and you know nothing of him. A real true born again child of God stands firm." We said we are sowed with the incorruptible seed of God. He said, "We're sowed with the incorruptible seed of God." So if you're sowed with the incorruptible seed of God, it's going to produce Christ in this hour. Come on. I'm having a great time. They said incrup your s incruptible. I know I'm reading a lot. Forgive me. He said it cannot perish. Oh my. Now, if you go, he said, you'll go up, you go through your ups and downs. I would advise you to go to God. He said, stay there until you're really born again. The problem is is we just get them to an emotion. We just get them to shout. I believe in shouting. I believe in it. Come on, somebody. I believe in shouting. I believe in a good cry. I believe in coming to an altar, brother, and just and just struggling it out with the Lord. I believe in that. I like to see it. But let me tell you something. This brother sitting right here in his chair chair can get it just like that one sitting right here. Come on, somebody. We put too much on emotion many times though. I believe that anything without emotion, it's plum dead. You know, they they say, "Well, there not be there there better not be a lot of carrying on. There better not be a lot of excitement. There be a lot lot of shouting. Come on, somebody. Let me tell you something. I didn't come to no morg this morning. I didn't come to no funeral home. Amen. I come to a place where there ought to be a joy. There ought to be a shout. There ought to be the joy of the salvation of the Lord. You've got something to be pray raising about. You've got something to be happy about. Oh, but praise God, the church is the place we ought to be the quietest. Be still and know. I am God. Praise the Lord. Is it all right if I just have good time this morning? I'm just preaching. I don't know y'all that real well. Really? I know him real well. Better than I want to. Amen. He does me too. Be still and know that I am God. So we come in and that same hypocrite goes out here to the ball game. Brother, can I preach just a minute? Amen. I do this at home, too. I'm just I'm feeling pretty comfortable at the moment, if you can't tell. Amen. Amen. But, but that same hypocrite, Amen, will go out there and and little Johnny, they'll be at live little league. And brother Joel, you might just be It might look like the cat's got your tongue right here in church, but little old little old Johnny, he hits a he about 20 feet in front of him. Yeah. Run, Johnny. Run. run. And I'm sitting there going, "Praise God." Boy, if we ever get him filled with the Holy Ghost. Oh man, I'm going to get hate mail. Amen. But you know that that they they'll go out there and and and and and they'll throw that pig skin around the around down that that field and oh my oh, they'll paint their chest red and yellow and everything else. They'll stand up there and they'll beat that old chest. Say, "Yeah, run, run, run." And a sinner weeps their way to Christ and they set down on them. Let me tell you something. There ought to be a believer somewhere that stands there and says, "Thank you, God. Thank you, God. Fill them up, Lord. Be their portion, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord." Amen. But I tell you, you've got something to shout about. You've got something to praise to God about. But yet, God, the devil will sit there and he'll set on your praise. He'll sit on your worship. He ain't going to sit on me, brother sister, but I'm going to defy him and I'm going to tell him though that though you slay me, Lord, yet I serve you, Lord, I might be in my brokest moment, but God, I'm going to praise you anyhow. Oh, they'll get up there and they'll they'll act like the devil himself and paint their chest red and orange and whatever else is a devilish color. And then they'll tell me I'm too rowdy, Brother Joel. I'm gonna video them. Come on, somebody. Then I'm going to put it on a continual loop on my church. Come on. Come on. Get real, though. Seriously, just think about that a minute. Think about the way the devil has done us. But now you sit here and you believe you. We've got the revealed word of this hour. Not a not a mystery no longer. Come on. Come on, somebody. It's not a mystery now in this hour. It was a mystery before a prophet. But now we've had a prophet come in this hour. And no longer is it a mystery, but now Christ lays before you bear. Hallelujah. Now Christ stands there before you bear. It's no longer a mystery. They say, "Oh, I'm going to preach to you this great big deep hidden mystery." Let me tell you something that makes me scared. Them men that'll come to the pulpit. Oh my. I'm going to You've never seen this before. All right, buddy. Amen. Let's sing and take the name of Jesus with you. Come on, somebody. I don't go for that garbage. Come on. You You You in my pulpit, you better say what he said. How am I doing, brother Ben? Amen. I can say this because I know him. Amen. You You better say what he said. I'm not interested in your private interpretation. I'm not interested in your revelation. Come on, somebody. I had a messenger in my hour. That seventh angel messenger came down and last I checked, the word come to the prophets. Where's that leave you? Where's that leave me? Come on, somebody. I'm right there with you. When I say you, that means me, too. Where's that leave me? Amen, brother sister. I don't have no deep revelation. I don't have nothing. Amen. That that that's new. There's nothing new under the sun, brother, sister. You understand? I wouldn't know what I know, brother Mike. Had it not been for a prophet messenger to come in our hour and to reveal, Amen. And to reveal the word of God in this hour. I wouldn't know. This Bible would be a dead letter. Come on, somebody. They say, "Oh, we don't need a prophet. We just need this." You don't even know what this says. Come on. Come on. You don't even know what this says without a prophet in this hour. You don't even know if I want to go from here, Amen. to to to Murphy'sboro, Tennessee. I don't know how to get there without a road map to take me there. I don't know how to get there, brother Jo, without looking at a road map or one of them dumb GPS's. I was, you know, them GPS's will lead you wrong sometimes. I was in Tennessee, as a matter of fact, here years ago, my wife and my mom and dad and I and my little baby at the time, who's 18 years old. I don't know how that happened, but it did. We was driving along about 1:00 in the morning. My GPS, we was trying to find our room, and I'm quitting. That clock tells me I'm quitting. Amen. But that GPS, it started Amen. It it it it it it says turn here and turn there and it's it's it's late in the early in the morning, we hours of the morning and I and I I take off down this road and and I'm just trucking right on down this road and all of a sudden the headlights light up a body of water. It was taking me down a boat ramp. Dad's sitting in the back in the passenger seat going, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa." And I'm sitting there going, "Whoa, whoa, whoa." Amen. But that GPS will lead you lead you wrong. That woman didn't know where she was going. Don't never take direction from a woman. Amen. There's some men can't get no directions either. So, you ain't no angel. Amen. But but but but but let me tell you, you don't know what you don't know where you're going if you ain't got a map. Amen. And they'll say, "Oh, we're beyond the prophet now." No, you're never going to be beyond the prophet. Come on, somebody. You're never going to be higher than the seventh church age messenger in this hour. You're never going to be beyond what he Come on, somebody. Beyond what he preached. That's right. Praise God. So many weird things out there, ain't there? There I go. Let me read this and I'm quitting. He said Job hadn't sinned, so he wouldn't confess it, but God was really trying him to put him to the test. And I believe every Christian that's purged. Let me drop down. I've already read that. He said, "You may go through your ups and downs, your disappointments." He said, "Something holds. Not you holding, something holding you." It isn't a question whether I hold on or not. It's a question or whether he held on or on or not. Oh, aren't you grateful for that this morning, church? It isn't looking at me. Listen to this. It isn't looking at me. It isn't It isn't looking at me. It's looking at him. It's looking at him. He was the one. He said, "A man came here not long ago and said, "Brother Brandon, I'm not worthy to be saved." He said, "No, you're not." And he started weeping. He said, 'I've tried since 1940 to get saved.' He said, 'But I find myself not worthy.' I said, 'You never will be worthy.' He said, ' Then I can never be saved. I said, oh no, it isn't you. It isn't you, it's him. He said, God don't look at you. He looks at him, brother, sister. You could never be worthy. But God never looked at that man you were looking at in the mirror this morning. But he looked to himself. He looked at the perfect sacrifice. He said he looks at him. He said, "And if you can find any fault in him." If you can find any fault in him, then there's fault in you. He said, "But there's no fault in him. then you'll be all right. Hallelujah. That devil that tells you you're never going to make it, there's no fault in Christ, devil. All that I every sin that I ever had was placed on Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may have broke me down, but now God has taken my life. Let me tell you something, brother, sister. If you knew me before I knew him, if you knew me before I knew him, you would see a life that was broken. You would see a young man that was running down a road to hell. But one day, brother Joel, one day, God reached down and caught me in that pit. And he reached down and he caught me and he said, "You're mine. Not because I was good. Not because I was worthy, but because he was looking to himself. Hallelujah. He said, and he started weeping. He said, I've been trying since 1944. He said, I and I never, he said, he said, you're never going to be worthy. He said, I never can be saved. He said, he isn't looking at you. It's him. God don't look at you. He looks at him. And if you find any fault in him, then you can't be saved. But if there's no fault in him, then you're all right. The blemish that you find in him is on you. But if there's no blemish in him, then there's no blemish in you. Hallelujah. If there's no blemish in Christ, there's no blemish in you. He never looked to you, but he looked to himself. Hallelujah. You say, "I'm worthless. I'm broken. I'll never amount to anything. One time there was an old violin. It says it was the touch of the master's hand said was battered in scar and the auctioneer thought it would hardly work hardly worth its while to waste his time on the old violin. But he held it up with a smile. What am I bid good people? He cried. Who starts the bidding for me? One dollar. $1. Do I hear two? $2. Who makes it three? $3 once. $3 twice. Going for three. But no. From the room far back of a gray bearded man. He came forward. He picked up the bow. Then wiping the dust from the old violin. He tightened up the strings. He played a melody. A melody pure and sweet. As sweet as the angel sings. The music ceased and the auctioneer with a voice that was quiet and low said, "What now am I bid for this whole violin as he held it a loft with its bow? 1,000 1,000 do I hear to 2,000? Who makes it three? 3,000 once 3,000 twice going gone?" said he. The audience cheered, but some of them cried. We just don't understand what changed its worth. Swift came the reply. It was the touch of the master's hand. And many a man's life out of tune, all battered and bruised with hardship, is auction cheap to a thoughtless crowd, much like that old violin. A mass of a mess of pottage, a glass of wine, a game, and he travels on. He is going once, he is going twice. He is going and almost gone. But the master comes along and the foolish crowd never can quite understand the worth of the soul and the change that is wrought by the touch of the master's hand. And brother, sister, let me tell you something. When Christ comes into your story, when Christ comes down into the brokenness of your life and he reaches down and he puts you back together, you went from a worthless nothing to something that was invaluable. One soul is worth 10,000 worlds. Never ever think that you are beyond repair. Psalm 34:18 says, "The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart, and saveth such as be a contrite spirit." Amen. Don't you love him this morning? stand this morning. Whoever is taking the service, come. Let's pray. Most gracious, kind heavenly father, oh God, how I love you so much, Lord. I thank you for your grace, Lord, and your mercy, Lord. I thank you, Lord, that you looked beyond my fault, Lord, and you saw my need, Lord. Lord, I ask, Father, that Lord, you'd take this broken up message this morning, Lord, as as Lord, it's so burned in my soul, Lord, for the past several days, God, as I was studying, Lord, how you just stepped down, Lord, and you just you came so near, Lord. I thank you for that, God. Lord, I thank you, Father, for coming and walking up and down the corridors of our hearts this morning, Lord. And God, reminding us, Lord, that that God though we may be broken, Lord. Lord, we're just, Lord, beautifully broken this morning, Lord. God, we're never too broken. But what Lord, you can't put us together in a beautiful way, Lord. God, thou alone are worthy, Lord. So God, I give this people to you now. I ask you, Lord, to just move among them, Lord, this morning. Lord, take the despondent heart, Lord, dear God, and turn it toward toward to toward you this morning, Lord. The one, Father, the enemy maybe said, "Well, you've gone too far. You you're never going to be mended. You're never Lord, would you just go down right to him right now, Lord? Make yourself known in a special way this morning, Lord. Lord, if there's a sick one among us, Lord, may the may the great physician, Lord, pass by the way, Lord, and God, put them together once more, Lord. I'm so thankful, Lord, this morning. You didn't throw the clay away, Lord. God, I was broken, Lord, but yet God, you picked up all the pieces, Lord, and and you remembered again. Oh Lord, I love you this morning. We worship you this morning, Lord. We give you praise and we give you honor and we give you glory this morning, Lord. God, we may stand, Lord, as Job did on that ash sheep, Lord, scraping our boils as it were. But God, I know, Lord, my redeemer. He liveth today. Oh, I love you, Lord. How great you are this morning, Lord. I commit these people, Lord, into thy hands, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Oh. Oh. and over heolds me. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. He fashioned fashioned this old clay vessel of you need prayer this morning. This altar is open to you this morning. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. singing over and over. He molds me and he makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. A vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. [Music] Empty and broken. I came back to him. A vessel [Music] unworthy, so scarred by sin. But he did not despair. He started over again. And I bless the day. He didn't throw the clay [Music] away. Oh, we're singing over and over. He molds me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. A vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't [Music] grow. Oh, I'm glad that mercy rro my life. Can we just worship them for a moment now? I'm glad that mercy rules my life. Oh yes, I should should have fallen. My soul cast down but mercy rero. Oh, sing it like you mean it this morning. Aren't you glad for his mercy? Oh, your mercy re my life. It was God's mercy that rro my life. Oh yes it was. Oh, I should have fallen my soul. Cast down, but mercy re my life. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord? Amen. Give me a key of C. All I want to do is love him. Well, all I want to do is love him. I'm so glad I feel his love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Let's praise him now. Oh, so every day my heart will praise him. Oh, I know I'll never be the same. And all I want to do is love him. Love his holy. All sing with all your hearts now. We're singing. All I want to do is love him. So glad I feel his love for me. Oh Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Cal. Oh we praise him now. Oh, so every day my heart will praise him. Oh, I know I'll never be the same. And all I want to do is love him. Love his holy name. Give the Lord one more hand clap of praise. And and he's ready to come. I'm ready to go. We're going to sing this one as you go. Don't forget service this afternoon at 3:00. God bless you. Amen. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord this morning? Can you give the Lord a big hand clap of praise? And he's ready to come. I'm ready to go, brother Robert. We're going to sing this one as you go. God bless you. Well, I've seen all this world I want to see. Things down here ain't got no chains on me. Well, I'm not worried about the future because I know he's ready to come. Well, I'm ready to go. Well, it seems like everybody's talking about heaven. If you want to go along, you better be believing.
