################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-03 - 25_03_29 - Brother Allistair Francis - How It All Works - Part 3 - Rain and Air - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-03
Title:    25_03_29 - Brother Allistair Francis - How It All Works - Part 3 - Rain and Air
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   Rapturing Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 31m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lm5UGybY8Ys
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Where is she? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Wow. Wow. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] All together wonderful to me and here to worship here to bow. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together. All together. All together to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say you're my God. You're all together. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh my [Music] god. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I to say that you're [Music] my way. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to sing. You're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Amen. Lord Jesus, we come here this evening again, Lord, to worship you, Father, to spend time in your presence, to give back to you, Lord, to learn more from you, Lord, to have more of that seed grow, Father. Lord, to have you shine your light upon us, Lord, to water us, Father, to breathe on us, Lord. Father, we ask, Lord, that you would help us this evening, Lord, to be able to open up completely to you, Lord, to surrender everything to you, Father. Lord, if we're feeling a bit jaded or tired, Lord, that you would look after that, Father. Lord, you would help our minds, Lord. Lord, that we would soak up, Lord, every bit of word that we can this evening, Father. Lord, thank you for your presence, Lord, for this time, Lord. Lord, may we just take this opportunity with both hands and grab it, Lord. Run with it, Lord, to not leave this place without a touch from you, Father. In Jesus name we pray and ask, Lord. Amen. Amen. It is you. Love this song. As we lift up our hands, thank you. Will you meet us here as we call on your name? Will you meet us here? We have come to this place, yes, to worship you, God of mercy and grace. It is you we adore. It is you. Praises are for only your name. The heavens declare. It is you. It is you. Oh, as we lift up our hands. Will you meet us here? Will call on your name. Will you meet us here? We have come to this place to worship you, Lord. Mercy and grace. [Music] is you we adore you. Praises are fall only you. The heavens declare is you. is holy, holy is our God of his father. Holy, holy is his name alone and holy, holy is our God Almighty and holy, holy is his name alone as we his call on your name will in this year's Father. Mercy and grace as we live our bow hands as we call on your name. Will you visit this place by your mercy and grace? It is you. We adore. It is you. It is [Applause] you. Holy, holy is our God Almighty. Holy, holy is his name Lord. Holy, holy is our God Almighty and holy, holy is his name alone as we lift up our hands as we go on your name. Will you visit this place by your mercy and grace as we lift up our hands as we call on your name with this place by your mercy and grace is you we adore you. It is you. Yes, father. It is [Music] you. Remember how the song goes? By the grace of God alone, heaven son has come to me. Through the cross, my sins are gone. He died. The lamb and rose again. Sing for joy and celebrate. Dance with those who once will death is healing. They say I have been healed in Jesus name. By the grace of God alone, we can stand and testify. Through the blood of Christ, the son we have received eternal life. He savior. Every soul that's lost away, see them turn away [Music] from the s by the grace of God. [Applause] [Music] We can stand and testify through the blood of Christ the son we have receive eternal life. He is worthy. Hallelu Christ the son. Hallelu. He is holy. So lift your voice to the holy one. Hallelu. He is worthy. Hallelu. Christ the son. Hallelu. He is holy. So lift your voice to the holy one. by the grace of God. Oh, thank you, Father. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Through the blood of Christ, the Son, we have received eternal life. Amen. I sought the Lord and he answered me and he delivered me from every fear. Praise the Lord. Those who look on him are rad. They'll never be ashamed. Never be ashamed. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and he saved me from my enemy. The son of God surrounds his name. He will deliver me. He will deliver me. So magnify the Lord with me. Oh come his name together with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. All you say, he gave you everything. Give you everything. [Music] All coming together. stand forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night ever. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise may our instance rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day never ending praise. May our rise. Oh, magnify the Lord. Praise you, Father. Oh, come together. Heat. Heat. Heat. coming with me together with me. Come and follow his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. Give you everything. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Father. Amen. Amen. Just like to take your seats. We have two items. Um, sister Jess first and then brother Joseph. Think it's on. [Music] When you feel weak and weepy, when doubts cloud all your views, Remember God is working. His grace will carry you. He made you in his image. Adopted as his own. Through trials and through struggles, his love has always shown. I believe in what God's doing in your heart and in your life. He's refining. He's transforming through the battles and the strife. He will finish what he started. By his spirit, you'll be strong. I believe in what God's doing. Through you, his work goes on. Though foolishness confounds you and weakness seems so great, the Lord delights in using the humble for his sake. He gifts his saints with purpose to build his church in love, equipping every member with strength from Christ above. I believe in what God's doing in your heart and in your life. He's refining. He's transforming through the battles and the strife. He will finish what he started. By his spirit, you'll be strong. I believe in what God's do. Through you, his word goes on. So take heart when the road is long. For his promises remain. He is shaping. He is leading. Through the joy and through the pain. Every step is held by mercy. Every tear will not be lost. God is working ever faithful. Jesus paid the final cost. I believe in what God's doing in your heart and in your life. He's refining. He's transforming through the battles and the strife. He will finish what he started. By his spirit, you'll be strong. I believe in what God's doing. Through you, his work goes on. Yes, I believe in what he's doing. Forever faithful, true, and kind. Keep your eyes on Christ your savior. His good purpose you will find. [Applause] [Music] [Music] There's one thing that I want most to know you, Lord. and to be known as yours. So I will choose the narrow road to walk with you through the highs and lows. I'm following you. I'm following you cuz no one knows my heart the way you do. I just want to stay close. I just want to stay close cuz the more I see the more I want to know. [Music] Jesus Christ, the word made flesh, your word brings life and your truth brings rest. So I will choose the narrow road to walk with you through the high and low. I'm following you. I'm following [Music] you cuz no one knows my heart the way you do. I just want to stay close. I just want to stay close cuz the more I see the more I want to know. [Music] Oh, where else could I go? You have the words of life. You have the words of life. [Music] Where else do I go? You have the words of life. You have the words of life. I'm following you. I'm following you. Cuz no one knows my heart the way you do. I just want to stay close. I just want to stay close cuz the more I see the more I want. [Music] The more I see you, the more [Music] I see, the more I want to know. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save a rich like you. I was lost, but now I was fly, but now I see was grace that told my heart to fear and grace my fears. [Music] How precious that [Music] be through many angels. is I have already come. [Music] Gra and [Music] Praise me. [Music] [Music] is [Music] shining. Hallelujah. [Music] to sing God's praise and we [Music] we praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Let's sing it again. Praise [Music] God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Can you imagine how it will be when the saints of all the ages sing that together? Amen. One of these days, one of these days you'll go home. Hallelujah. Amen. I wonder if you would just want to take your seats just for a moment if you don't mind. Has everyone enjoyed it so far? Amen. Amen. The Lord is just so good. I kind of feel every year it's the best camp we've had so far and this is definitely no exception. Um it's just amazing how quickly it's running past two services down, two to go and then we have the testimony. Um but really thankful for what the Lord has has been doing for us. Just I'm uh this is this is beyond my expectations. I I'll let you in on something that I I did say to brother um Alistister, but I I said to him um I was fully expecting coming from South Africa that he would be a hardline critical legalist. And I'm so thankful that he's he's not that he's not a liberalist either. We don't want either of those. Amen. But he believes the word, but the way he applies it is is not through a law, but through love. And I love that. I love his his approach and his and his uh yeah, his his heart and everything. Just really been enjoying it. Amen. Um so I'm going to ask you again, and I know I've done this kind of thing before, and and forgive me for asking you to help me remember tomorrow morning. Um, so I've announced before, brother Matan is leaving for Pakistan on Monday and Bala and I are leaving for South Africa on Tuesday. So, um, I would just like us to pray together tomorrow morning and and just commit those trips into the Lord's hands. So, please help me remember that that we don't forget to do that. Um, then also there's something I need to make right. My humor gets me in trouble. You've you know that by now. Um, so I want to make sure the kids understand exactly what I'm going to say. Now, I made a condition to the marshmallows. I said, "If you stay awake, you can have marshmallows, but I'm going to repent of that." That was just me being silly. Okay? You can sleep during the service. Feel free to sleep and then we'll wake you up after the service and then you can have the marshmallows. Is that a deal? Okay. Right. You do that. So, you're welcome to sleep. Okay. Sorry for misleading you on that one. Um then also I I just um we're going to pray now, but I I also you know this is kind of halfway mark through the camp and um you know there's a lot of people doing a lot of things. Has anyone everyone been enjoying the food so far? Yes, I certainly have. Um and um the food team is, you know, is at that point in the weekend where they're starting to feel the the tiredness happening. And I'm sure the likes of Brother Jonathan, Brother Joseph, the musicians, song leaders, different ones. And hope I don't leave anyone out. But um so, so when we're going to pray now, I want us to also just think of all those um people that that is, you know, tired that's been running around and doing stuff. You know, my prayer is that that none of us will will miss what the Lord is doing for us. That we can get maximum out of the service and that our physical tiredness will won't block us from getting everything we can out of the service. Um I also would like to pray for Carissa. She's um she's not feeling great. You're feeling good now. Praise the Lord. We'll pray for you anyway that the that the fever will come down. She's been battling with a very high fever. So we just want to lift it up before the Lord. If anyone else has a prayer request, you can share it or we can just pray anonymously. Okay, let's stand together and we take those things to the Lord. Wonderful father, Lord, oh father, my heart is just overjoyed with thankfulness to you. Oh Lord Jesus, my heart is just bubbling, Father, and appreciation for what you've been doing for us so far this weekend. Lord Jesus, you've been so good to us, Lord. You've been speaking to us, Father. Oh Lord, and tonight, Father, we we want to ask once more, Lord. Please, Lord, come on the scene again tonight. Father, speak to your hearts, oh God. But I pray that the same Holy Spirit that will take a hold of brother Alistister and speak through his lips, Lord, that that same Holy Spirit in each one of our hearts, Lord, will go past every barrier to receive what you have for us, Lord. Oh father, many are tired maybe and has been working hard and doing all sorts of things, Lord, but we want to lift each one up before you tonight and pray that you will just give us a fresh injection of your Holy Spirit, Father. That you will just let us be able to to connect and hear, Father, that our minds won't wander, that we won't feel drowsy, but Father, that we will have a a wonderful time with you. Amen. Oh Lord Jesus, I pray that you will just bless every part of this service. Oh Lord Jesus, I also want to pray for Carissa. Lord, lift her up before you Lord. I pray that you will complete the work that you've started, Lord. Father, we just come against the enemy that always would like to steal and rob the blessings that we can get, Father. And we just want to ask that you'll be gracious to her. Father, I pray for every unspoken request tonight. Father, pray that you will have your way in each one of those things. Oh God, we thank you and we ask it in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we're going to sing a song. Very unusual song. Brother Alistister. It's probably the first time you'll be called up with this song, but we need to make sure we're all awake before we start. Okay. I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. Took back what he stole from me. Took back what he stole from me. I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. is under my feet. It's under my feet. It is under my feet. Satan is under my feet. Oh, I went to the enemy's camp and I took back my sto from me. My [Music] stomach my under my feet is under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Satan is under my feet. Amen. [Applause] Amen. That's definitely a [Music] first. The Lord bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Good evening, saints. That's just a real privilege once again to be sharing God's word with you. I must say I certainly agree with this format of the camp. I think uh you you see what um how much of organization and cooking of food and preparing everything and I think it's not uh conducive to preach very long tiring services but just to bring something substantive that we could fellowship about encourage fellowship and questions is something definitely notable. Amen. So just uh amazed at all the people of God and all those who cooking team and it's been wonderful uh the IT tech all of you just it's been really really amazing cleanups you work like like a welloiled machine that's really good so it's really encouraging and may the Lord bless you and I just uh pray that God continues to just grow you from strength to strength and increase the light of God in your life in this area that you would really be a um a beacon of hope in this uh part of the world and just really my uh my prayer for you. Amen. So once again uh our subject how it all works and this is going to be part three and like we said uh we speaking tonight about rain and air. Amen. So children, you all remember. Good. They're never going to forget this. So today we're going to uh of course teaching on the seed. We're going to begin by reading Matthew chapter 4 verse of chapter 5:45. And it says that you may be the children of your father which is in heaven. For he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. Amen. It's very clear that the light of God hits the world. The rain hits the world without prejudice. Amen. So, but what is more important is that the rain falls on the just and the unjust. It falls on the wheat and the weeds. both rise up and say hallelujah, praise the Lord. But one is wheat and one is weeds. That's how it goes, right? So the world benefits from the revelation of the word of God. The word benefits from the divine nature expressed through the Holy Spirit. Amen. In a church, three kinds of believers will benefit from everything relating to the church. Nobody gets a negative part of the positive blessings of God. Everybody benefits. Like I said uh earlier, why not just follow the Lord? Give you a good even if you don't believe, just follow the rules, follow the the laws of God, follow the wisdom and advice. You'll actually live a better life because there are blessings that come out of it. But anyway, um so we're going to be looking at uh let's see if that's working. Yeah. So rain and air and so basically when we talking about rain we're talking about water because rain will fall uh through the atmosphere and become water on the wheat seed. Amen. So in this diagram that I put up there's the things we we are going to be speaking about. So you can see with that plant uh the plant is grown, there is light, there is air and there we're looking at the rain and we're going to speak about those things relating to the rain. So what I want you to see is you can see in that little diagram, can you see the water falls to the ground and water combined with ground does something for the seed? What are we talking about? how it all works because people put this stuff all over the place and they don't know. One of the the most uh uh amazing things about Christians is after 2,000 years of Holy Ghost dispensation, they don't know what's the Holy Ghost. It's incredible. And uh 2,000 years of church, they don't understand the purpose of church. That's why we need to know exactly where it fits, how it works through. Right? So, water combined with ground and air. Now, here's something that we're breaking into. Do you notice that water and or rain and air form the atmosphere? Atmosphere is very important for the seed, right? So, that's what we're looking at. And we want to understand atmosphere properly because in the church atmosphere is abused. Yes. It is not used correctly. it it is easily abused. So water combined with the ground and the air helps at first the seed to sprout before it becomes a plant. The air the water helps the ground to produce nutrients for the seed and the seed begins to grow. Are you with us? So what is rain? Rain is that which falls upon the ground. Falls upon tells you something. Okay. Falls upon gives us a clue as to what it symbolizes. So what it is is anointing. Can you see what it is? So if the ground is the chosen vessel, right? It is the body and the plant that comes out which is uh the manifestation the first manifestation the stalk the leaves that's going to be drawing on the air. So those of you know anything about plants it is the leaves of the plants that suck in the air of the atmosphere. That's that's the breathing mechanism, right? So what is anointing? That's what's important. Do I need anointing? Why do I need anointing? What is anointing for regarding the church? What is an anointing for regarding the believers? Anointing does not mean atmosphere. Anointing is part of atmosphere. Too many people mistake it for atmosphere or emotions. Anointing is not emotions. Emotions are emotions. You can have emotions without anointing. Exactly. And so this is what happens. We've got to be frank. We've got to be honest. In in the churches, you had charismatic part of the message. You had the intellectual part of the message. And the people who went with the charismatic and the sensations, they see the emotions and they say, "Wow, that's anointed." You can have emotions without any anointing. Or you can have emotions with false anointing. Yeah. You know when the prophet also spoke in anointed ones at the end time. Remember when when the books first came out in the message and I remember the brothers who probably haven't read the books, they were saying, "Brother, we're the anointed ones at the end time." Yeah. Exactly. But when you read the book, it's actually about the false anointed ones at the end time. Amen. He was talking about when there's a Moses, there's a Janis and Jambers. where there's a Zedekiah or where there's a Micaiah, there's a Zedekiah and the false prophets. And brother Baram in that message was saying that while there is the genuine anointed, there are others who have genuine gifts but are falsely anointed to actually receive a vision through their gift but it is against the vision of the truth. So if you read Zedekiah and the 400 prophets were not lying. They actually saw something. The Lord said uh who will go and be a lying spirit in the mouths of the prophets. So Zedekiah and then the reason he slapped Maya was not because uh he was an angry man. He they actually saw something. It was a truly anointed gift. That's what brother speaks about in anointed ones at the end time that it will be so close. Right? So what is anointing? Anointing is ability. It's power. It's not emotions. Anointing or power comes from influence. It is ability given by the Holy Spirit. When you talk about being anointed all I to me I don't get it why churches are still continuing about it being emotions. If a man is anointed when Samson was anointed it gave him ability. That's right. He wasn't speaking in tongues. He went off and tore a lion to pieces and it gave him abilities that are are and those abilities are the abilities needed for the day for the purpose of God for that day. Amen. Right. So when anointing or the influence of Christ came in Acts chapter 2, it produced abilities. The abilities were not the anointing. The anointing is the rain. The influence the influence of the Holy Spirit. Right? So you let me give you an example like let's assume in my church brother Alistister dies passes away and then they will say you know what his anointing is still here. What are they referring to? Parts of my character that still that my influence still remains. They're not saying my spirit is here doing something. It's my influence that still remains and becomes actionable among the people. Right? So my my influence is giving ability to people and that's what uh anointing really is. That's what the rain really is. So anointing is not atmosphere. Right? So too many people make it about atmosphere emotions because of the Greek word charisma which is charisma. Okay. Anyone can have charisma and charisma is dangerous. Charisma means uh or in the Greek is very different to what it means in English. It's not the same. So we charisma C H R I S M A is in the Greek. In the English it is charisma and we use it with charismatic and it's just wrong. It's not the same meaning. Right? Anointing means strength or ability. Amen. So the life of God is going to give you strength and ability to fulfill a purpose. That's what it's about. All right. So when we look at anointing, where does anointing come from? So most people in churches think anointing comes from this this mysterious Holy Ghost presence that does something. And it's like people don't know or cannot identify where it comes from. It's got to like it's almost like religions where you got to work yourself up into some kind of trance and then people get mesmerized or hypnotized or that's religious. That's not the Holy Ghost. That's not anointing. Where does influence come from? Influence comes from the word. Right? So when you look at this Holy Ghost anointing, it is affecting the spirit. Can you see the ground is your body? Right? But the whole portion above ground is spirit. Air forms part of spirit. Rain forms part of spirit. What is spirit? Brother said that's part of the mind. The mind is the womb of the soul. It's the place of reasoning. It's the place of logic. It's the place where seed can be sown here and thought can be sown and he said drops down to the soul and becomes alive. Right? So this is the area the spirit where it's your conscious uh realm right and somehow the other the holy ghost the holy spirit has to affect you like right now you're looking at me you're listening to me your eyes are taking everything in your ear iss taking everything in all that is going into your mind and you are processing it right this is your mind at work so this is already telling you you are listening to the word, right? And it's so powerful and so foolish at the same time. The Bible says the foolishness of preaching. Did you ever think of why it's foolishness? I mean, just look at all of you sitting here looking at me and I'm talking and you got so used to this, you don't think about it anymore. I mean, what am I saying to you? And then some of you are nodding along agreeing with me and some smiling and wow like what's going on? Why are we doing this stuff? It's so weird. Right. But we are made that way because words our influence. So where does where does ability come from? Where does anointing come? Word brings spoken word brings influence which brings ability. Right? So that's what we've got to focus on. It is that anointing that comes through the word. If you have anointing without the word, yeah, it's not the right anointing for this seed. Amen. Amen. That's it. So if anointing that people claim is singing and worship and shouting and screaming and all of that, that's not even it. That's not even close. Okay? That is not the anointing of God. That is you giving praise to him. See, so I want to show this to you because let's go to the scripture. Uh I want to show you because we've got former reign to talk about. We've got latter rain to talk about. And what reign actually is is spoken word. Amen. Spoken word. There it is. And five-fold ministry has been required in the time when the church is growing. When you are growing, you require the five-fold ministry because that's where your spoken word comes from. Written word is is read and interpreted by you. spoken word comes through atmosphere through the atmosphere to you like right now you're listening to something you're listening to something being spoken that that can either make you a believer or an unbeliever that can influence you in many different ways that influence can become ability you'll take what you hear you'll either put it into practice and you'll manifest it and it could become powerful and useful to you or it can become useless to you. Yeah. So, how many of you believe anointing is teaching? Scripture. But the anointing which you have received of him abideth in you, and you need not that any man teach you, but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things, and is truth and is no lie. And even as it had taught you, you shall abide in him. Anointing teaches you. Anointing is teaching. That's amazing. See, because this is what I mean. It's like this is so simple, but people have forgotten this over time. People are people assume that anointing. Oh, brother, that was an anointed service. What did he preach? I'm not really sure. But it was anointed. They're mixing up emotions. They don't know what he taught, but the feeling was great. And did you come out and become stronger in faith or you just more emotional? Amen. So what we see here in this part of the anointing which is actually the teaching of the word through the gifts of the Holy Spirit is we have two parts. former reign which brother Brandham says is teaching rain and latter rain. Amen. Now the thing about this uh teaching rain and latter rain is we've had denominations literally built upon it. Yeah. Right. So you can see harvest rain. So in terms of the plant we have uh teaching rain. He says I will send you I think I've got it here. Let's see. There it is in Hosea. Then shall we know, if we follow on to know the Lord, his going forth is prepared as the morning. He shall come unto us. He shall come unto us as the rain, as the latter and former rain unto the earth. God himself, his influence, his ability will come to us in teaching. Teaching reign with ability, right? and former and latter. So the prophet actually defines it for us and tells us what is former rain, what is teach, what is latter rain. So one type of rain actually starts the plant growing because you need the first rains to get the the the seed to germinate. Is that right? And that's the rain that God controls because you can't swamp the ground with it. The seed will rot. So uh sewing rain is very different to harvesting rain. Yeah. And then he says, so you understand the first influence when you are just a tender plant, a seed form is a different kind of you can't give this person the depths of the of the spoken word yet. You've got to start off with with with sewing rain. And he and he and he says we let's read it. He says, "Be glad then you children," this is Joel 2:23. Be glad then, you children of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord your God, for he hath given you the former reign moderately. See, that's how he starts off with us. He's giving us moderate ability because you're still an infant, right? You're not uh going to give an infant a power tool. He doesn't even have the ability to use it, right? You're going to give him something small to deal with. But as he gets older, then you can let him handle the power tools, right? So um he gives you the former rain moderately and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain and the latter rain in the first month. So when it comes time to the harvest, he brings back former rain and latter rain. Amen. Yes. Right. So there must be a falling of former. So he started off with former reign moderately teaching reign moderately in the very beginning stages but in the end you're going to get the fullness because you've come to maturity and it's going to be re so look at the people who want to res who want to go back and bring back gifts which was former part of former reign are teaching from way back then which was uh former reign in moderation Yeah. When now it's you're supposed it's like uh Hebrews chapter 5. Uh when the time is that you should be teachers, you are still desiring the sincere milk of the gospel. Whereas right now you should be those who have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil. You should all be teachers. This should be the time we are receiving former and latter rain in in its abundance to bring forth the fruit. It's the fruit stage. It's the manifestation time. Amen. And uh so just to give you some part, you know, growing up in South Africa, uh I'm not sure because I can only tell you my experience. I'm not sure what it was like here in New Zealand, but we had uh a barrage plethora I don't know what was of doctrines that that flew through our country that confused the people that shook them from left to right up and down and the poor people like didn't know who to believe or where to go. We had all kinds. We had the super emotional. We had the super intellectual. We had the reasoning. We had the ministries fighting with each other about about uh the the different doctrines, the seven seal, the holy ghost, the seven thunders, the cood. You had people who were tossed to and fro. You had this group that was called or the like the Perua group. And then you had like the seven thunder, seven virtues group. And then that came through in the 70s and 80s. And then you had these people who got terrified of both side and said, "Let's just stay with the ABCs. Let's just stay with COD. Let's just stay with water, baptism, godhead, serpent seed, and you know, get our lives right, dress right, do all keep all the rules right, and wait for the rapture. Leave those people." When we received them the message in Newcastle, uh my dad when he was the only church in Newcastle, so we had no influence from everybody else. But when the message came to us, they told us if you hear anyone talk about seven seal, seven thunders, third pull, don't believe them. They are false. Can you imagine giving people the message with that kind of uh beginning? And like few months later, my dad is reading the church ages and the seventh seal and he goes back to the same person and says, "But the seventh seal is open and we are in the third pool and the coming of the Lord is happening. brand new in the message and and saying that and then uh having already been told that you shouldn't be talking about it. And he said, "But how do well he says it in the books." So we had people confusing the teaching. But what happens when you don't get the right teaching? You're losing the ability. The power, the anointing is the ability. It's power. Anointing is power. It is ability. Right? So, do you all agree? Reign is teaching. I don't want to labor the point cuz I know you have it. Reign is spoken word which comes through five-fold ministry. It rains on the just and the unjust. We preach to three kinds of believers. We preach to all people. It's given freely. We express the word. Everyone receives it. But people will interpret it different, right? So it's going to need something. It's going to have to work with ground and air to be beneficial to the seed. Amen. So the purpose of the ministry and this is the difference and this is what you need to be aware of. Anyone can have a ministry. We have got so many we have got thousands of messages. We have got the table. We've got the Bible in every app possible. We have got everything at our fingertips. It is so easy to study the word and come and talk. It is so easy to to read the message or play tapes or and come and talk and and preach and claim to have a ministry. But is that ministry coming from God with ability? That's right. or is it coming across with a different agenda? We have been told that false Christ will arise and deceive many. We've been warned which means there will be giving people ability that is against the original seed. And here's the thing about the seed of God. It will not accept false ministry. It it it cannot thrive under that. It will seek to find the right thing. It will follow his voice. Amen. So the purpose of the ministry, young man, if you're desiring to get into the ministry someday, you have to meet God personally. Amen. Because you are working with the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's not a place to fool around. That's not a place to think you can stand there and deceive people or preach something to to make them or use charisma to convince. We are not here to convince you. Amen. Because if you are convinced into the message, you will be convinced out. And be convinced in so many other things. We are not here to do that. We are here to express the deep calling to the deep and the deep responding. There has to be something inside you. Whatever is inside you is going to draw something out. There's it's going to express a need and God's going to respond to that need. Amen. So if you are desiring something, people uh churches desire something. That's why churches even exist. They desire something and they will kick out a pastor and choose another one because it's convenient to them. They will u I'm talking about uh denominational Christian churches, right? everywhere. They will choose somebody who is convenient and if if something is not working out, they'll report him to the denominational headquarters and say, "Please get him out. Get someone else in here. This guy is too much of this and too much of that." And the next thing, they've changed the ministry. Right now, here's the beautiful part of it. What does water do with the seed? Water is absorbed through the ground. Right. So ability the spoken word is absorbed through the body through the ground. It understands because what is ability? Ability is to do something. What does anything? Your body. Your body has to act. Your body has to manifest what word it's receiving. Your body has to receive ability. Your eyes have to receive power. Your ears have to receive power. Your tongue has to receive power to express the word that it is receiving. You believe that? So what is now? Think of the seed, right? The water falls upon the ground. It's pooling over that mud and it gets sucked in and then the water disappears. And it it goes into this vessel. Beautiful. I hope you're seeing what I'm seeing right now. Here's the amazing thing. We spoke about all the nutrients in the ground. all the worms and smut and filth and you know all the nutrients, all the vitamins, right? How does the seed take in the nutrients? It it cannot extract the nutrients from the ground without water. Water is because the those tendrils from the roots are going to extract pull in water. The water will attach and absorb the nutrients in the soil. That means gifts that are in your body, abilities, conditions, things that are unique to you. The Holy Ghost through that word comes into that vessel and through that water, it's going to absorb what is needed for the seed. That's how water, what are we talking about? How it all works together. That's why you need the Holy Ghost. Let's make it plain. Whatever gift you have, you can use it in any different way. Whatever situation you have, let's say even the bad things that happen in your life, you will never be able to weaponize it effectively without the spoken word. Because you cannot yourself absorb it into your soul to make it effective through that seed. That's why you need the anointing of God. The anointing which only comes from the word rain forms a special part of the work of the Holy Ghost that is beyond gifts. Th this ability we're we're not talking about tongues interpretations prophecies dreams and visions. Okay, I feel we need to settle that. Tongues, prophecies, dreams, visions were given for an infant church when there was no fullness of the word. Why? All they had was the gospel of Christ that Christ died, rose again. There's a resurrection. Acts chapter 2 came in. They had no Bible. They had no uh nothing else but their witness of Christ. They needed to take the gospel of Christ to the world having no text, no scripture, no training. The only way you could appeal to Gentiles was through the gifts of the Holy Ghost. That's the purpose for the gifts. If you have the husband who is the word today, what is the reason for wanting gifts, prophecies, dreams, visions? What can dreams, visions, prophecies, and gifts of the Holy Ghost do that is above the revealed word of the hour? The revealed word of the hour is the husband. The giver of gifts. You are married to the giver. You You needed gifts when you were espoused, when you were engaged, when you were betrothed. But when you are married, why are you still desiring those things? At this point in your life, if you have received the open book, you why are you why are we trying to resurrect something that was necessary for infant church? Amen. If you are doing that, it means you are not feeding on the revealed word of the hour. So, we're not saying that gifts cannot happen in a church because there are always new people that come in who need a confirmation via the gift. And if the Lord wills, he will allow gifts to operate. Don't disregard the scripture. Where there are prophecies, they will fail. Where there are tongues, they will fail. Where there are all those gifts, they will fail. But charity never faileth. What is charity? Love the capstone. Go on with it. When I was a child, I spake as a child. Yeah, that was Acts chapter 2. I did this as a child. I did that. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. Read the context of 1 Corinthians 12 and 13. It was talking about the gifts, gifts of the Holy Ghost. I give you the gifts of the Holy Ghost. It even tells them tongues is the least of the gifts. Yeah. You know, I when I preached this in my church, one of my older sons came to me and said, "Dad, what gift do you have?" I said, "Nobody's ever asked me that before. Let me sit down." He said, and then before I answered, he said, "I feel like your gifts are wisdom and knowledge." I said, "I I I don't know what to say." He said, "Because you obviously don't prophesy. You don't speak with tongues." And he said, "Nobody seems to want those ones, but they are mentioned first." I said, "Well, because no one has asked me that before, I kind of feel like you're right because all that I ever do to help people is take the word and give them the wisdom of the word." And advice and counseling seems to be the most of my life, right? So remember what you actually need today is the spoken word which comes across in an application of wisdom. You need the wisdom of the Lord today. If you have the open book, you are you are supposed to be speaking and when it says prophesy, what is it actually saying, right? to all kindreds, nation, tribes, and tongue. You are supposed to be giving this word across to the people because you have the revelation of all things. That's right. That's where the church is supposed to be. We are not supposed to be desiring the sincere milk of the word. This is the day of teaching, true full complete teaching of the word. Amen. It's a very sensitive subject in many places in the message all across the world because everyone has this kind of uh um idea of what the Holy Ghost is and different most places see the Holy Ghost as um like atmosphere like emotions. It is atmosphere but we'll we'll talk about that. You know, brother Bam says you can take an egg and put it under a puppy and it will still hatch because anything can create an atmosphere, right? What do we need? And we're coming to that in a little while. So rain forms a special part of the work of the Holy Ghost that is beyond the gift. Are you still with us? So the Holy Ghost preaching anoints the body and the spirit, the ground and the life within the plant. Is that right? That the water gets sucked up into the seed, the seed swells, the seed breaks open, it releases the life, roots come out, and then the roots get stuck into the ground. I love that. That seed gets stuck into me. It starts using me. And the more water falls into that, it starts taking all my habits, all my uniqueness, all my bad speech, right? This weird man that I am and uses it in ways I had no ide even confesses who he was. every single son of God uh confesses who he was and and his inabilities, right? And his his inability to have confidence and now the the seed starts getting stuck in and roots start to start moving and it starts pulling from my experiences, from my failures, from my good points, from my positives, from my genetics, from everywhere and it starts giving me ability. Yeah. Right. And the plant absorbs the water through the ground. That's why you need to physically be in church. Amen. Your body has to literally be here and hear the word. Amen. This cyber stuff is something else, right? You have to be here. So the root then uses the water to absorb nutrients from the ground. The life of God in the believer uses this anointing of the word to give good abilities for the purpose of God for this day. Right? So what is the purpose of the bride today? Right? We need to know why are you a church here in this place? What why are we even here? Why are we still continuing this machine? What's going on? There is a purpose that we have. There is a global purpose that we have. There is a a purpose here in the town where you live. There is a purpose in the families. There is a purpose that you have to find which is only related to the bride. You are the only people on the face of the earth in the history of time. That is under an anointing of being the husband uh the wife of the word. Yeah, you are the only people that ever existed since the fall of man that can have this their body, soul, and spirit married to the word. Amen. That's what the open book has done. Right? That comes with a purpose which I'm not going to speak about this weekend. doctrines from that spoken word which comes freely to you allow the body to behave in a manner that is in line with the life of the seed. So there's a seed stuck inside, right? God has sewn it. You don't know, you barely know what the truth really is. You don't even know uh what the seed needs. You don't know what divine nature the seed is going to produce. But this seed is going to respond to the divine nature that God is going to give. This seed knows this this gene knows. It's going to respond to that. Right? So when why do you say amen? Because something inside responds to that which is conducive to the seed. If it isn't, you don't respond. Right? So you will hear a spoken word, it will rain down upon you and the seed will respond. Right? That's that deep calling to the deep. So doctrines is what is preached by the five-fold ministry. We call it doctrines. You know what doctrines actually are? Doctrines are applications of teaching. Like Paul says, the doctrines of baptism. Baptism is an application of teaching. Right? Doctrine is what the church practices. We too loosely use the word doctrine. We think well the seventh under doctrine. No, that's a seventh teaching. The doctrine is the application of that teaching. So doctrine becomes the strength of the plant is the application of what it has absorbed. Are you with us? This doesn't sound too much like a biology lecture, does it? But it's how you understand how everything works. So the purpose of the Holy Ghost, here it is. The Holy Ghost comes. You were born conceived in sin, conceived by sexual desire. You come with already the nature of a mammal beast. You come with passions, lusts, desires. And uh in the Bible, lust is not just speaking about sexuality. Lust is a desire for anything pleasurable, food, drink, entertainment, right? They are all lust. There are deep desires that come from within. Right? So the purpose of the Holy Ghost and this is why you need to be in church. This is why it is necessary. It suppresses lust to give you the ability to believe. Yeah. That's why you need the Holy Ghost. Without the Holy Ghost, you're an animal. You know the quote, take the Holy Ghost off a man, he becomes brute beast. COD. Is that right? So, the purpose of the Holy Ghost, young people, why do you need the Holy Ghost? Because the Holy Ghost suppresses lust. Because lust make you a wild creature. It's like if if ever you had a whole bunch of puppies, have you seen You can't teach those things manners. You just put like food there on the floor. Like if you have 12 puppies and you just put a little like all of them and then while while he's eating his one is he's got his eye on the other one's bowl. Have you seen that? That's what you you will become like without the Holy Ghost. You just want this that that's satisfying you and then you eyeing something and you coveting something else and then you want that too and then you didn't get enough of that and then you want that. Can that's what humans are like without the Holy Ghost. Exactly. The purpose of the Holy Ghost is to subdue the negative character, right? So that the body and spirit can have a positive character and that will show itself. So there is another part of the Holy Ghost and that is the air. Amen. So what you need to do is understand what the Holy Ghost is, what the Holy Spirit is and the purpose of the Holy Ghost. Now here's a problem. If you have torrential rains, you do destroy the seed, right? Because you're going to wash out the seed. So you can't be a church that is like all you ever get is like torrential rains like just teaching teaching teaching teaching you know and and is basically hammering the ground and the people you can actually see them tiring just can't make it anymore year after year after year they're desiring just some relief at the same time drought, right? It needs the right amount of rain. That's so beautiful because he tells you, I send you the former rain and the latter rain in the first month. So, there is a sewing rain and a harvest rain. Don't you love him, saints? All right, let's go to the air. And this is equally beautiful, right? That beautiful crisp space. around everything. What do you think air is? And this is where it becomes really personal to you and this is going to give you purpose within your own church. What is air? Okay, air with a plant. We know we take air for granted. Yes. We breathe it in and out. It's amazing. You try it every once in a while. You just get so relaxed. Nighttime the plants breathe in the carbon dioxide and kick out oxygen for us. We breathe out the carbon dioxide for the for the for the trees to breathe in. It's just the circulation of atmosphere and it's so beautiful. It speaks of a spiritual dimension. It's so mysterious. It's around us. It has moisture and it has nitrogen. And it's got the right amount of carbon dioxide and oxygen at a certain level. It it uh allows carbon dioxide to rise to create greenhouse so that there's enough moisture kept in and it filters out the heat. The ultraviolet rays so that it that the light just doesn't burn everything to to to crisp. This this air we take for granted. It's so beautiful. That's right. It's cooling. It's satisfying. And once in a while we get this strange force that blows air at us. The winds of his spirit rushing mighty wind sometimes. It's amazing. Air speaks of atmosphere. Amen. What is atmosphere responsible for? For the right climate. What is climate? The right conditions for the growth of the plant. Air has natural gases, temperatures. It it uh regulates the temperature, right? And it brings in the right gases that sometimes at uh you will see at ponds and swamps there's like high nitrogen and and it's necessary. That's why our governments keep swamps because they produce the right amount of gases. And they tell you if you're in regions where there's lots of frogs, it's a healthy ecological system. For for those who don't like frogs, bad luck. We need them around, right? And you hear all that croaking and everything. All those creatures work together and release things into the atmosphere and they're all working so beautifully for us. This air that we breathe that we depend on. If you ever saw people struggling to breathe, you realize how precious air is. Some some lung disease or anaphylactic shock or something where they're allergic to peanuts or something and they're it's the worst thing ever. Somebody struggling to breathe. Suffocation. Why is this important? Right. What does air do? Air works in conjunction with light. Yeah. Yes. Right. Because there's this amazing process called photosynthesis in the leaves which it's going to work together with light, air and water because the water is going to come in and then this amazing thing called sugars which has the energy which is the food created for the plant to grow. Right? So air is the perfect medium because light uses air to go through to hit the plant. Are we together? So it's what does it speaks of spiritually? What creates the atmosphere? What creates the air? Okay, that is the church. That is the church. That's why God ordained the church. Did you know what church is really about? Church is what creates the atmosphere for believing. That's why you do not forsake the assembling together of the saints. That's what church is about. Church is a part of the Holy Ghost. It's the assistance of the gifts. Like while thinking on these thoughts, I'm I'm watching here, watching you. I'm always watching everything. It just you just can't help it. But I've seen how some of you older sisters, you just know you need to help the belief of the younger sisters. So you you come in during the service, you help with their children. It's like without thinking, you just know, let let me hold your child. Let me take care of your child for you while, you know, while you're busy because I also want you to enjoy the service. And I also What are you doing? You're giving them you're giving them space to breathe. Simple things, not even supernatural gifts. What happens when you're a new person coming into your church? The members of the church are going to give them air to breathe. They're going to set the right atmosphere for believing. That's a quote, by the way. You've got to create the atmosphere for believing. What is the church doing with the worship service with the prayer? So what what is this tradition we are we are keeping? Why are we even doing what we are doing? Because we want to create the atmosphere for believing. It's only about that. Right? So church gives focus. It gives purpose. It gives direction to the seed. Right? It provides an atmosphere in which plants can grow. Now think about it. What do you do in a constrictive atmosphere? Think about what Christ said. Your traditions made the word of none effect. That's what happens when a church becomes a traditional thing, a religion. If it becomes oppressive, if it becomes liberal, what is it doing? It's breaking down the atmosphere of believing. Why would people follow a false doctrine? Why would people follow uh weird things? Because the church is creating an atmosphere that is conducive to that. And then the plant becomes corrupt. So each one of you remember I told you in the first service, you're going to learn about what it is you what purpose you actually have. I told you in the beginning, when you realize what all this is about, you realize you're not coming to church for yourself. Amen. You are here to create the atmosphere of believing for one and all. Not just for you here in New Zealand, but also for me somewhere else and for other people. So, you'll notice how quick you get in line when a new person comes into church. It's like instinctively. You're not thinking, "Oh yeah, another member, more tithes, more offerings." You're not even thinking about that. You're thinking, "How can I help? How can I assist you understand? How can I make you comfortable? How can I make things easier for you? How can I You're not used to it." What happens then when you become a church that somebody walks in and they're they got lipstick and earrings and what are you going to do? Are you going to make an atmosphere of believing or rejection? Yeah. What happens when your children are growing? Are you going to create an atmosphere of believing or something that forces them out? Something that stifles air that is smutty, full of fog. You It's It makes things invisible. You can't even see the word. The air is even working against the rain which is the spoken word. It means every one of us has the responsibility when we come in here to create the atmosphere of believing and being a church is not here only in the sanctuary it's on the outside. I asked my church recently, I said to them, when I go out and preach wherever I am, I'm representing you. That's right. I'm standing there. I'm respecting the people. I'm dressed respectfully. I'm respecting you. I'm standing there. When I'm there, you're looking and you're saying, "That's my pastor. Can you imagine if I I said to them, can you imagine if I came here and I spoke in horrible language and acted like a fool in front of the whole world and and uh used bad, you know, terminology and made weird jokes behind the pulpit and and uh spoke confusing things that nobody can understand and made a mockery of the message. What would you be saying? Because I'm representing you. I said this to my church. I said, "So when you are out there at work, you're representing me." That's right. When you're at school, at university, you're representing me. You are the church. You are a reflection of me. Where I go, I stand for you. You should stand for me. You should stand for each other. You are not just responsible for yourself. When you're out with your friends and you're listening to jokes full of filth, you are there representing me. You are a representation. A church is the body. Just by your misstep on the outside, you spoil the atmosphere of believing for others. You have a responsibility to others. Why are we still tossed about? Why are we still here? Why is it not accelerating? Why are people fainting? Why are they running the race and then being hindered? Why are we losing the ability to be responsible to one another to create the air that we can breathe? Amen. Where the rain works through the ground to germinate the seed to help the root to absorb nutrients, the air works with light. Amen. To transform the nutrients into that magic food called sugar. We're going to learn about light tomorrow. Right? So what I'm saying is you can preach doctrines and you can have charisma. You can have uh emotional services that the reason why people will not receive light is the air is to dance. You'll be living under a cloud of darkness, gloom. the air if so these are so there's so many important things to this this is why before the Sunday service you make sure Saturday night you're not on the town out you're you're prayed up you're meditating you're praying for your pastor you're praying for the minister who's going to preach you're thinking Lord let him preach something that benefits my soul let him preach something that's for my children let him preach something that's you're meditating you're coming prepared head to create an atmosphere of believing you love him saints air must this is the important part and I'm I'm going to close it down just now uh I'm uh air must create the right atmosphere for the plant to absorb light do you see rain works with the ground light works with the air light tempers the air I mean the air tempers the light because the light is too powerful. Light has heat with it. Light can burn the plant. Air has to the the atmosphere of believing um helps the plant to absorb light with the right uh temperature to to create food that sustains. What's the ultimate? We want the seed to come out in the end time. And then there's going to be light that burns that shock. That's the That's the end light. Amen. And we got to see what that light is. So air must create the right atmosphere. We're almost done. So what is the role of the church? Think about all that we have to do, right? Creating the atmosphere of believing. We must correctly manage the gifts, right? We are given those instructions. We want the the the New Testament is full of instructions for for the church correctly managing the gifts. If we don't I'll give you some examples, right? If you uh um take gifts that are in the church, all right, it seems to me that I don't know why, but a lot of the gifted people with like dreams and visions and and even sometimes speaking with tongues seem to be women. There's always more women than men. And it it becomes problematic. I I don't I don't know why I'm saying all this, but it's from my experience. In our church, when we had people with the gifts, I wouldn't let the sister come and talk to me by herself. If she saw a dream or a vision, I asked her to write it down like the prophet says. Because if you don't write it down, you can redream it just based on your human ability. And then your after God has given it to you, you can redream it because it's bothering you and your own nature adds stuff to it. So write it down. Then go through your husband because if you're a sister, your gift must operate through your headship because that will keep that gift humble. Cuz what I've seen is when sisters have an a gift of something, they start to spiritually overpower the man. The poor guy gets terrified in case she has a dream about him. I literally heard that from a man. He was like, I don't even want to know, brother. I'm terrified. What if she I was like, if you're not doing anything wrong, why are you terrified? You know, but so I helped them to keep this under headship because gifts have to come under subjection, right? So I'm just I'm just giving you one example. Look at what Paul tells them. Uh if you're going to speak with tongues and there's no interpretation, don't don't you can't even just come and say, "Well, I couldn't help it. The Holy Ghost is no." Paul says, "Don't. It's it's not needful and it's not beneficial to the church." He says, "You're like a barbarian. You're speaking to me in something I don't understand. What's the point of prophesying in tongues and there's no interpreter?" So, if there's going to be tongues, there must be an interpretation. Yes. Amen. Right. And I'm sorry this rabbi. What is that's glossalia? Don't come and fool me with that stuff. That's what the Pentecostals do. I just said the same thing because I heard it so often. Did that mean I spoke in tongues? According to Acts chapter 2, they spoke in other people's languages. That's right. Why do we not see that? And in brother Baron's church, there was a a person who spoke French and there was a French man who interpreted it. See, don't accept Pentecostalism which is on drugs. You know, it's like in a frenzy. It's Pentecostalism. It's abused Pentecostalism. Why can it not be according to the scripture? When you do that, when you allow those things to run free, they create an atmosphere which is not conducive to believing the open book. It's against the open book. When the it's time for the for the intense light to come to create rapturing faith, you're still babies. And it's the church's duty to create the atmosphere of believing. Amen. Handle the gifts correctly. Show respect. Give us air to breathe. Do not be stifling. Do not make it thick. Do not make traditions of church and religion and cood get in the way of believing. Amen. Prayer. Look at the things the church does. Prayer. Worship. Handle your worship correctly. Amen. Praise. Praise must be real. Handle your praise correctly. Togetherness. have lots of togetherness, right? Be united, help one another, lift one another. You know, it's like when you see someone uh having a bad time, something's wrong in the home. And what happens is when when a person is overwhelmed with stress, the atmosphere of believing is diminishing, right? It's your duty as the body of Christ to relieve that. so that you can bring them back to believing so they can deal with the stress. You don't want to take the stress away because the stress is there for a purpose. You just have to slightly lighten the load so that they can believe more, receive more faith and deal with the stress, right? So you know what stress is, right? So imagine a concrete block here about that about a meter high and a concrete block there about a meter high and you got a wooden plank across there, right? And now I I come in with a 50 kg bag of cement, put it on the plank. The plank has fibers in it, atoms that are molecules that are bonded. And the 50 kg, this plank is really strong. It's 50 kgs. It's so proud it can hold it. That's good. And then the the the molecules start to adjust, right? Because gravity is pushing down on this thing. And it's great. Then tomorrow I come back, I take off the bag, put it down and the plank is okay back to normal. You applied stress that stress force applied is stress for a day. What happens when you leave that stress for 3 months then the molecules in the in the wood says we need to adjust. So it starts bending. Right? Imagine your fragile human spirit that has stress that is not being relieved. Stress is good because it strengthens the bond of the molecules. But if stress stays there too long, it's going to bend and eventually when you take it the bag off after 3 months, it retains its shape. Which means the stress has been applied too long and it's bent you. The thinking of people is let's flip it around and put the bag on top and then the molecules have bonded like that and you try to think that this is the the solution and you'll break it. This is why stress is is necessary because it strengthens the bond but when it's left too long it bends and it stays damaged for a very long time. So as a church, you can't leave your brother under stress for ages and ages and ages. You need to relieve some of the load. You need to come up and and help him out. If it's in whatever way possible, it is our job as the church to be able to create the atmosphere of believing. Amen. There are so many ways. So prayer, worship, togetherness, managing brotherhood, restoring the brotherhood. What did brother Ram say that when you're a church and you're receiving the word, what is Satan going to do? Break up the brotherhood. Your job is to maintain the brotherhood. Right? M I love that because in the Bible it tells you to keep the unity. It doesn't say have unity. It doesn't say create unity. It says, "Keep the unity." Here's another analogy about unity before we close. Unity is beautiful, right? How many bakers do we have here? Everyone said, "Yulen, no other bakers." I'm sure in some way. All right. Did you ever think about the mystery of adding egg, milk, butter, sugar, flour, completely different things from completely different sauces and some vanilla essence. And then you take these things and you mix them all up and it looks like this ugly goop. And then they all different things, right? And it it looks like play-doh almost. And then you take this thing, you put it in a nice pan and you put it in the oven and you look at that stuff, it looks icky. It looks stinky. The egg, you know, it's like and it looks lumpy. Can look like a horrible skin disease sometime, right? put it inside and then the smell starts emanating through the house. People walk in, the kids are, "Is it ready?" Husband wants a slice. He comes from work, the smell is emanating through the house, right? And then the cake comes out of the oven and it's there. When the cake is there, do you ever see the eggs start to separate or the milk leak out or the sugar drop out or the vanilla essence evaporate? How is it keeping its unity? Unity means it's one. It's no longer egg and they it's all called cake. It has a oneness. It has a togetherness and it doesn't separate. Amen. That's the kind of togetherness we ought to have as the body of Christ. We can't do without each other. I can't do without you. We shouldn't be this people that isolate and like from that from that place if the egg had to separate the entire cake flops and then it's disgusting, right? I mean, nobody likes to eat raw egg, right? Well, I don't. But it's it's got to be in this mysterious mixture for it to be this this amazing taste, this amazing cake. Birthday cake is fantastic. Nobody doesn't love birthday cake, right? Imagine a church where the unity is kept. It's tasteful. It's lovely. People enjoy. People like me come from South Africa and see, "Wow, these people are amazing." But if you if you're isolate, if you're sitting off, you're depressed, you're against one another, you feel like, yeah, you know, this church, they have a problem and you know, some people are problematic and no, if you're complaining, you're problematic. Keep the togetherness because it's creating an atmosphere of believing. Praise be to God. Encourage salvation. Encourage forgiveness. encourage confession, be supportive. Amen. Why? Why is that important? We have an open book that needs to be received. And amazingly, you don't realize how important that is for revelation, which is light. Amen. It's so taken for granted that the air is important for revelation that it will affect revelation. The one thing we know Christ told us your traditions made the word of none effect. For the word of God, you took and preached traditions. Traditions of man makes the word of none effect. Amen. Musicians, you can come up. This is the rain and the air. And this is four things that we saw how they work together for the good for them that are called. Amen. Do not take the gathering of the saints for granted. Do not think any one of you is irrelevant. Every one of you with whatever you come with, with your baggage, with your experience, with everything, you are relevant to the air. You are going to be conducive to revelation. You are going to make revelation applicable. You are going to help the absorption of light to create the right food for growth. We are never going in the rapture individually. We are going together. Nobody's winning the race over somebody else. We need the atmosphere of believing. There's no brother so and so from America who's going to get the open book epiphany before anybody else. or get there before any. No, we're are going together. Do not think you are irrelevant. Every one of you, every child, even the problems you give us as a child is relevant. It's valuable. Your questions are valuable. E every addition that you have that you bring to the church is valuable. You are the air that we breathe together. You are the atmosphere that is created and you are the cherished possession of God and we love you with all our heart and we want to do everything we can to serve you as best that we can. Amen. Let us bow our heads. Amen. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we love you with all our heart. Oh God, you are truly wonderful. We are thankful for the body of Christ. this mysterious beautiful body of Christ. Lord, it's been generations since the first church age. It's been the word is dripping with blood. It has been passed down to us through those generations. They traveled across lands. They traveled across oceans. They suffered death and illness and imprisonment. They faced judges. They faced the circus of Rome. They faced governments of oppressive regimes. They faced so many difficulties. But we are here together because of the beautiful church of God. That for generations gave us the air to breathe. We are here because of the word that came in the days of the prophet of the hour that brought the air to breathe in the church, regulated the gifts, brought us the wisdom of first Corinthians 14, taught us how to temper everything. And with that, the light came. The light shone and pulled us out of darkness. Lord, we appreciate everything that you've done. We appreciate the five-fold ministry around the world in this little church that preaches the word that brings the rain when it's necessary that brings this the sewing rain to the new that that brings the teaching rain the former and latter rain to bring those to their adoptive positions where they can be of great help to others around them. Truly Lord, the way these things work is more than wonderful, more than marvelous, more than we could ever imagine. I pray for every office holder, every preacher, every ministry in this church. Oh God, every individual. May they know how much you hold them in value, how much they mean to us, how much they mean to every child. May the enemy never come in and devalue them in any way because they create the air that we breathe. They are conducive to your eternal gene seed that lays within every soul. Blessed be your holy name. We praise you, oh God, and give you all the praise and the glory and the honor for you are worthy of all praise. For you have taken the book and loosed the seals and brought great redemption to us. We are so thankful. Bless your holy name, Lord. We ask all of these things in your precious name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother. The song leader, come on up, brother. You love him, saints. Amen. Worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. Bless you, [Music] brother. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. [Music] There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like [Music] you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for your cross you paid, bearing all my sin and shame. In love you came hanging amazing [Music] grace this love Lord gave me. Thank you for the [Music] name. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb seed on the cross. We grant you now with many crowns. We reign victorious high lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven. Crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. [Music] Thank you for the price you pay. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the me. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know, your forgiveness. Embrace worthy of the lamb seated on the cross. The true ground with many ground you reus. The son of God with measure of heaven. Where is the Lord? [Music] Worthy is the lamb. is my heart, [Music] Lord. Here is my heart, Lord. Here my heart, Lord. Speak what's truth cuz I am found. I am yours. I am love. How made pure I have life. I can breathe. I am healed. I am free. Here is my heart, Lord. Here is my heart, Lord. Praise the Lord. He is my heart. Lord, speak what is true. Cuz I am found. I am yours. I am love. I'm made pure. I have life. I can breathe. I am here. I am free. Cuz you are strong and you are sure. You are alive. You enjoy. You are good. Always true. You are light breaking through. is my heart. Is my heart is my heart. Speak what is true. Oh, here my life is my life. is my [Music] life. I am found. I am your I am the thank you father. I made you. I have life. I can breathe. I am here. I am free. Cuz you are strong. You are. You are alive. You good. You are good. Always true. And you are for you are. You are here. You are You are You are great. You all I have is you're everything. Yes, Father. Oh, he's my heart. My heart is my heart. What is my life? is my heart. Lord, speak what is [Music] true. Speak what is [Music] true. Speak what is truth. [Music] No matter what I see, no matter what I hear, no matter what I feel. Yes, Lord, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it cost, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken. [Music] Halleluah on the altar. And if I look at it, it seems like it's over. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. On the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. And if my God is for me, then he can stand against me. If my God is for me, he's a miracle working God. miracle working whenever we in the middle of the night when I can't see the light I [Music] believe whenever I'm hurting the tears they fall through it Oh, and if I look at it like it's broken praise and if I look like He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. If my God is for me and can stand against me. If my God is falling a working God miracle working, death defeating promiseke keeping [Music] God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. Thank you, Father. Miracle. He's a miracle working God. And if my God is for me, then who can stand against me? If my God is for me, he's a miracle working God. He's a miracle working. I worship you, Almighty God. There is none like [Music] you. I worship you. Oh, praise the peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise. For you are my rightous I worship you. Oh mighty God, there is none like you. I worship you. I worship you. Oh mighty God. There is none like you. I worship you. Oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightous name. I worship you. Almighty God, there is none like you. And brother Bruce, can I get you to close the meeting in a word of prayer? [Music] Heavenly Father, Lord, there is none like you, Lord. Lord, nobody can explain. I can't explain, Lord, why you chose, Lord, to come into our bodies, Lord. God, you've taken us over and we just praise and glorify you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. You've changed lives and you're still changing them, Lord God. Lord, you're a mighty God. And Lord, we are so privileged, so blessed, Lord, that we can call you, your bride. Lord God, you're our king. Lord, you're our father. You're our husband. Lord, you're just all and all to us, Lord. And Lord, you're your life. I know. Lord, without you, Lord, just would not be I just can't explain it, Lord. It would just not be right. Lord God, you are the answer to it all, Lord God. Amen. And you chose, Lord, to come and abide in us, Lord. Lord, Lord, I certainly thank you for all the word that's come today, Lord God. Lord, just so clear, just so uplifting for us, Lord. And Lord, I just ask you just keep on working on these old bodies, Lord God. That Lord, you just keep chipping away the bits that are not of you, Lord, and replacing them, Lord, with you, Lord. Help us, Lord, take your love with us as we go, Lord God. And we ask, Lord, ones are traveling, Lord, that you'll just take us all safely, Lord. Thank you, Lord. We pray for a good rest tonight, Lord, and come back refreshed, Lord. Amen. Just to grow closer and closer to you with the word that comes tomorrow. Lord, we praise you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. And Lord, we just so truly love you, Father. Amen. We worship you, Almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I [Music] want. I give you praise. [Music] I worship you. Oh my [Music] take. There is none like you. This is my desire. to honor [Music] you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship [Music] you. All I have within me. I give you praise. [Music]
