################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-03 - 25_06_01 - Bro Ben Gloyne - Combined Service in Bulls - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-03
Title:    25_06_01 - Bro Ben Gloyne - Combined Service in Bulls
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Rapturing Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMBcNysi7TQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat up here. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise the Lord. Good afternoon everyone. God bless you all. How are you? You're all good. Feeling good. Had a good Have a good lunch. Yeah. wide awake, refreshed. Food gives you energy. It doesn't make you tired in the afternoon. It gives you energy. You should be so energized this afternoon to praise and worship and to stay alert. That's what we're declaring this afternoon. This is not one of those afternoon meetings where you get tired. No, no, no, no, no, no. Not today. No, no. Don't, don't say, "Okay, okay. No, Sister Rachel K, you just got back from um Italy, I believe, this morning. So, okay, there's one allowance in the room, but that's it. Okay, if she sleeps, it's okay. Nobody else. But we know the spirit is always willing. It's always willing. Sometimes this flesh just has to catch the revelation, too. So, in Bulls, they've got they do a funny pun on the words here in Bulls, you know, like they've got the police station, the comfortable, and then the church, there's a sign out there, it says believable, and then there's the community center is befriendable. I think after this morning's sermon, we are undefeable. [Applause] You know, whether you're up, whether you're down, you're undefeable. If you're happy, you're sad, you're undefeable. You know, we we are always a son of God or a daughter of God, we're always victorious. It it doesn't matter whether on the mountain top in the valley, we're always victorious. We're always we're always undefeable. Whether whether you're on the mountain, in the valley, healthy or sick, rich or poor, it doesn't actually matter. And you know, one thing I'm starting to notice is that I I'm embracing that more and more every day is that actually that's what I am. Regardless at all of anything I see around me, any of my circumstances, regardless of anything, that's who I am in Christ is undefeable. And then when you think like that, you think, well, I'm just going to go forward then and just walk into it with just believe and go forward because we have three options essentially. We got sort of two, but we could throw one in there. One as we go forward, another one as we stand here and do nothing. Another one as we go backwards. And I guarantee you if you were to say die later on today, I'm going to say you would probably prefer that you died moving forward. Yeah. You don't want to you don't want to die moving backwards or standing where you are. And who's to say you're not going to die this afternoon? [Music] So who cares? Just be bold and move forward then. You know, brother Brandham's theme song was only believe. All things are possible. A and faith is always moving forward. Like footsteps are possession. Faith doesn't faith is not activated until you go in and possess whatever that thing that faith says you possess. Like it faith is not activated standing still. like like they could have the children of Israel could have Joshua could have stood on the or Caleb could have stood at the border of the land for his whole life saying I'm going to get that land I'm going to get it praise the Lord it's mine but but nothing can substitute going like that the moment he did that was the the the foot the land that he stood on was his it always takes effort and energy and going outside where you currently are to move forward in the Lord or into into anything. It just you just move forward. footsteps are possession. And I believe we are we are a group of people that move forward in the Lord today. That's who we are. We're not we don't turn back. We don't have any armor on our back. We just have only armor on our front. So, we just move forward. Let's stand this afternoon and um just commit the service to the Lord. Lord, we're so grateful that we can be gathered together amongst the children uh the the children of God that are undefeable today, Lord. That's what we confess that we are, Lord. That we were chosen in you before the foundation of the world, Lord. Lord, and we're undefeatable this afternoon cuz we know that you've won every battle, Lord. You You conquered death, hell, the grave, Lord. You You overcame everything, Lord, and you made us undefeable, Lord. So, we just want to come to you in praise and worship. And we don't want the enemy to rob us this afternoon. But we just want to enter in, Lord, and possess all that you have for us this afternoon. May you forgive us of all of our sins, Lord. And may we we come with boldness before your throne of grace this afternoon. We come by faith knowing Lord that you made a way and you said for us to come Lord. So we come here today. We come. We worship. We believe you're already in the midst Lord. You said where two or three are gathered in your name. There you are in the midst. We thank you for these services we can have. We thank you we can we've got the means to come together and meet here and worship and praise. Other countries don't have this opportunity or the means or things like that Lord but we want to thank you so much that we could do this and just have this good time of fellowship here in Bulls. So we just want to commit the service to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's sing the song Just Over in the Glory Land. We're just going to start with the chorus. Who knows this song? Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Over in the glory land just in the glory land mighty host in the glory [Music] ly where the saint in the glory lamb sing praise. is glory. Over in the glory or just over just over in the glory [Music] land mighty on my way over in the glory land. I am on my way to the mansion. In the glory in the glory of the Lord in the glory. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Over in the glory. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Nowhere in the glory. Amen. I believe everyone's going to be happy there. Where's Sister K? Where where's Sister K? Is she here? No, man. The one time I'm going to bring bring her name up. No. I believe Sister K always likes to be happy. She's going to be real happy over there. Next one. [Music] Jesus blinded all my darkness, spark my heart within. His grace and mercy lit a passion. Consume my sin. Not like a city on a hill. I'll shine through the night. I am left for you. I will not be inside fire. I fire. So let the world come and watch me. I'm going to shout it from the roof. Shout until everyone has his love will never be alive and wild and free. I'm overtaken by his [Music] power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh yes. I'll be on my fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till Oh, I've been touched by his fire. I've been touched by fire. Let the world watch me. I'm going to shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning inside of me. Oh no. I cannot hold it. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning. And I've been touched by I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me. I'm going to shout [Music] down. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. I'll be touched by the world. I'm going to shout it. Shout it. Shout until Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it. It's fire inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it fire. Oh, I fire my fire. the world. I'm going to shout [Music] it. I've been touched by his fire. Oh, I'm being touched by his fire. So, let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it, shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone. [Music] Amen. Are you passing? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Do you feel that empty feeling? Cuz shame's done all the steal and your desperate force appear. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh yes. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love from grace is free and confusing. I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Broken wife. Broken dreams and wasted years. Tell the bus to disappear. Let me tell you and all the wrong turns that you going to he can work it all for you. Let me tell you about my height. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who would take my cross to Calvary? Pay the price for all my guilty. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can take your seats. Um this afternoon we have got a special from the Shakina youth. So if you could make your way up. Oh, I see brother Admand is coming up. [Applause] You're only 21, bro. Remember that? I don't care what you look like. That sounded bad. Let's [Music] goes out to every outcast till they just don't want to run away. So ashamed of where you've been and this goes out to every such trying to fill that empty space trying days are over now. Everything's about to change. Come on down to the living water. Waves of mercy wash over [Music] you. Come all strangers, only sons and daughter. Come down to the living water and rise on you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] When you stand Jesus, he's the way, the truth, the life. Stretched out his arms on a rugged cross and paid every sinner's price. So when you're tired of all your running, you don't have to run no more. You can leave it all behind you. Just believe and be reborn. Come on down to the living water. Praise all mercy washing over you. No more strangers only. This is your no. [Music] This is your invitation. [Applause] of mercy. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh mercy washing over you strangers only son and daughter come down to the living water you come down to the living water and you come down to the living water and you [Music] [Applause] sing a few songs before um Brother Ben comes up. [Music] I sought the truth. Men gave their answers, but something just wasn't right. [Music] I couldn't explain it. They sounded like strangers. It just didn't meet my thirst inside. Then I heard an eagle's cry. Heard a word speak to my heart. I said, "Child, you don't belong down there. come up from where you are. Then I heard an eagle's cry. It told me I could fly. And I believe the word that I had heard and soared up to the sky when I heard an eagle's cry. [Music] Now I was thirsty and I was calling from somewhere deep inside the deep unveil the voice of the bridegroom calling to his bride. [Music] Then I heard an eagle's cry. I heard a word speak to my heart. He said, "Child, you don't belong down there. Come up where you are." Heat. Heat. [Music] Now I am flying above all the confusion below. Everything's clear and now I'm flying above. In every situation, whatever comes my way, I I have a peace with Jesus flying above the stor. There is a joy within me now that I'm so free. Word has set me free. I'll find my above. I want I want my soul. I feel to the heavenly for eternity. Then I heard an eagle cry. I heard a word speak to my heart. He said, "Sh, you don't belong down there. Come out the way you are." And then I heard an eagle cry. You told me I could fly. And I believe the word that I had heard so up to the sky when I heard an eagle cry. [Music] Then I heard an eagle's cry. I heard a word speak to my heart. It said, "Child, you don't belong down there. Come up from where you are. Then I heard an eagle's cry. It told me I could fly. I believe the word that I had heard soared up to the sky when I heard an eagle's cry. [Music] Oh, holy words. Oh, holy words. long preserved for our Lord in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength. Help us Lord in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide us home. The word of God never true. It's changing me. It's changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let the word of God live [Music] in. Holy word, our faith handed down through the savior. came to us through sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words of Christ. Holy word, long preserved for our Lord in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God, word of God, word of [Music] God, changing me and changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let the world. Word of God. Word of God are changing me and changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let the word. Word of God. Word of God. [Music] changing me, changing you. He has come with open heart. Oh, let the word of God. Word of God. Word of God ever changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. Is it change? Is it changing you? Hallelujah. What you once were, you're not no more. Amen. Gone from glory to glory. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful, aren't you? Amen. Praise the Lord. Great to see everyone here. Thank you, musicians. God bless you. Amen. Great to Amen. God bless you. You know this whole thing was where where's Mana? Where is he? This is this is his idea. Praise the Lord. Amen. I remember it was a couple of years ago. No, we're sitting around our dinner table. They came to visit. He's like, "We should have a combined meeting in Bulls." And here we are. So, the thought is now expressed. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, appreciate appreciate that inspiration. Appreciate this morning. Amen. Thank you, brother. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, amen. Aren't you glad to be a Christian uh this afternoon? Amen. Today. Amen. Praise God. So, let's just go to Who Enjoyed Lunch? Amen. Praise the Lord. That's good. Amen. Let's go to um the book of Luke, chapter 4. Sorry, I don't have a slideshow on me. Uh I didn't I didn't make one. Um but we're going to go to Luke um 4 and 16 down to verse 22. And just as you're turning there, I just want to read a a praise report from uh Sister Lzelle. Where's Sister Lzelle? She's there. Says, "I just want to thank the Lord for a near incident on our way to bulls yesterday. The Lord protected us and um and oncoming cars from a flying wheelbarrow." Praise the Lord. So, amen. Hallelujah. There's angels watching over us all the time, isn't there? So, praise God. We thank the Lord for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. to Luke uh 4 and 16 and then we're going to read down to verse 22. I know this is probably very familiar piece of scripture for everyone but just want to um yeah use this as an opening text here. So Luke 4 and uh 16 says here, "And he came to Nazareth where he had been brought up. And as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day, and stood up for to read. And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written, The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives and recovering of the sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him, and he began to say unto them, "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears." And all bear him witness, and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth. and they said, "Is not this Joseph's son?" Amen. So, let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer this afternoon. Amen. If you have a need, you just want to lift your hands to the Lord. I believe the Lord could change all of our lives in this service. Amen. I believe our God is a God of moments. Amen. This is another moment in his presence. So, let's pray. Gracious Father, we love you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We can sing that song, Word of God ever True, Changing Me, changing you, Lord. We're so thankful for your work in our lives, Lord. What you're doing, changing us from glory to glory. And father, as we have gathered here in this afternoon, Lord, we've read your word. We're asking, Lord, that you would anoint your word. Anoint, speaker, and hearer. Lord, I just want to get myself out of the way that you come and speak your word to your children, Lord God. May we just be lifted into heavenly places, Lord, in your presence. And may you have preeminence in our midst, Lord. Father, may you forgive us of our sins and our wrongs, Lord. Wash us, Lord, by your blood and just have your way in our lives. We love you, Lord. We thank you so much, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can you can have your seats uh this afternoon. So I want to speak if I could title this this afternoon. I want to speak about this day. This day is a very a very important day. Very powerful day. I always you know it always grips me very deeply when I read what we just read from Luke chapter 4. Because you think about this here is here is here is more than a prophet more than a religious leader but the God of the prophets God himself. the word made flesh went into the synagogue. It was his custom to go to church. He always went to church. Amen. And so there he was. He's standing there and he's given the he's given the scrolls. He's given the book of Isaiah. And he identifies the so the word made flesh identifies himself in the written word saying this is what I'm here to fulfill in this day. And he would read this and he would say this day is a scripture fulfilled in your ears. Now, it wasn't a it wasn't an argument, wasn't a discussion. He wasn't pondering these things. He knew by revelation that he was here to fulfill this piece of the scripture. Amen. So, when he said, "This day is a scripture fulfilled in your ears." Amen. He was making a declaration. What you see in front of you made flesh is the prophecy of Isaiah is no longer a prophecy no more, but it's manifested in front of you. First, it was the thoughts in the mind of God. Then, then it was spoken through the prophet. Now, it's become material in front of you. This day is this scripture fulfilled. It was the word made flesh I opening the word identifying himself in his own word. I think it's an incredible thing because we can stand here and I maybe I'll do you know maybe cover a few of them with the help of the Lord this afternoon but this day a lot of scriptures fulfilled this day. We're living the day of fulfilled prophecy this day. Amen. Is an incredible day that we'll be privileged to live in. You know so we sing that song word of God came to us through sacrifice. I sing that I feel this big. I think, Lord, you allowed your children to go through great trials and depths and dangers and things and I just received the benefit of it. Amen. It's like I've got a free pass almost of just, you know, just walking into glory. They did all the hard yaker and here I am. That's how I feel anyway. You know, because why? Cuz they went through great dangers for the word to be passed down into this age. Amen. And many of the prophecies that we have seen the fulfillment of and we're living out, they just maybe talked about, maybe they discussed it, but they never lived long enough to see it fulfilled. But this day, Amen. Every prophecy concerning the bride is fulfilled. Amen. This day, Amen. these scriptures are fulfilled. Amen. We're not we're not here to to debate if there's a bride. I can say this day. Amen. The prophecy of of of Revelations 19. Behold, his wife has made herself ready. The marriage of the lamb has come. Amen. This day that scripture is fulfilled. It was granted unto her that should be arrayed in fine lin and clean and white which is the righteousness of saints. This day is that scripture fulfilled. Amen. Why? Cuz God has given us grace. He's granted us. Amen. The robes of righteousness. We don't have to earn it. We don't have to work it out. It's given to us freely. Amen. I tell you what, friends, that's one way you know you're in the bride age or not. Is because you you realize it's the supreme grace of God. Amen. Because brother Ram said that he is always misunderstood and criticized for believing in grace. Why? Because he is living in a Pentecostal age. And brother Ram said the Pentecostals were great legalists. They were the arms in the body, right? And so so what did they do? They they thought they had to earn something with God to or do something to get his favor. What was that? Well, I speak in tongues. Therefore, I found favor with God because of something I have done. But we don't believe it that way. It's like the list of doctrines brother Ari put up. I believe servants in Godhead all these things. That's still a manage understanding of well I believe this therefore I have found favor with God. It's nothing you have done. It's all he has done. Hallelujah. So we're not saying well I believe this therefore I'm therefore I'm qualified for a rapture. No, it's the grace of God coming into our lives. Amen. The power of the blood coming into our lives and transforming us. Hallelujah. Makes us rapture ready. Yeah. If you think I'm too liberal, I don't care. I really don't care what you think. God found me in the depths of sin. I knew what I was and I know what I am. Hallelujah. You call me what you want. God found me and he found me to keep me. He found you to keep you as well. Amen. This day we can say God's grace works. Amen. This day we can say the blood of Jesus Christ is more than enough. Amen. We're not a people guessing and wondering if we're saved. We know in whom we have believed. Amen. We know. Amen. We're secure. Amen. We believe and we know eternal security is right. Why? Because he's holding on to you. Amen. It's not us holding on to God. It's him holding on to us. I mean, when brother had his great trial of his wife and and daughter dying, all these things, people say, "Bill, are you holding on to your religion?" He says, "No, God is holding on to me." I mean, when he wanted to let go, when he wanted to commit suicide, God said, "No, I've got a plan for your life. You're you're not allowed to get off yet." Amen. You got some scripture to fulfill. Well, I tell you what, friends, we're in the same category. God has word for you to fulfill. Amen. He's commissioned you to do it. He's anointed you to do it. I say, "This day, it'll be fulfilled." Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. God is here to prove his own word. Amen. When God gave a promise of a bride in this age, he didn't back up when he knew the conditions of this age. Amen. He knew the state of this world. He knew it would fall apart. He knew the state of people would be degraded, too. But he said even in that kind of condition, he says, "No, I'm going to bring my bride bride out of that chaos." He brought us out of a lot of chaos. I was twisted up and turned around in every which way. But God, rich in mercy, I pray we just be more thankful what God has done. We really appreciate, Amen. what he's done in our lives. Even now, you say, "Well, I'm going through the worst trial of your life." He hasn't let you go. He hasn't forsaken you. Amen. He's still right with you. Amen. The two on the way to Emmas. Amen. They were they were walking in the season of the resurrection. Their whole world had fallen apart. When they were walking to Emmas, they weren't skipping. They weren't dancing. They weren't rejoicing. They were brokenhearted down. They had the whole thing had fallen apart in their eyes. It was right according to God's plan. It was right according to schedule. But they thought, "How could this happen?" But you see what happens is when you begin to talk about Jesus, he begins to walk with you. He begins to the atmosphere begins to change around you. You begin to talk about his promised word and the fulfillment of it. You know, because that's what they were doing. They were talking about Jesus. They weren't talking about the Romans. They weren't talking about the economics of this world. They were talking about what God was doing in their day. Even though they didn't understand it. And when they were talking about the Lord, he began to walk with them. I mean, they did not understand that the that the stranger that was walking with them was the very God. I mean, the very Lord of glory. He just withheld that knowledge from them. Then then then the Lord began to ask them, "Why are you sad?" as if he didn't know, you know, as if he didn't know. And then they would have looked at it with such a surprise. Don't you know what's happened in these days? See, they didn't know it was this day was the scripture fulfilled. I mean, of the crucifixion, of the of the true Passover lamb being given and all these things. They didn't understand it, but they were living in that scripture. And then here they are. And they begin to say to him, "Don't you know this man, Jesus of Nazareth? We considered him a prophet and all these things and you know but now he's been crucified and it's been three days and then he began to talk to them say oh fools and slow of heart to believe you see they were downhearted but God didn't want to leave them that way I tell you what friends you can go through a lot of hard trials and be real downcast God don't want to keep you that way amen but God wants to bring a bring a bring a fresh revival into your life to revive you. Amen. It's like Jacob, you know, Jacob in the Bible, it says his spirit basically departed from him when his son Joseph was, you know, he thought he was dead and he was down. But then after many years had passed and Joseph revealed himself to his brethren. And then when his brothers came back to to well well the sons came back to Jacob, they begin to tell Jacob how Joseph is alive and he's in Egypt and and then and then you know the Bible says when when Jacob saw the wagons of the goods that Joseph brought uh sent with his brothers, then his spirit begin to revive within him. Amen. So I pray God would send wagon loads of the Holy Ghost down into our lives. Amen. To revive us. Amen. To realize, sure, we've been through shock and loss, but God hasn't forgotten us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, so you know the Lord be to walk with these two on the way to Emmas and then he begin to start from Moses. He begin to read down and you know brother Bram uh brings it out so nicely in uh events made clear by prophecy 1965. He says now let's hear him say turn over to Zechariah 11 and 12 and wasn't the Messiah to be sold according to the prophet for 30 pieces of silver. Uh you just said that this man was sold for 30 pieces of silver. Turn over. You're getting them scriptures. Zechariah 11 and 12. Then he said, "Did you notice what David said in the Psalms, Psalms 41:9, that he is to be betrayed by his friends and then again in Zechariah 13:7 that he was forsaken by his disciples and in Psalms 35:11, accused by false witnesses." You just said he was. Isaiah 53:7, he was dumb before his accusers. Isaiah 506, they scorged him. The prophet said in Psalms 22, he was on the cross. My God, my God, why has thou forsaken me? Did he do that the day before yesterday? Psalms 22 again 18 his garments were parted among them. Did they do that? And Psalms 22:7-8 mocked by his enemies the church. Psalms 22 again that there was not a bone in his body to be broke but they pierced my hands and my feet. He said holding his hands behind him no doubt at that time. Isaiah 53 and12 said he would die between malfactors. Isaiah 53:9 said he was buried with the rich. Psalm 16 and 10 said I will not leave a soul in hell neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption. And was not Malachi 3 the forerunner of this man? Oh, I'd like to heard him quote that. Look at the prophecies. Notice then all the types he might have went through about Isaac and Genesis 22. Our God foreshadowed Isaac. Our father Abraham took his own son packing the wood up the hill and offered up his own son. So he began to ask some questions after he quoted the scripture. Did he do that? Amen. And you know we could bring it into this day. Did he not say in Malachi 4 that he had sent Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful day of the Lord? Did he do that? Amen. Amen. Was he not commissioned on on the Ohio River 1933, the pillar of fire came down, a voice spoke out, "As John the Baptist forun my first coming, so your message will forrun the second coming." Did he do that? Amen. Did you know did not the angel of the Lord commission brother Brandham? Amen. Took, you know, took the two signs and, you know, went to the world to spearhead a worldwide healing revival. Did he do that? Amen. Was he not told that he would meet seven angels north I think northeast of Tucson to fulfill Revelations 10:1? Did he do that? Amen. Was he not told? Amen. Did Did Was he not told to go back to Jeffersonville that the seven seals would be open? Did he do that? Amen. Did he do that? Amen. Did Did not the lamb step forth and take the title deed of redemption? You know, one of the biggest scarecrows around the opening of the book of Revelation, people say it's just information. It ain't just information. It's revelation. Gives you overcoming power. Amen. To overcome in this day. Amen. Because sure, we've been restored back to you, you know, the bride of Jesus Christ has been restored back to the original. But God has sent a power in this age to break the cycle of revival and death. Amen. Because we know through the church ages has been a cycle of revival and death and revival. And God would send a message. There would be a revival in the church. But a few generations later, it would cool off and then God would, you know, restart the process again. But there has to come a time when that cycle is broken. I mean, it doesn't go revival and death and just just just cabbageing down and just churchity. But God would come and live in his people, there'll be revival from one generation to the next. Amen. And so what happens now is when the lamb takes the book and those seven thunders out of their voices is whenever the word of God opens up, there's a power released in that word to overcome in that day. You say, "Well, I need an example." That's pretty easy. You know, Martin Luther, when the word came open to him, the just shall live by faith. You know, I just said to brother Al, he's preaching. I'm like, I'm just going to take the same, you know, the Lord put this on my heart to take the same thing basically, but from a different angle. Okay. So, I wasn't quickly changing things to make sure it match. No, it was already here. Okay. So, I think God wants to tell us something, you know. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, so, so, so when the word came open to Martin Luther, the just shall live by faith. There was a power in that word for him to live above trying to earn his own salvation. Right? And then the Wesleyans came along, John Wesley actually read uh Martin Luther's um writings on the book of Romans and he was already a preacher at that time, failed miserably. He heard he heard Martin Luther's writings on the book of Romans and he said a warming sensation warmed his heart and then God began to move in his life and he began to preach the second work of grace sanctification. And what happened? The power of God was released through that word for the people to live a holy life. Amen. And then it came around to the time of Isuza Street. There was a cry for the restoration of the gifts. God was restoring. Amen. And when the reality of the restoration of the gifts struck the struck the church, well, it was the word opening up to them to restore the gifts, a power came in. Amen. But after every one of those moves, there's been a revival. Then there's been a cycle of revival and death. Amen. But now with the opening of the word, Amen. Christ himself being fully unveiled in this day. What does that do? It releases a power into the church. Amen. To break the cycle of revival and death. Hallelujah. That's what's coming to your life. Amen. Hallelujah. It's not just a, you know, just a one-time experience, an excitement that cools off. No, God wants to give us, and I believe he has through the opening of the word, an unending revival. I mean, where you be that Welsh policeman, you say, "I am the bride's revival." You're looking at it when you come into my presence, you're looking at it right now. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You know, the first time I listened to the seals, I just saw horse riders, tribulation, all those things. The second time I listened to it, all I saw was the lamb stepping forth to claim me. Hallelujah. And more than horse rides, more than symbols, it's Christ revealing himself. And I pray that it would happen to all of us. You'd see under those seals is what is it? It's a lamb taking the book. And what is that? That is the same as brother says about as as as Boaz claiming Ruth. You are that book. Hey, what what's happening through this message? God has said you're mine. Amen. And the devil has no claim on you no more. He strikes it all off by the power of his blood. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, has he not done that? Did not brother Ram say that this message will introduce Jesus Christ to the world? Has it not done it? Amen. Has it not happened that there would be a people that would take the book, eat the book, and speak and prophesy again? Has that not happened? Has he done it? Amen. Does not the scripture say that there be a people that God would call out of the Gentiles for his name's sake? Let's bring it personal. Has he not done that? He's called you out. I trust he has. He's called you out. Amen. You're no longer a church person, a religious person. This ain't a religion. No, this is a call to a union. Hallelujah. Has he not done that? Amen. Did he not say there'd be a bride without spot or wrinkle? Has he done it? Has he done it? Amen. For it says in 2 Corinthians 5:21, "He who hath he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin, that we might be made the very righteousness of God in him." Has he done it? Now, that's personal question. Has he done it? Oh, but I have all these faults and failures. Look beyond those things. Look beyond those things. It's on the way to Emmas didn't believe really what was going on in front of them. Did God quit on them? He walked with them until they saw they were part of the resurrection. And God goes with you until your eyes come open. Hallelujah. That you're part of this resurrection in the end time. Hallelujah. You know, Brother Brand would speak about ducks in this day. I like the story because you got to realize the bride has gone through a change. You go back 20 years. Would we have these kind of meetings? It would be a bunfight. A preacher would get up, say this. Now another preacher would get up to counter that guy and you know be like it'd be like a political like a parliament. Mr. Speaker, he said this and this is wrong here. It it was all this and what was it? It's like brother Ram said, there was a there's a bunch of ducks and a farmer put them in pens, right? And they and all they could hear is the honking or the quacking of the other ducks in the pens. They didn't trust what what they hearing. They didn't quite know who was saying it. as the same thing. There's all these man-made fences around people, specialty doctrines. If you don't see it my way, you ain't going. It's got nothing to do with it. Has God called you? Amen. Has this message found you? That's what it's about. Remember, it's not an exam to go to heaven. Brother Lamb says we're not saved by a checklist. We're saved by grace. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. Amen. That I can get in. But you see now there came a time when when see these ducks are walking around on the earth mud. They're just all carnal connected to the earth. But then the season changed and the rain begin to be poured out. Amen. The what is that rain? The spirit begin to pour out. And we can see you over the last I've been a believer since 2007. So I've just got this little space of time of experience. But I've seen from that time till now God's poured his spirit out more and more. The rain has come. It's raining. The former and latter rain are running together. The teaching and the quickening rain are running together. Hallelujah. It's not just a teaching then a nothing then a harvest rain. No, it's running together. Has he done it? Hallelujah. Yes, he has. And what has happened? The rain has come down. It's lifted us up out of the muck, out of the carnality. Well, that church does this and I do this and I'm different to this. That's all carnal comparison. We've been lifted up above that mouth. Hallelujah. We're all individual. Praise God. Amen. This ain't some McDonald's franchise all the same. We're all different. Hallelujah. This ain't this is more than a happy meal, folks. But you see, God is God has done such a work that the that the rain has come because eventually that rain poured in and it lifted the ducks up above the out of the mud, above the fences. Then they begin to see each other and say, "Hey, you're a duck, too." Amen. That's what happened. Hallelujah. So, now we've come into a season where we identify, I'm the word, you're the word. I'm a duck, you're a duck. I mean, you ain't a goose or a whatever. You're a duck and I'm a We're made out of the same material. We have the same father. Hallelujah. So, now what is going to happen? There's a swarming going on cuz there's a season changing. Yes, sir. Then we're going to fly home. Amen. Hallelujah. Has he done it? Amen. Amen. This is where we are. You say, "Well, brother Ram's just telling a story to make a joke." No, he's actually in a parable saying this is where we would get to. Praise God. Has he done it? Yes, he's done it. That's This is why we come together. It's like we just Well, we are one big family. We're all ducks. Welcome to Duck Church. Praise God. Hallelujah. Yeah. But it used to be it wasn't like that. I' I've been to conventions where I was first a believer it was like it there was no unity there. Why? People were still earthbound behind fences. Amen. And you got to realize if you know the water may lift you above the fence, but if your if your swim is just kick a bit of wood, you you feel a bit of separation, you got to realize, no, that's under you now. That's under you. You're swimming above it. Hallelujah. We don't have to put up with no man-made things. Remember, the devil makes fences. leave his architecture alone. You know, we're all one family. I'm going to You have to put up with me for eternity. Some of you are happy. So, anyway, but we're all one family. When one of us suffers, the other suffers. One rejoices, we all rejoice. We care for one another. We all want to make it. Amen. You say, "Well, one day." No, this day. This day. This has been happening for quite a long time. There's a unity around the world. What's happening? God is gathering his ducks together. Sometimes, you know, it's not, you know, rain may fall slow in different parts, but God will get everyone above the fence. He'll get all of his children above the fence, and he's determined. None of them will be stuck in the mud in the in the pens. They're all being lifted up. Amen. And that's exactly what God is doing. You say, "Well, one day, no, this day, this day, this is fulfilled." Hallelujah. The Bible says, "Now we are the sons of God." This day we are the sons of God. Amen. I'm going to say something. God will finish his bride how he started his bride. How he started his bride is how he's going to finish her. Amen. She ain't going to be a different material. She ain't going to be a different makeup. She's going to be exactly grain like the first because because we got to realize that on the day of Pentecost, there was 120 pieces of grain in the upper room. They're quickened by the Holy Ghost. And God would display briefly what the mature church would be. Amen. They were led by the spirit of God. God lived in them. More than an anointing. God lived in them. Amen. When you saw saw the believer, you saw God made flesh. The devil was cast out. Signs and wonders were done. The word was proven. Amen. That's how it was in the beginning. And we have gone through a process of a restoration. Amen. like like like uh brother Array said in the beginning he would say about the you know the Pentecostals that you know well I'll just read this here now through the Lutheran age through the Wesleyan age it's been the same thing through this Pentecostal age now notice but at the opening of the seven seals revelations 10 the full word is to be born into manifestation again and vindicated by the spirit of God has he done it you say well that was back in 1965 no has he done it in 2025 has he not proved his word in your life today. Oh, if we could just go back there. No, this day. This day. Amen. Where the son of man, brother Ram said, the son of man is revealed in human beings. Many people want to put it the son of man. Luke 17:30 just on the prophet. No, that same ministry is continued on in you and I. Has he done it? Amen. Where all of us are, the manifestation of the son of man. Hallelujah. Amen. So, I'm I'm so thankful the same God back in the prophet's life is here. Same God, same quality, same Holy Ghost, same ability. He hasn't diminished. We don't have to look back in a rearview mirror and just say, "I wish I was back there." No, the same one is with you. Hallelujah. Amen. So, and vindicated by the spirit in the full strength as it was when he is here on earth. Uh here on earth, manifested in the same way, doing the same things that it did when it was here on earth. Amen. Hebrews 3:8 said Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. In Luke 17:30, Jesus said, "In the last days, as it was in the days of Sodom, when the Son of Man will be revealing himself again, it'll be the same thing. The world is in a Sodom condition, the church has has went into Sodom with it, like Lot and his wife." And I say that there is an elected church somewhere in the world that's pulling out and set aside from those things. And the manifestation of God has attracted its attention where at the last days, the shook has give forth its strength into the seed. It's went on out. It was a good shook. It has served its time. But see, it's the bride. It's the word bride of the word groom. I say this day, this is fulfilled. I trust it ain't too strong. But the we're here. We have arrived. I mean, what? We're not waiting for another messenger to come. We're not waiting for someone to come and open the book. It's been opened. The the Bible's no longer a mystery. If someone preaches all the mysteries of the mysteries of the mysteries, no. It's made plain these days. Amen. The word has come open. What to do? To produce a word bride. Amen. And that is who you are. You say me and my problems. Absolutely. We have this humanity that we live in. Does that stop God? No. God wants to reveal deity within humanity. Amen. He wants to use you and manifest his word out of your life. Hallelujah. Brother Anne would say, "Now the seventh age is a very short age. It gathers up into itself for one quick work all the evil of every age and yet all the reality of Pentecost. Amen. Once the Philadelphiaian age has run its course, the Ladyian age quickly comes in bringing uh both the tears and the wheat to harvest this day. We're here. Amen. You know, some people will say, "Well, we're back to wheat again. We just got to lay in the presence of the sun." Absolutely. But what did the wheat do in the beginning? You know, some people say there's no manifestation anymore because we're not the tassel or the shook or whatever. It's just wheat. But what did the wheat do in the beginning? What did the first wheat do? Read the life of Jesus Christ. You'll see what the first week, the main thing is he was led by the spirit of God. He subjected himself to the word that he was to fulfill. That's the most supernatural thing you'll ever see is a man or woman that will surrender their full lives to the word of God. Above miracles, above anything will be God will be a man or woman surrendered completely to the word of God. Amen. Then you see you see in the day of Pentecost, you see the church before it fell. Amen. What what was it? It was it was the grain back again doing exactly the same life. Amen. Devils were cast out. The word was manifested. People were birthed into the kingdom. Amen. Revelation, you know, struck their souls. They you on the day of Pentecost, they forgot all their formality. Amen. as they staggered under the stimulation of the revelation that God who made heavens and earth was now in them. Amen. They were led by the spirit of God. Persecution didn't stop them. When persecution struck them, do you know what they did? They had a prayer meeting. They had a prayer meeting because they realized the enemy was trying to stop the life of God being expressed in their lives. They gathered together. They prayed. God came down, shook the place, and gave them boldness. And they w went out, Amen. Preaching more than they did before that ever happened. I pray we do the same thing. Amen. Because he is your source of strength. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what they did. They were. But more most importantly, the life they lived, the life they had was the life of Christ himself dwelling in them. That was the beginning. You say, "Well, I'm not a preacher, an apostle, or anything." Well, you know, we read in Acts chapter 9, there was a woman who was called Tabatha, and she, you know, she was full of good works and did arms and deeds. you know, you know, arms and deeds, which she did, and you know, she got sick and died. And, you know, they called Peter to come and raise her from the dead. And before he did, you know, they would show him of all the coats and garments that Dorcas or Tabitha made while she was with them. So, he was just a sister full of the Holy Ghost and she's being a blessing to the people everyday kind of life. I'm making this, I'm sewing this, I'm selling this, I'm doing this. She was part of the body. We all have a function. We're all important in the body of Christ. I I I I trust you're with me uh this afternoon. Amen. See, it's more than just preaching or anything like that. No, we're all part of the body. You see, and it doesn't matter what age we are, you're important to God. Amen. Every age, young, old, in between, you're all important. But the thing is, we get to a stage where, you know, there always comes a time when the next generation rises up. Amen. And that's a very exciting time for me, for a younger generation to step up and take their place. Amen. to see young people have a revival. I mean, see the same God that called us calls them. I mean, the same God gives you the same experiences now does the same thing for them. Where they see this word as a reality where it becomes more than your story, it becomes their story. More than your testimony becomes their testimony. Where they see the living God living in them. And I say we must be very careful how we treat our young people. We never want to sell them a gospel that doesn't work. I mean, we want to give them a gospel that produces what it says it will do. Amen. That they can stand and they can say, "This day, amen, the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses. This day, Calvary works. This day, the baptism of the Holy Ghost is true. This day, God's word is right. It's true. And it's here to meet every need." Amen. You see, but what happens is many times we'll swing from one extreme to the other. David was a time when he was fighting and he got old and you know he was fighting against the Philistines and you know he got tired in the battle and one of one of the sons of Goliath nearly killed him and actually thought he did that Abashai um um got up his sword and he killed that giant and he helped David but then they told David after the battle he says thou shalt know thou shalt go no more out uh with us to battle that thou quench not the light of Israel you know what they should have done they should have said David don't be in the front anymore We need you in our ranks. Amen. We need you in our ranks. Cuz you think about it now. Here's here's David. What a powerful testimony just to be among them. Here's here's the king of Here's the king of Israel. Man after God's own heart. He slew a lion, slew bear, killed Goliath. H has these mighty testimonies. Would would pick up his harp and play a song and God would come down and amen do all these mighty things. But you see, they told him to stay home. We're not called to stay home. We're called to come to the battle, was that come to church. Come to church. Be part of a body. Amen. Don't stay home. Be part of a body. Say, "Well, I'm not important." Your testimony is important. I mean, you think about the testimony you carry. You may take it for granted, but someone may just be admiring what you've just come through, and you're still a believer, and it gives them strength. It encourages them. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Goliath, you know, Goliath rallied or or or gave morale to the Philistines when he was in the battle. I I asked the question, how much more the Lord's anointed that's in our midst? You say, just little old me, what have I done? You've got a testimony. Your testimony is powerful. You say, "Well, I've I was just raised in church. I gave my life to God and God." That's powerful. Amen. God's kept you. Amen. God's protected you. God's been walking with you since a young child. Don't let anyone or the devil especially diminish that. Amen. I mean, you're an encouragement when you come to church. Amen. With your praying and with your amening being being part of the body. We all need one another. But you see that Israel came to a place in that in that season where there had to be more giant killers raised up. So David had to get a place where he wax faint because he had to diminish and then the others had to raise up to their position cuz you know you think about it what's more important well what's what's better one giant killer or four? Well five counting David I'd rather five you see so David had to diminish a bit for these young ones to step into their position. Amen. So we must not stop the young people raising up because there's giant killers in these few rows here. These young there's giant killers here. Amen. Have a testimony that God God lives. Hallelujah. Amen. See, my heart's desire is just say for argument's sake, someone comes into my church and they can take the with with a true pastorial gift and they can take the people further than I ever could. I'd say, "Praise God." Amen. Take us on further. And I'm not going to stay at home. I'll support unless God calls me somewhere else. But you know what I mean, right? We want we want the next generation to rise up above ourselves. Amen. We ain't the apex. There's more to grow in this thing. Hallelujah. Amen. But you see now what happens is is uh men are a funny creature. All the sisters said amen quietly. We're a funny creature. We go from extremes. You see, David went from the front line to sitting at home. He didn't he didn't actually weigh up the situation and said actually no no I'm valuable in the battle maybe not at the front but you know just I'm I'm valuable my presence just here is going to make an impact but you see he stayed at home now the thing is that men are funny in a way is that is that they want to if they're not careful we will become like Elohim the self-existing one with his thoughts if we're not careful and this is what this modern world wants to do. It wants to make us think there's no more adventure in life. Suburban, boring, you know, if you live I live in suburbia, but you know what I mean? Like like it's just this there's nowhere to explore in here, right? The devil has tried to sell the gospel to to to us as men, saying just be a good boy and you've made it. That ain't the gospel. We should be good boys, but it ain't just behaving. That's that that's even not it. No, no. There's brother Bram says there's untapped resources in God that men have not tapped into yet. So you see what happens is is is God See, see the devil wants to make us like God was before there was anything. God existed with his thoughts alone. Was he happy that way? No. Well, how do I know he wasn't happy that way? I'm here. He wanted someone to express himself to. You see he had see I don't any but you see what happens is man what the devil wants to make man alone with his thoughts God never intended us to to God never intended to stay that way he doesn't want us to become that way just alone or she does they don't understand me she doesn't understand me my nothing box is where I can bounce around in and that's all fine no we don't want to stay in our nothing Someone's got to break the cycle of this, right? So, because what happens is, you know, man comes to a certain age and then they think, well, you know, they've been pursuing for so long. They pursued their wife, now they got children, their children get to a certain age, their career comes to a certain plateau point and they just begin to say, I'm finished. I tell you what, now that's when you just start. Amen. That's when you just start. Don't start withdrawing within yourself, becoming a self-existing one just with your thoughts. No, we've got to go beyond that. See, David, see, see, you know, I was thinking about this driving here. What is more valuable to you? Your nothing box or your family. You make your actions actually prove what you value more. Because if you're alone with your thoughts, your nothing box is more important to you than your family. And that's how the devil wants you to be. We're not called to live in our nothing box. It's called a nothing box for a reason. You can fill out the rest of the sentence. There's no value. There's nothing of value in it. Okay? We got to go beyond that. Every part of life is a is is an opportunity to express the word of God, how we feel. I'm sorry we've gone pastoral here, but here we are. This is just I've been thinking about these things. See, we got to go beyond these things where we won't just settle down. Because you see, David had spent all these years fighting and building the kingdom. But then he decided to stay at home. And he spent too much time looking from his balcony at what his neighbors were doing. And that's where Bashibba came in because he decided to sit at home. He had to go beyond those things. We all have a position in the body. I'll tell you what, never let jealousy rob you. Amen. I maybe segueing somewhere, but the thing is, if you're jealous of someone else doing well, that's not the spirit of God. Amen. If you're jealous of people got a pay rise or a new job or a better house or a better car, that's a jealous spirit that came out of hell. That doesn't belong in your life. You don't need it. It ain't going to help you fulfill the word of God or live a happy, victorious life. Amen. You sit there with your own thoughts singing, "No one understands me." Get out of that comfort zone. Amen. Why? Because we're all a valuable part of the body. Amen. See, don't stay at home. See, brother Bam says this in Jehovah Jar 57. He says there's nothing good in any of us. But when you forget about preachers and personalities and look at the Lord Jesus Christ, then you're going to get somewhere. Take God at his word. See, people say, "Oh, but the preachers like this or the church is like this." Look beyond that. We all I've given you a lifetime ammunition of false right since I've been standing here. Something to criticize. Look beyond the the thing to criticize. Look beyond and look to the promise of God. Amen. But you see now, but we live in a time where man wants to be stuck in a nothing box. But I tell it's time to bust out, do differently. Amen. We live in a season where God is here to fulfill his word. So I'm just going to come back to what I was speaking about. Now, the armor company girl, she spent many years as a as an orphan working on her cousin's farm and all these things, just being basically their slave. But there came a moment in her life that changed her life forever. She was washing dishes. She wasn't part of the party, you know, with the, you know, the armor company boy came to the ranch and and and her cousins were trying to get him to marry marry them and all these things. They had a big hoown shindig and, you know, she wasn't invited. and she was she was pouring out dish water while the music's blaring in the barn and all these things and he slipped out and saw her and they begin to have a conversation and he said to her, "You know, I've been noticing you around and and and and and he just proposed to her. Will you marry me?" And she thought, "How on earth could this, you know, this kind of a guy want me?" Didn't you feel that same way the L when the Lord found you? But he said, "I see quality in you that they don't have." And there's a quality in you and I that is greater than what the world has. There's that gene seed of God in you. I mean, that quality, that God part of you that's in you before the foundation of the world. That thing is what the Lord is looking for. He's looking for parts of himself. You know, I know I've said this before, but you know, there are times when I would used to go to the girls primary school and pick them up from school and, you know, I would get to their classroom before the bell went. They couldn't see me there, but I could see them. When I went into that school, I wasn't looking for just any young girl. I wasn't looking even just for a girl the same age as my girls. I was looking for them. Hallelujah. And I wasn't leaving the grounds until they came home with me. It's the same thing with this, you know, with our Lord Jesus Christ. He ain't just looking for anybody. Anybody can come, but he ain't looking for anybody. He's looking for his bride. He's looking for people like you and I. Amen. Washed in his blood with that seat of God on the inside of them. Amen. Hallelujah. So now he came to her and said and said now will you marry me? And of course she said yes. And he said in a year's time I'm going to come back take you to Chicago. You won't live here anymore. So basically he said when you see the same season come back around again I'm going to come get you. Now she would live a year in the same house doing the same chores living the same old life. But he he had given her his word of promise and she believed that word of promise. And this message is the word of promise of almighty God to you saying, "I ain't going to leave you here. I ain't going to let you go through a great tribulation. My blood works." Amen. Calvary is Amen. has produced a people that will not taste death, but will go in a rapture. Amen. So, so she was given his word of promise. I'm coming back for you in a year. So, now she had a year now. Maybe, you know, I'd like to think that that that um uh it was springtime when he came and proposed to her. I just like to think it's springtime. Sounds nice. Not winter. No, springtime. Maybe that's just me. So, she realized when that same season comes back around again, he's coming back to get me. Amen. So, so you know, she realized that, you know, she goes through summer, she ain't going to live through it again. Autumn comes, she ain't going to live through another autumn again. There's a difference in her life now cuz she's got a word of promise, right? There become, you know, winter and doesn't and it didn't matter how cold the winter got. Didn't matter how much the wi, you know, cold winds blow of trouble and unbelief and all these things. She ain't going to go through it again. Amen. Why? Because she was holding on to his word of promise. Amen. Because his word of promise broke the cycle of the mundane in her life. Sure, she did the same thing. Sure, she lived the same kind of life, but it was different. Now, why? because he was coming back for her. I pray we have that same kind of thing anchored in our souls. He's coming back for me. Amen. He's coming back for me. So I say this, whatever season that your life is in, make the most of it. Enjoy being a child. Play till your heart's content. Okay. Okay. Well, children, you guys have toys. Help me out someone. We had to go buy some toys. Enjoy being a teenager. Amen. If you're a single adult, enjoy being single. Enjoy it. Amen. If you get married, enjoy marriage life. Enjoy every stage of it. Never let your spouse become common to you. Amen. When children come along, enjoy them. They will never be that age again. We know some with toddlers are saying, "Praise God," but for a different reason. But they'll never be that age again. I remember when my eldest I used to have to actually bend over to hold her hand as we walked. She ain't that age anymore. Why? She's grown up. Hallelujah. She was that age once. Enjoy that age. Whatever age they are. Well, you say now they're growing up children. Enjoy them as adults. Don't take it for granted. God has given us one life. Amen. You get grandchildren. Enjoy them. Spoil them real good. Hallelujah. You say, "Well, now I'm old. Now my best years are behind me. No way. I miss the good old days. Right now should be the best day. Right now should be the best day. Amen. This should be the best time of life right now. You know, it's like brother Bosworth, he was he was on his deathbed and you know, Brother Bram went to go see him and you know, brother Bosworth um you know was asked by brother Bram, "Can I pray for you?" And brother Bosworth said, "No, I'm not sick." And then so Brother Bram asked him, "Well, what's wrong?" Brother Bosworth just said, "Well, I'm just going home." And you know, And then he asked so so so brother asked him what is the greatest time of your life and your ministry? Is it when we're in South Africa? Is it when you saw demons cast out people heal people come to the Lord? All these things he said no right now is the best time of my life because all I've lived for brother has been Jesus Christ and any minute he'll walk in the door to take me home. We don't have to get old for that to be fulfilled. He could come in right this afternoon. That'll be fine by me. But in the meantime, live every day and cherish every day. Don't take every day for granted. There's a purpose in every day. Amen. This bride's revival should be lived in everyday life. Amen. No matter what you're going through, what you're facing, it's a precious moment. It's a precious season. You may never go through this season again. Amen. So, don't ever take it for granted. Well, I'm going through a trial. Yeah, you're going through a trial. You don't ending up in that trial. You're going through it. Amen. We should be living under expectation that at any moment he'll come and take us home. Because the armor company girl, he she got to the end of winter. And then the and then the wind begin to change. The daylight got longer. The buds begin to come on the tree. Life came back into the tree again. There's a restoration of the bride tree. Amen. In this season, God be to move again. It wasn't the coldness of winter and splits and fusses and fighters, you know, all these false doctrines. No, the sun had risen. Hallelujah. The sun, the word has risen. Amen. The word has risen again. The temperature has raised. I'm talking spiritually now because we know we're in autumn time, right? But spiritually, we ain't in an autumn time. Amen. We're in a season where the season has come back around again. Where the same God that was with the prophet is with us now in reality. Amen. We've come back into that season. Amen. Where all things are possible. We've come back into the season of the spirit of God moving. We've come back into a I say this day, I'm not I don't think I'm crazy. I think I know where I am in the scripture. I believe we've come back into that season where God where we've come back to a place where we realize we are saved by grace. God's found me. He's kept me. He's moving me. He's living in my life. It's nothing I have done. It's all him. What? That that's a springtime coming back again. Amen. It's a time when the first love has been restored back into the church. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Why? Because God is saying that now in this season, be under expectation. I'm coming to take you home. Amen. Where the full word is in manifestation again. Where we've gone back. We've gone back. Grain has returned again. We're living in a bride age, an age within an age as we heard this morning. Hallelujah. I'm so thankful for that. I'm so glad we're not in Lady Oia. We've been lifted up above it. We may be walking in it, but we're not part of it. Amen. Why? Because the anointing of God is so great. You know, God, I love it how he does it. God says, "I'm going to prove Calvary to his enemy." Well, how you going to do that? I'm going to make I'm going to let you, Satan, make this world the worst it's ever been. And I'm going to put her in that age. Everything's going to be against her, and she's going to walk out victorious. She's going to be an overcomer. She's going to put you under her feet. She's going to believe my word. She's going to go through many trials and dangers and hardship and pain and sorrow. Yet, she will still believe me. And there's nothing you can do, Satan, to stop her. You'll throw everything you can at her, but you can't stop her. Hallelujah. This day, amen. I say that is fulfilled. You know, brother Ram said that a man can be so surrendered to God, even the devil don't know what to do with him. He'll try everything he can. Still standing. Why? Because of your ability. No way. Because of his ability. Amen. We would all be gone if it wasn't for him without our Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You say, "Well, what happens when things go things just go seem to go so wrong?" Well, you know, there was a lady lady um you know, in the message her her husband Julius Stadcliffe wrote the book Prophet Visit South Africa. And you know, they had a baby. They were living in Germany at the time. They working for the American military. and they had this baby, but then the baby passed away. And and and they they they they spoke to the leader of the army or whoever it was that to to to arrange a jet plane to get brother from America, fly over to Germany, pray for the baby, come back to life, and then and then brother to go back home. That was all arranged. But the Lord told brother Bram, "Don't touch that. That's my hand." And so she has to uh sorry, he has to call Mrs. Stadcliffe and say, "Sorry, this is the hand of the Lord." and they bury their baby there in Germany. And I don't know how long later, you know, brother Brown meets them. And you know, she asked a question. Didn't I have enough faith for my baby to be to be raised? And you know, was it a weakness of my faith? But he said to her, you have great faith. You prayed for your baby and your husband held on to God to raise that baby and he refused to do it because he knows what is best. And still you love him. still you love him. I'm sure we could put maybe not that thing of that magnitude. Maybe some of us have been through it, but there's still there's things that have happened in life and it seems like God has not answered the prayer, but yet we still love him. I trust we can be Christians when God says no, we still love him. It's easy when when when when it's just yes and there's no problems, but when it comes to no, when God says no, we still love him. Brother M says that's real faith. Remember, we've been restored back to the faith of the fathers. That's real faith. Anybody when the mountains are moving and things can have faith, but let it go backwards one time and see how it works. That's when you'll prove whether you got faith or not. Praise God. Hallelujah. I'm so thankful that I'm going to I'm going to wind this up real soon. Amen. But you see now you know the unseen world. I was going to finish with this. We've had a prophet stand in this age and he's standing. He says, "I'm standing in two worlds. I'm standing on the platform, but then I can see the eternal world." And he said, and he said many times, "Can't you see that pillar of fire over that person?" Many people couldn't see into that world, but they felt the effects of the pillar of fire and they'd be very moved and God would speak to them and change their lives. Now, we know that that same pillar of fire is here. He He said, "I'll never leave you nor forsake you." He said where two or three are gathered there I am in the midst. So he's present in this room. We're gathered in his name are we not? Hallelujah. And then he and then he and then brother Ram would say you know people would say I just don't understand what's going on. And but then he then he would say and go awake Jesus certainly he lives. He says that what's this you're bumping into all the time? What's that condemn you when you're wrong? What makes you believe that's him? Amen. So, we're walking on in life and we're just bumping bumping into God. Amen. He convicts us when we're wrong to make things right. And he causes us to believe his word and it's us bumping into God. And I'll say, you know, he says, you know, I feel a strange feeling here tonight. Looks to me like, you know, I want to cry or shout or something. He says, that's the angels of the Lord affecting people. Amen. And to me now, what is it? It is it is it is eternity bumping into God's children. I say it's your theophony. Everyone put it this way. It's your theophony bumping into you. It bumps into you. You give your life. Bumps into you. Get baptized. Bumps into you. Make things right. Bumps into you. You receive the Holy Ghost. You know, but eventually, but you see now as God is pouring out his spirit more and more. We're being bumped into more and more. And what's going to happen then? One day, it's not just going to be a bump. It's going to be a molding together where it's going to carry us out of this dimension. You know, heaven is not that far away. It's just a faster dimension about this high, brother Ram said. And it's been influencing you your entire life. Hallelujah. And what's it going to do? Carry you away. Hallelujah. I say praise. I say this day. This day many more scriptures are fulfilled in this day. I say in your life many scriptures have been fulfilled. Amen. The full power of the blood has been displayed in your life this day. Why are you? Cuz you're a believer in Lady Oia. You're a believer in Satan's Eden. That's a victory in itself. It's a glorious thing. A to be a Christian in this day filled with the Holy Ghost. That's a that's a glorious thing. Amen. Brother says, "How to overcome, keep life in you." I'm just going to close with these thoughts. Maybe we could have the musicians come. Don't want to be too long. He says to overcome is to keep life in you. Amen. So let the he said he said that's how so how do you keep the life of God in you? Keep the Holy Ghost around you. Never let a critical spirit get on you. Never be negative. Never be never be negative. Never never confess what the devil wants you to confess. No, you're more than an overcomer. You're more than a conqueror. Amen. This is the day when divine love is projected and sovereign grace takes its place. This is the day. this day. I know I've shared this before, but I'll share it again because you know, so I was in the Solomon Islands over a year ago in March and we were on this little island and you know, um I was there with a brother from Melbourne, Brother Jim Carman. And you know, I woke up one morning and he was praying for people downstairs outside and I heard this scream. It was a teenage girl, but it was unearly scream. It wasn't a human scream. And so I got up and I went down and you know, you know, he's dealing with this with this teenage girl and she's totally out of her mind. You can only see the white of her eyes. She's writhing and screaming and shouting. And I I asked her, "What is your name?" And she said, she just said, "My name is Satan." Screaming, "My name is Satan. My name is Satan." And so we prayed for her and she just passed out. And brother Jim Kman said, "Well, is she free?" I said, "No, I've seen this before. It's just the spirit making her cast out that I mean making her pass out that she won't be free." So prayed for her again. She came back just screaming and shouting and writhing and just so angry. And I thought to myself, what can I do, Lord? What can I do? But then such a love and compassion came over my life for her. This is just just anchored in my heart. The same blood that Jesus shed for me is the same blood was shed for her. And then I prayed for I just felt the love of God and that spirit was cast out of her life and she walked away from that normal healthy sound mind. Well, why? Because divine love was projected. and sovereign grace took its place. That's what go we live in this season this day and I'm sure it's happened many different people many different ways. But you see God wants sovereign divine love to be projected. That's why don't hate one another. Don't despise. Don't be resentful. Don't look down on anyone. Let the divine love of God take over and then sovereign grace can step in, take its place and do what God wants to do. Amen. We live in this season. I say this day all these things are fulfilled in our lives. So what can we do? We say thank you Lord. Thank you you found me. Thank you you've kept me. Thank you you're guiding me. Thank you you're opening your word to me. Thank you Lord. You've you you've saved me from many things. I've been in trouble and you and you saved me. I've been confused and you brought me a right mind. I was sick and you healed me. I was hungry and you fed me. I felt unlovable but you loved me, Lord. You've been so good. Hallelujah. Let's stand. Amen. This afternoon. Amen. I just pray God would take these bless chopped chopped up things and everything. We live in such a glorious day. Amen. You got a you got a song there, Brother [Music] Isaac. Amen. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Amen. Is that it? Amen. Let's sing this together. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every [Music] mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak [Music] Jesus. Amen. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freom. I speak Jesus. [Music] Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. You break every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Bles burn like a fire. [Music] Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and know anxiety. [Music] To every soul held captive by depression, I speak [Music] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. And you break every stronghold. Break every shine through the shadow burn. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. And you'll break every stronghold. Break every shine through the [Music] shadow. Shine from the mountain. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Oh Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Can you break every stronghold? Break every stronghold. Shine through the sh like a fire. Your name is power. Your name is power. Oh, your name is healing. Your name is [Music] love. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Hallelujah. Amen. Is that your heart's desire? Shine through us, Lord. burn like a fire. Amen. Wonder if anyone be everyone be comfortable. Let's lay hands on one another. Let's pray for one another, shall we? Amen. We go from this king's birthday weekend and we go out into the rest of the year and so on. Who wants to have a closer walk with God? Say, Lord, come live my life in a greater way, oh God. Amen. When you pray for the one next to you, gracious Father, I just want to Lord, just commit this congregation into your hands. Lord God, those who may be streaming, Lord Jesus, Father, I pray you bless each one. Dear God, when we see you, the mighty conqueror, Lord. Father, you rent you you rent the veil in two, Lord. You conquered hell, death, and the grave, Father, and you're walking among us, Lord, walking in us, Lord, at the end of this age. We want to praise your holy name, Lord. Thank you, Father, that we're living in the day, Lord, of many, many prophecies are being fulfilled, Father. Thank you, dear God, that Lord, you're here to fulfill your word in our lives, Lord. And we know, Lord, when you fulfill your word, it's nothing that we personally can boast in that we did anything. It's you and your sovereignty. say, "I'm going to prove my word through their lives." Thank you, dear God, that you've saved us. Thank you, Lord, that you've washed us in your blood. Father, I want to pray for each one here. Lord, you know the struggles. You know the hardships. You know what we're going through, Father. The questions, the needs, the burdens, Father. Lord, those unanswer what seems to be unanswered prayers sometimes that seem to linger. Father, I pray you touch each life, dear God. Father, may you encourage our faith, Lord Jesus. Lord, establish us in your word more. Father, may we know as we are known, dear God, in a greater way. Father, bless each one here. Father, give them a greater victory, Lord Jesus. May they see you've made them to be an overcomer. Father, you your transforming power has come into every life. And Father, I want to pray, Lord, anyone here who has not received the Holy Ghost, Lord. Father, these things are just seems like stories to them, Father. It's not personal. It's not live. Lord, I pray that they would open their hearts and may you fill them with your Holy Spirit, Lord, even now, Lord. Do a quickening work, dear God, by your spirit, Father. Grant it, dear God, in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord. I commit everyone here into your hands, Father, for your glory. We love you, Lord. We thank you. We're living in the season, Lord, of the body change. Lord, we're so thankful for that, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. I'll turn the service to you, bro. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let's sing. Um I've just got this. I've got this song on my heart. I just want to sing. Um the Lord bless you and keep [Music] you. The Lord bless you and keep you and make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and me. Let's sing that one more time. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you. [Music] The Lord bless you and keep you and make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and give you peace. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. the Lord be and keep you and make his face shine upon you and be [Music] gracious toward you and give you peace. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Mayor be upon you and a thous generation. [Music] generation and your family and your children. [Music] you all around you. He is with you. May his presence may his presence before you and behind you and you all around you. [Music] You're weeping and rejoicing before you in the morning. In the morning, in the evening, in your coming, in your morning. You're weeping and rejoicing for you. for you. [Music] You [Music] amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you and make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you. The Lord turns his face toward you and give you peace. [Music] My boat of life sails on a trouble sea. But heaven there's a wind in my s. But I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into a game. I know the master. I know the master of the wind. Yes, I do. And I know I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm. Make the sun shine again. I love the master of Sometimes our [Music] soul. Sometimes our soul is like an angel to the sky. Mark the peace my soul can be found. Oh but an unexpected storm. It may drive me from the high. It may bring me low, but it will never bring me down. I know the monster. I know the master of the wind. Yes, I do. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the stor and make the sun shine again. I know the master. I know the master of the wind. I know the master of the wind. Yes, I do. I know the maker of the race. [Music] But he can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master. Sing one more time. I know the master of the way. Oh yes, I do. I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm. Make the sun shine again. I know the master of wind. Amen. We know the master of the wind this evening. I've got a faster song on my heart I want to do just before we close. It's called um I may never march in the infantry. Ride in the cavalry shoot the artillery. That's a bit high there. Let's go there. You know the song. Are you all soldiers? Oh yeah. You're on the winning team. You undefeable. Oh, I may never march in the infantry ride in the cavalry to the artillery. I may never fly over the enemy. But I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I'm in the Lord's army. I'm in the Lord's army. Oh, I may never march in the infantry, riding the cavalry, shooting the artillery. I may never by all the enemy, but I'm in the Lord's army. Oh, yes, sir. I'm in the Lord's army. I'm in the Lord's army. I may never I may never march in the infantry riding the cavalry shooting the artillery. I may never fly over the enemy, but I'm in the Lord's army. Yes. Okay, I got one more. I got one more. Oh, sometimes I feel like I'm going up up up. I'm going forgot that once. I'm going up. Oh, sometimes I feel like I'm going up. I'm going up, too. Sometimes I feel like, oh, sometimes I feel like I'm going up, up, up, up. I'm going up. I'm going up. Oh, sometimes I feel like I'm going up. I'm going up. Sometimes I feel like heaven's come down. Sometimes I feel like heaven's come down, down, down, down. Heavens come down. Heavens come down. Sometimes I feel like heaven's come down. Heaven's come down on me. Sometimes I feel like Oh, sometimes I feel like heaven's come down. Heaven's come down. Heaven's come down. Sometimes I feel like heaven's come down. Heavens come down on me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Well, it's been a wonderful time of um fellowship. Why don't we just shake one another's hand um this afternoon? Just say God bless you. It's nice to be here. It's good to meet everyone and you know make this effort to come together and as a as a group of believers. We're all on the same team. I think it was brother uh Vera this morning that he said it's not a competition, you know, between the musicians. Well, it is a competition. We just we're on the same team competing against the enemy. And I'm glad to have you all on my team. You can keep playing something. [Music] [Music] What's this [Music] one? Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, how I love to be in that number. When the saints go. Oh, when the saints Oh, when the saints come maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, how I can be in that number. When the saint that was the right one. Oh, and the bride. Oh, when the bride beast with the Lord. Oh, and the bride be with her Lord. Oh, how long be in that number when the bride be singer when they crown the motor. Oh, and they crown you alone. Oh, when they crown you, Lord of all. Oh, how in that number. Oh, when they crown. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, and the saints go maring in. Oh [Music] my god. [Music] When the saints go, when we gather, when we gather around the throne and the gates within I'll be shouting glory, glory when the saints go. Going in the [Music] face [Music] [Music] marot to swing. And [Music] I feel [Music] Mar. Oh, and the saint. It's just the voices. Oh, and the saints. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, and the saints go maring in. Oh, how I love to be in that number when the saints go my Amen. Amen. Let's just pray this afternoon. Just commit the service to the Lord. Lord, we thank you that we have that great promise, Lord, that as we see, Lord, the unfolding and the unraveling of the world that we're in, Lord, we're so thankful that we don't rest our hopes here. We don't rest our dreams here. We don't rest our value here, Lord. But we rest our hope and our dreams and our value, Lord, in your everlasting kingdom, Lord. And in that in that realm, Lord, that's more real than this realm. So, we just want to pray you'll bless each one as we keep our minds focused upon you, Lord, and upon your work. As you said when you were here, I must be about my father's business. May each one of us be about our father's business while we're here. We know we've got to do this and do that to Lord to make things work and and things like that. But Lord, may our sole focus be upon you as even that what we heard this afternoon Lord that brother when he was on his FF Bossworth I believe it was he said all all my life I've labored for this I've labored for for the for you Lord and that one day you'll come through the door. May that be our testimony when we Lord when it's the end of the road we say all my life I've labored for the Lord and now he's going to come and meet me. May we not quickly try and shore things up just at the end, but may we serve you with all of our heart now, Lord, and and find what our calling is, Lord, and and serve you diligently in what you've given us and use all our talents for you, Lord. So, I just want to pray a blessing upon each one as we go away this evening. And may we just go rejoicing and walk in complete victory in each area of our life. We pray we just commit the service to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. God bless your dismissed in Jesus name this afternoon. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. Heat up [Music] [Music] here. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat [Music] up here. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
