################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-02 - 25 03 30 - Brother Allistair Francis - How It All Works - Part 4 - Light and the Plant - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-02
Title:    25 03 30 - Brother Allistair Francis - How It All Works - Part 4 - Light and the Plant
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   Rapturing Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzm8LnaT4wk
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] N. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Bless you everybody. You like to stand to your feet. Never cease to [Music] worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hand. Forever I'll love you. I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My [Applause] shelter, power of refuge and strength. Heard every prayer. All that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares the promise I have in you. Amen. Let's just pray. Dear Lord Jesus, we are grateful, Lord God, to come once again into your mighty presence, Lord. To come into a presence that can cut down into the deepest places of our heart, Lord Jesus. the places where we don't even want to look at Lord God where we refuse to look at it Lord but Lord God you draw it out of us Father and we thank you for that so Lord we just ask that you will come down Lord that you will open our hearts to receive Lord Jesus that a change will take place Lord God that you'll be able to perform your heart surgery on us Lord Jesus and give us the healing that we need Lord God not the healing off just surface level Lord emotion but a deep change Lord God that is permanent Lord and maybe it won't be an instant miracle Lord but may you just sew the seed Lord God that is necessary Lord that it may develop Lord we just invite you now Lord receive our worship Lord God may just take over brother Alistister Father may you just possess him with your Holy Spirit Lord God and speak to us through him we just commit him to you commit ourselves to you once more Lord Jesus we thank Thank you for all that you do in our lives. In your name, [Music] amen. Lord, the light of your love is shining in the midst of the darkness. anxiety. Jesus, light of the world, shine upon us. Set us free by the truth you now bringing us. Shine on me. Shine on me. Shine Jesus, shine. Fill this land with the father's glory blit place. Set our hearts on fire. Flow river flow. Flood the nations with grace and mercy. Send forth your word, Lord. And let there be light, Lord. I come to your awesome presence. From the shadows into your radiance by the blood I may enter your brightness. Search me, try me, consume all my darkness. Shine on me. Shine on me. Shine Jesus, shine. Fill this land with the Father's glory. Set our hearts on fire. Flow, river flow, and flood the nations with grace and mercy. Send forth your word, Lord, and let there be light. As we gaze on your kingly brightness, so our faces display your likeness. Ever changing from glory to glory. Fair and hair. May our lives tell your story. Shine on me. Shine on me. Shine Jesus. Shine. Fill this land with the Father's glory. Bless. Set our hearts on fire. Glory flow. nations, grace and mercy. Send forth your word, Lord, and let there be light. [Music] The splender of the [Music] king clothed in mesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in life. [Music] And darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great, how great is our [Music] God. He stands and time is in his hands. The Holy Spirit is the spirit like the D and faithful at his side. His pure and blood is bright. Together we will rain. Forever we will rain. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, see how great how great is our God. You are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing our God is the name above all. You are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God to me. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, how great how great is our God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Wonder if we can take our seats for a [Music] moment. It's a It's just been a wonderful camp, wonderful time. and we have our last official service and then this afternoon the testimony, but that's going to be a little more informal. But um I've just had a fantastic time over this weekend and and I love the down to- earthth practical way that the Lord spoke to us. Um but the wonderful thing is because the word like our brother said because the word is open we can look at the word from an open book perspective but if we can't apply it practically to our lives what's the point right amen and I just love how how all those things come together you need the teaching you need the rain you need that and and and that former rain is is still a bit of milk you know little by little until we until we grow up and then the teaching ing becomes stronger. But you can't just you can't just pour pour teaching on without all the other elements coming together. So we're so thankful that the Lord allows those things for us and and we are just the beneficiaries of his of his wonderful plan. It's a it's a privilege to serve the Lord. Um so I have a a whole bunch of things to get through this morning. So I'll I'll pre-warn you. I'll let the musicians relax. You can sit and relax and start playing, but otherwise you're going to be playing for a very long time. Um, so firstly, welcome Eugene and Flur. It's uh it's really good to see you. Um, for those of you who don't know, I think Eugene used to be song leader here, wasn't it? Yeah, that's right. Praise the Lord. So, that's been a while. So, they live in Perth now. [Music] Um something. What was that? You want to want to do some song leading? Praise the Lord. I've just really appreciated everything this weekend and and I want to say thank you. I'm not going to single anyone out, but so many people have done their part to let it all come together and I'm so grateful. I thank the Lord for you. Um, I also thank thank you for using your gifts and making it available and letting the Lord use it. So, I thank you very much for that and um, it's just been a blessing and I trust that no one feels like they were left out on the blessing because they were too busy or too tired. So, I really trust that the Lord will will just um, give us that injection of strength we need for this morning. I can feel my mind is a little tired. Um, and I'm sure many of you have the same situation, but um, we pray that the Lord will just supernaturally bypass those things and and really speak to your hearts. Okay. So, a few reminders and those of you whose memory is anything like mine, you want maybe want to take out some notebooks and make notes. Um, so firstly, I'll remind you no church on Wednesday. Also, no midweek prayer meeting on Tuesday morning this week. So those are the first two things. Um then also remember brother Tony Murray is here next Sunday. So he will be taking the Sunday service and then um between brother Adrien and brother Steven they will take the the other services while I'm gone. Um so just for interest sake who of you are going to the Easter services in Oakland? Can you maybe raise your hands? Let me get my idea. So one, two, three. Okay. So basically three families. So not not too many people will be gone. Okay. Um so God willing from from our travel perspective. So we we fly it. I actually only figured out this morning that Paul and I on exactly the same flight as brother Alistister from Sydney to Janisburg. So um we're flying out. So flying out to Sydney on on um well be flying out from New Plymouth on Tuesday um late afternoon and then out of Oakland on on Wednesday morning. Then we'll catch up with brother Alistister who will already be in Sydney um overnight. Um so also we God willing we'll be back in um Stratford on Easter Friday. So we we're away for two weeks. um back in Oakland on the Thursday night and then back in Stratford on on Easter Friday. Um which obviously by then the convention is already on on the go. Um so there's a also a few things happening um on Easter Saturday there's a wonderful now all the eyes are going to be on that for the next however long. Um, so on Easter Saturday there's a potluck tea at the Moyers. Um, so I I'm sure Mark will um put the the times and stuff on the social chat, but um maybe we'll ask the deacons to play bird catcher or something. Maybe we should ask the trustees. I know I know he's rejoicing with us, but um Melinda's not going to rejoice. Let's just leave that there. Um okay. So, so remember now Easter Saturday if you can think and look at the bird at the same time. Um Easter Easter Saturday we have a potluck at brother Bruce and Sister Kate's place. Um so um if you would like to be there and you're not on the social chat chat to Mark he will he will give you the the details of that. And then also a week later it's Anzac Day. Um, so on Anzac Day, it's something that we've been kind of planning last year and it didn't happen and and so on and we we'll try and do it this time. So on Anzac Day, we're going to do a progressive um day um and but with a little bit of a twist, we'll make it an international progressive day. So we have identified three countries. So we'll do three stops. um 1:00 in the morning kind of morning teaish time. Um and then we'll do a a lunch and then later afternoon um and um so the countries that we have identified was Moroccan, South African, Turkish. So at each of those stops, morning stop is going to be Moroccan, lunch stop is going to be South African and afternoon stop is going to be Turkish. And then the idea is that um the host family and their support families will cook food from that country um and also do some form of an activity or something associated with that country. So Mark is going to coordinate that again on the social chat. So if you're not on the social chat, speak to Mark to get those arrangements done. Where's the Where's the trustees? They're afraid of chasing the birds out. How do we do this? Do we Yes. I have no idea. I can't think like a bird. Um cardigan or something. Okay. No, but but seriously, um seriously, I'm I'll ask if the trustees can maybe Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate that. I know this is going to be a little distraction for a little while. There we go. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you everyone. Well, I'm thankful it happened now, not during this service. Um, okay. So, everyone's got that. That's Anzac Day. Um, then also I want to announce Well, time is running very quickly. I want to announce the arrangements for this afternoon. Um, so when when service finishes here, we'll um we need to give the the food team a uh a little bit of an opportunity to get lunch ready. But then after lunch um we we said 2:30, but if we're ready earlier, we can start earlier with um with brother Alistister's testimony. Um, and we'll see what the weather does, but the plan is that we just take some of the chairs from the lunchroom, lunch hall, and do it outside on the on the concrete area in front of the the dining hall. Um, so then we'll just sit around there and listen to that testimony. So, ideally, um, we will try to back up before then. Um, so, um, I know that there's going to be time before and after lunch, um, for you. So, if you want to maybe pack your cars, clean your rooms, um I'm sure Joseph will appreciate a hand with some he No, Joseph doesn't want the hand with the audio and video stuff, but I'm sure I'm sure Oh, Judah will appreciate a hand with backing the chairs back um and that kind of thing. So, if you can just see if you can give hands somewhere and maybe the food team also might appreciate some help. Um, so yes, any questions about this afternoon? Any questions about all the other things? Okay, praise the Lord. Um, then it is unbelievably end of March. So, we have uh some April birthdays and I'm not going to be here next weekend. So, um would like to wish a happy birthday to our April babies. By the way, um I'm very proud to say that brother Alistister is also a December baby. He's amazing. He's on the 18th of December. So that's pretty cool. Um so on the 5th of April, Jessica Oliver, Melinda Harvey, Shalom Harvey. On the 16th of April, Shayon Milan already a year old. Can you believe it? on the 18th, brother Frank Hogan. On the 22nd, Anamikazut and on the 27th, Bethany. So, I want to say again to you, God bless you with a very special day. Not just on the day, may the Lord continue to reveal himself to you. Yiani, what day is your birthday? 28th. 28th. My condolences. You have the same day as my sister. very happy birthday to you. So may the Lord bless each one of you very richly as you as you enter the new year. So that is all I have for now. We have a couple more things a little bit later. So uh we'll have those prayers and things but I'll hand back to you Michael and then we'll Okay. So you want me to announce the specials and then go from there. Okay, let's do that. So song specials directly now. So, Brother Jeremy first and then the Harvey family. Is that right? Okay. Um, hello everybody. Um, Brother Joseph, have you got the the words to the promise that I gave you the other day? Oh, that's good. Right there. Um, God bless everybody. Um really appreciated a text yesterday. Somebody said um notice I wasn't here and uh realized I've been sick and I'm still not good. But um they said the family camp's not quite the same without you. And I thought that was very special because it reminded me of um when I was back in primary school and uh I only ever missed one day of school. So, I got back the next day and we had a little assignment and um I took it to the teacher to get [Music] um to get marked and I was quite proud of what I'd done. And uh she said, "Thank you. That's very good, but uh go and sit down and be quiet because we had a really good day without you yesterday." And to this day, I couldn't never figure out what it was I'd done wrong. So, um, thank you, brother Jonathan, for that text. I'm still a bit hard of hearing. My head's a bit out, so [Music] The wealthiest farmer in Texas. Is this going right? That's better. As I say, I'm I'm struggling to hear [Music] the wealthiest farmer in [Music] Texas throwing a grand jubilee to honor his son who just turned 21. He came down from the east who was rumored he wanted to marry. Every girl in the county was there. He soon grew tired of their passion, their pride. Stepped outside for some. Was there there in the moonlight he saw her? Sorry. It was there on the backst step he saw her. The moonlight shine down on her face. She was washing the floor and stealing his poor heart away. What's the next one? He knew he would love her forever. They walked beneath the darkness of sky. He knelt as he asked her to marry. Then he watched as the tears sprang from bright. He feared she was going to refuse him. Please don't make a sound. Leaving tonight for Chicago. I must ride before the snow lies on the ground. was going there to build there to build you a mansion. Returning to make you my wife. Meet me there by the stables just one year from tonight. Let it be you. Let it be you. [Music] She worked long days in the kitchen. She worked with her needles each night till the day she walked down to the stables in the beautiful gown of pure. The girls they laughed and they mocked too. As the evening shadows fell, their laughter was turned into sorrow at the sound of the carriage on the trail. Bright she's made herself ready. Look now for the bridegroom is onto the marriage. Step up in the carriage and drive. Let it be you. Oh, let it be you. Let it be you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I love to sing your praise. I love the sound of your name. It fills me with peace washes over me. I have to sing your praise. It brings [Applause] victory. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I love to see [Applause] [Music] you. Heat. Heat. All my days I see your praise sing in the [Music] morning and [Music] prom brothers and sisters. Sing praise to the [Music] king. I love to sing your praise. I love the sound of your name. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Praise the sound of your name. No matter what I see, I Praise the victory. [Applause] [Applause] She got to stand. We haven't sung this song in like two months. Can you believe it? You were the word at the beginning, one with God the Lord most [Music] high. Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of [Music] Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus you brought heaven [Music] down. My sin was great. Your love was greater. What could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] Death could not hold you. The veil call before you. Silence abost of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory. For you were raised to life again. You have no right. You have no equal now and forever. God you reign. Yours is the kingom. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all name. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Come [Music] on. Okay. So now um today we have a very special and very exciting uh event. Let's just uh take our seats again. Um as you know we have had a an addition an addition to the church. So today we want to bring little Brixton to the Lord and and uh just ask the Lord to to bless his little life. Amen. So maybe Nan Marisa, you can bring him in. Let's just sing that song. Bring them in as as they come up. Bring them in. Bring them in. Father, Lord, I'm so thankful that we know, Lord, that in name and Mr. that you've that you've equipped them, Father, because before the foundation of the earth, you associated Young Brixton with them, Lord, oh God. And I pray that your anointing will be upon them, Father, that you will guide them and lead them, oh Lord Jesus. Just give them grace to engage with him, Father, in a way that you lead them to to be the example or to live that token over him, Father, to give him godly advice, godly guidance. Oh Jesus, provide the the atmosphere that he needs to grow up, to serve you, Father, to fall in love with you. Oh Lord Jesus, I pray that you will keep your hand of protection over little Brixton. Lord, I pray, Father, that the enemy will not get anything done in his little life, Lord, that will have a a negative effect on him. Father, I pray, Lord Jesus, that you will keep this little life. And if you should carry and he should grow up, Father, I pray that you will come to revelation of you into the rebirth. Father, walk a road with you, Father, that he's just going higher every day. Lord, we pray that your angels will be encamped around him every step, Father. Lord, I pray for mom and dad, Lord, that you will just lead them, guide them, bless him, Lord, also the extended family. I pray for them, for wisdom, Lord Jesus, and for for the involvement that that is needed, Lord. Father, we just thank you, Lord. Wrap your arms around this precious little life and keep him now. Father, you brought him this far, Lord, through generations. Lord, you orchestrated that he will be exactly what he is, Lord. And we thank you for it and ask it in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Pull it off. God bless you. Here you go. God bless you. Praise the Lord. I also said um I would like to pray um for Matan and also for Pillow and myself for the for the trips. So um maybe I'll I'll ask brother Matan where where you sitting. Am I missing you? There we go. Would you come up please? And Pillow, will you also come up? Brother Adrian, can can you come and pray for us for the for the two trips? But I want to ask as I always ask brothers, any brothers who want to come and just pray with us, please um do that. We want to ask the Lord's inspiration, the Lord's protection. Um pray that the Lord will just be in control of of these two trips. So let's just gather around [Music] Precious heavenly father, Lord, eternal things are happening all around us, Lord. Yes, Father. Deep things, rich things, Lord. Amen. Prophetic things, Lord God. And Lord, I just pray for my brothers and sister pillow, Lord, that wherever they go, Lord God, that there'll be a shining light. Yes, Father. Amen. As you said in the beginning, let there be light. And the light, Lord, is in your bride, Lord. And Lord, as they venture out into the the various areas that you've called them, Lord, may there be such an edification. May there be such a a great move of God, Lord. May it just bring glory to your name, Lord. And Lord, I just pray that they'll just push back all the darkness, Lord, that's around the people of the those that they meet, Lord. And Lord, for those that are already in the light, Lord, that they will receive more light and a greater revelation and a great vision of what this message is to produce, Lord God. Lord, a great marriage between a bridegroom and a bride, Lord. I pray, Lord, we commit them into your hands. And Lord, of every devil and everything that tries to hinder them, we bind them in the name of Jesus Christ for your glory, Lord. And we commit them into your hands, Lord, and say thank you, Lord, for what you've raised them up for, Lord. We ask in your precious name, Lord. Amen. Amen. Thanks, Lord. Okay. Well, that's that's all the things we uh we wanted to do this morning. Praise the Lord. We have a visitor back. I wonder if that's going to be a recurring situation here. Um, so let's just stand together and we'll we'll just um we'll sing a song or two and ask the Lord to to just come on the scene. Let me pray maybe one more time before we before we sing. You can start playing that song if you want to. Most wonderful and loving heavenly father. Lord Jesus, there's so many things we just had to touch on this morning, Lord. Father, we had a sense of humor and different things, Father. Oh God, but we ask that you will come on the scene for us now. We welcome you, oh Father. We I pray this morning, Lord, that the enemy will not be able to disturb our our fellowship with you, Lord Jesus, and that Lord, your word will reign in every heart, Father. Lord Jesus, I pray that you will make your word alive to us, Lord. Father, please have your way. Our God, we just welcome you now. Welcome you, Lord. I want to take the step to welcome you into every heart, Father. I pray Lord Jesus that if there's anyone that's maybe down for whatever reason, battles, maybe came here, maybe didn't want to come, Father, Lord Jesus, I pray that you will touch each one of those two, Father. Amen. Lord Jesus, I just pray that you will have your way among us this morning. I commit the service to you. I pray that you will help us to focus on you now. Lord, we sang the songs. We had the songs items. as we sung items, Lord. We we had all the preliminaries, Father, but this is why we're here now, Father, to hear from you. Oh, God, we thank you. And we ask these things in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. A woman tried so many physicians, yet grew worse. her to Jesus. She came and made the crowd trying to restrain her. [Music] He whispered these words through. All touching Jesus is all that really matters. Amen. Yes, Lord. And your life will never be the same. There's only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. [Applause] I was found when I now had the altar. Praise the Jesus could meet my every need. [Music] In this present finally does Jesus set me free. Oh praise the Lord is free. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matter. And your life will never be the same. Oh, there is only one way to touch [Music] him. Just believe when you call on his name. Now is the same as your brother comes. Now is the same. [Music] [Applause] Yesterday, today forever. He still remains the word today as he was there. And [Music] Oh, touching Jesus is all really matters. and your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch him. Hallelujah. Just believe when you call his name. [Music] Amen. The Lord bless you. You may be seated. Once again, greetings in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And uh trust you're all well and rested. I can't believe it's almost the end. Just started having a good time. But I certainly appreciate the the uh prayers of the saints and the fellowship. It was uh even the little walk in the dark last night to see the glowworms. Um it was uh really a good experience and good to be here with you all sharing the word of God. Amen. It looks like he's going to come to me now. That's where the light is. So um we just want to before get into the message just really thank brother Al once again for the invite and uh for the confidence and we just met briefly but I believe that God uh draws us together by the revealed word of the hour. It's not about our personalities. It's it's not about anything else. I think we recognize in each other the word of God and u obviously the seed that is within us. Um there's a brother there's a brother here who is uh in Canada with brother John Simon. Uh yeah. Uh I met brother John Simon once and he preached there in Durban and he started off preaching and he said we were all in the logos. Sons of God in attribute form a long time ago before the foundation of the world. And that's when the sons of God sang together and shouted for joy. He said, "How much more when we are in manifestation, those same attributes must come together. There will have to be shouting and singing and rejoicing. It shouldn't be division and distrust and suspicion because we were doing that in him in the beginning. It should be a manifestation. And that's why I really it I remember it after all these years. I still uh remind people of the same thing. So we certainly appreciate uh that God had us in his mind and that he purposed this that we could be together and expressing God's word. Amen. So without much ado, we want to conclude this subject. I trust that you know you may not realize it may have been it may look so simple but you may not realize how many doctrines we have spoken about in just simplicity I could list them all out for you and it and it's tremendous how much we spoke about when we spoke about ground we spoke about election chosen ground predestination mysteries that that have been hidden from generations. When we spoke about seed, we spoke about origin. We spoke about the logos. We spoke about eternal life. When we speak about water, we're speaking about the ministry. We're speaking about uh the five-fold ministry. We speaking about spoken word, which is the original seed. We we spoke about the air. We speak about the Holy Ghost. the difference between the gifts and and the actual nature of the Holy Ghost, the the spiritual aspect of the body, the church. So I just I hope while we spoke about this, you understand why this is not a religion, why it should not be perceived as a religion. It's it's reality and that we're not here following some just some idea. There is a reality that we must possess about all of this that we must grasp. It mustn't become like we're in a days just following a crowd. You must be conscious of what of what what is going on. So when when it comes to this part on light, this is the day that we are living in. And I what I really didn't like growing up in the message was that the the the major doctrines and I hate calling them doctrines because that it has a bad ring to it, you know, because people always seem to fight about doctrines and they label it that but don't really know what it is. Yeah. When you speak about the seven seals immediately like people recoil or the hair goes up on their back, you know, like a cat or like a dog and it's like, okay, I'm defensed now. What are they about to say? You know, it shouldn't be that way. And even when we speak about the thunders, it doesn't mean because some people label themselves thunders that now we have to recoil from it. No, it belongs to us and everything to do with this. So I want to even make it more plain so that the children will understand that it's this is not some buzzwords that only uh you know widely read intelligent people in the message can talk about. No, it's something so real, so basic for you when you apply it to the seed you understand what it is. Amen. So it's about light. It is light. Okay. So we actually saw it uh when they switched off the lights, right? And I'm and I'm going to explain that to you. So let's you all kind of know where everything is, right? You know where the chairs are. You were singing a little earlier and uh you know where sort of things are. You know where brother Joseph is in the back and the camera, right? Okay. Imagine if we switched everything off and even we switched the sun off outside and there was no light. Okay. What is your psychology? You're basically going to stand still. You're going to not move to the left or right. You cannot if you wave your hand, you might slap somebody. You you really have no confidence to go anywhere. And if you if I said all of you run around the room, you'll be filled with fear because you can't. You know, if you try to run, you'll crash over things. You'll fall down. You'll break an ankle or you'll hurt yourself. You can't. In other words, without light, you have no confidence, right? So then we put a small candle on. Remember, the sun is switched off. All the lights switch off. We put a small candle. Now you can all see the candle. Most people with fear are going to want to get closer to the light. And even with that little candle, you can just about shuffle. You still can't run around the room. If we start playing music, you still can't dance. You can't jump around. You can't swear. You can't clap. You can't walk around. You can't do that thing you were doing last night. Right? You can't because it's just a little bit of light. And then we switch on some some other lights. Maybe those side ones there. Now there's a little bit more confidence. Now you can see each other's faces. You kind of know where things are. You can clap. You can wave your hands. You can raise your hands. But if we put on all the lights and then we say run around. You can you can run around without bumping into each other. You can have more freedom. There's a lot more confidence. So what what happens when light starts to get brighter is it starts to expose everything and when everything is exposed and you can your vision is is full you have complete confidence. Now remember what what was bringing ability was anointing right? It's fine to have a you're standing in the dark with ability, but light is going to give confidence. Light is going to give vision. Light is going to is going to allow that ability to to be powerful to do whatever it can do. Uh whatever you were chosen to do. But what is the light? Where does our confidence come from? remember when you first came in from whatever culture you are, denomination or maybe you were an atheist and then you start learning the message. I I notice with people coming to the message um like now and they will come and sit down and say, "Brother Alistister, you know what? You guys are so far ahead of me. Uh you're talking about this seal and third pull and that I don't even know what you're talking about." And you can just see that lack of confidence. Yeah. And it's like they're watching. They're sitting there. Everyone saying amen. Amen. Yes, brother. And they feel left behind. And you can see that and like what can I do? What can I do to Now think about it. What can you do to get more confidence? You have the Holy Spirit moving. You have the Holy Ghost in the church. You've got worship right. The person is dressed right. The person is keeping all the rules. Why is he not feeling confident? Because of revelation. He's actually desiring revelation, right? And and you're preaching the word. You're teaching something. So, you already know what is light. It's divine revelation. You can have all the doctrine, all former and latter rain. It's coming. It's educating you. It's giving you knowledge. But light, revelation gives you confidence. Revelation exposes everything. Revelation removes all the darkness, all the spot, all the confusion, right? It's so it's like you take um let's take um any brother uh let's say he's not a carpenter and you have another brother who is a carpenter. So I don't know if you have these stores, we have some in in South Africa called Mr. Price and other things that uh they give you this DIY plan for a cupboard, right? You take a brother who's not a carpenter and there's the tools and the Allen keys and everything and the other guy who is a carpenter. This guy will assemble that cupboard without the plan. And the other one will and he will tighten here and then realize, oh my goodness, I was supposed to do this first. First put it together before I tighten. He's going to be done in 10 minutes. He's going to be done in 3 hours on exactly the same thing. What's the difference? He's got a revelation. Amen. He just has the plan and the theory. He's got a revelation. He's more powerful. He's more effective with the revelation. Right? That's the difference between people who just have whole bunch of theory, whole lot of teaching and no light. Amen. So light comes in three waves. So I want to begin with reading our scripture. This then is the message which we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light. We sang all those songs today about light. Thank you brother. God is light and in him is no darkness at all. God is light. God is revelation. Divine revelation. If we say that we have fellowship with him verse six and walk in darkness we lie and do not the truth. This guy's competing with me. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another. Do you know what that means? If we walk in the light as he is in the light, we actually connect. Fellowship means to be one. That's right. Right. We we can be united. As long as there's revelation, we can be united. You can you understand how you have the same Bible. People read the same Bible and cannot have fellowship. They just have argument. They have disagreements because the written word does not unite. Only light can unite you. Only revelation can unite you. Can make you one because you can read written word forever and ever and you'll keep forming new denominations. But there is a fellowship of the mystery. There is a union. There is a unity. And only that light is going to bring it together. What's more is that light does something for the plant we've been talking about. Amen. So I want to and for the children and for young people and new people, I want to identify to you what that light has been by the stages of the plant. Amen. Okay. So the light comes in three stages. So, let's look at this plant again. All right. So, here it is. Here's everything together. You've got the rain. You've got the ground. You We saw how the the the rain and the ground work together, right? To the seed to pull in. And then we have the air and the light working together with the ground as well and working together with the rain. And it all works together. But think of your life when you started in the message. How did the seed receive power? The re the seed has to receive power. Do you know the seed has to have light while the the seed is in the ground under the ground? Uh so those of you kids, you want to do a science experiment. You uh take a seed, take a box, put a put uh some uh sand inside, soil, good soil. Bury that seed, cover it in darkness, and then cut a hole in the side of the box. It's complete darkness inside. That plant will grow out sideways to the light. While the seed is in darkness in the ground, the light gives it direction. Amen. It will grow towards the light. So light you don't even know when revelation is striking though the seed is in darkness the light is giving the seed direction. You'd never nature expresses it, right? It's a good probably a good exercise if you ever do something like a youth camp. But it shows you what light what what the light is. So let's start with the first wave of light. Here's the first wave. This is you take any believer, you got the seed in you. Now I I put there the seven church ages. Can you see that? Yeah. Seven church ages. But what is the seven church ages? Uh I would say to young people when you are wanting to become more confident in God's word, your seven church age book is your manual for life. It's the beginning. It's the light that brings you. Why? Because the seven church ages starts with the sevenfold glory of his person. It's introducing you to Christ. It's introducing you to the the attributes of Christ, right? His eyes the flame of fire, his hair is white as snow, the feet of fine brass, he which was dead and which is alive and all the sevenfold glory of his person. And then it goes through all the seven church ages. But in every seven in every age, the prophet is teaching every single doctrine. is teaching baptism, godhead, serpent seed, lamb's book of life, like everything that you need to know for the seed to start to start swelling within the ground to take root. If you don't read those church ages, that church ages is light for for you to even start germinating. What What is it? What else is there about the seven church ages? There's the son of man ministry. It's basically the light that started you as God sent a prophet. You have to recognize the prophet. You have to recognize the prophet as the son of man ministry in this last day. That's the light that starts you even going amongst the believers of the bride in this day. That's the beginning light. And you can't live in that in that light forever and ever. That's your starting light. That's the light that that excites the ground and starts giving the seed direction to grow. It's not going to make you someone who's obsessed with the prophet, but definitely recognizing the message as the light that you need to follow. That's going to give you confidence. This is going to tell you about everything about the message. It gives you the principles of the message. It gives you the early doctrines. It gives you cood. It's giving you direction. This first light stimulates the ground. Can you see it? dress right, dress holy, act holy, speak holy. It's the first light. It's giving you revelation. The whole idea of the seven church ages is what? It's giving you the light of development. Ephesus to Leodysia. It's putting in you the confidence. You're going to know what it is like to begin by faith with absolutely zero knowledge. Just have faith. and then add to your faith virtue right it's going to give you that revelation so this is the first light you want to begin with I want to read a quote for you from it is the rising of the sun watch how brother combines light with the earth with the now as the sun was sent across the earth not to bring rocks which was dirt also to life whole he's going to bring the dirt to life with Right? He he actually tells you what your experience is. Remember the dirt was full of smut and filth and smelly stuff and all the nutrients in it and but when the seed was planted it made the earth elected earth chosen earth. It was not to bring all the dirt to life which means thankfully some of our stuff is going to fall off us. Praise be to God. Our negatives will be left behind. The rest will be glorified for the millennium. Look what he says. but was to bring the part of the dirt which was enclosed around a life. The light was going to do that. Not all men will receive Christ. Oh no. But those which God fore orained is housed around some of the dirt of earth. That's the one he comes to quicken. This is beautiful. I know. You know, I like the the part where brother says the um the Holy Ghost takes all the negatives away. There's parts of us that we will shed. There's the negative aspects, you know, because I come from an Indian background. It's like I have investments in uh um uh cardiology problems. It comes with my genetics. You know, heart disease among Indians. It's just there. you we have investments in that part of the hospital. Uh all our other people have different things but that's going to drop away. You know there may be some other issues maybe low iron or something there or something wrong with the brain or some genetics that's going to drop away. There may be superstition in my my background. There may that lack of faith that light will hit that out. That light will will quicken only the dirt that is that is needed. See and close around the life. It will drop away the negatives and it will it will bring a revelation to that which is needed for the seed. Imagine he says this in rising of the sun. Those which God for ordained life is housed around some of the dirt. Uh uh that's the one he comes to quicken. So that quickening light. Amen. They're the ones he continues said that now that dirt which lay there in the sun said oh this old sun is so hot that's what happens the light the light starts affecting the dirt this old sun is so hot that rock say that old sun is so hot but that little seed said that's what I'm looking for and it begin to spring forth to life it quickened that part of the dirt because the sun was sent not to quicken the rock not to quicken the dirt but to quicken the life of the seed and the life in the seed begin to quicken the dirt. See, there's the the sea is going to respond to revelation. There's there's going to be and what is revelation? Somebody speaks to you and calls you and tells you God sent a prophet and then they start telling you what the prophet said and you don't care about this prophet. You don't even care about this person telling you that. But something about what he's telling you is quickening something inside. You can't explain it. It's not theory. It's light. It's divine revelation. It's not explained. You go to your family and tell them, "I heard this this uh thing, this message thing by this man, William Brandon, they tell you he's a cult. Stay away from him." But something is stirring inside you. Something rings true. You can't explain it. And you find yourself giving that brother a call. You know, I want to talk more about that. You don't know because the light is affecting like that seed inside this box. It's moving towards the light. If you don't keep moving towards the light, you will constantly be dissatisfied. You'll be sitting there in that dark place and you be thinking, you'll be listening to some denominational preacher message and then you think, I don't need to be here. Something is not ringing true. I don't want to hear about politics and Psalm 23 every single Sunday and you know, Proverbs that and there's something that that brother was telling me about. It's I want to know more about that. It's a seed responding and the seed starts quickening the earth to follow. That's what revelation does. It puts confidence into the ability that is already there. Praise be to God. I love this. And then he says, "And now see now you are ready. You are already resurrected. When God raised him up, he raised you. The sun s o n is just now on you. Now you're growing into a blossom life plant like he was to be resurrected completely in the last day. Your potentials you have now. Amen. Why do you know? Your soul changed, didn't it? Your body come in obedience. The ground come in obedience because your soul changed. And what caused it? Light caused it. Amen. In obedience to what? A church. the word which is the life. Then you are now resurrected from the dead. It is Easter. I love this message rising of the sun and Easter seal because he's talking about it is Easter with you, I, and Jesus. It is a personal Easter. A personal resurrection. The seed fell into the ground. It died. Light hit it and resurrection took place. That is a real Easter message right there. When light strikes the earth and life comes out, that is Easter with you and I. Easter with Jesus and I. Don't you love him, saints? So, in this first wave of light, the body can feel the effects of the seed. Now, you you were stuck in darkness for so long and you heard somebody tell you about the message and they start telling about the seven church ages. Maybe like a good message denominational. You know, somebody was telling you God sent a prophet. Do you know triple 6? Do you know about serpent seed? And you're standing there and you're getting hammered like what is going on? First this prophet, then triple six and yeah, mark of the beast. And you're like, oh, oh, that's interesting. Still, there's like there's a little bit of stirring there, but a little bit of like this, who's this guy? He's a little bit creepy, you know. And then he starts and he starts telling you about soap and seed and that grabs you. You know, I always thought it wasn't an apple. And uh and then the ground starts stirring and then you can feel something bodily taking place. Wasn't an apple and and then he hits you with blood lines were crossed. Are you kidding me? How can it be that? Immediately your body some parts of you are saying no no no. Come on. That's a terrible story. And then we were warned of that. That was like a heresy and so on. But something inside you don't know because the seed responds to that light. It responds to that revelation. You cannot even explain to me. You can try, but you can never really explain to me the same way you can't explain why you love your wife. You cannot explain to me how when the message hit you the first time, you knew it was the truth. You didn't know it was the truth, but something responded and pulled you and kept pulling you. and your body, this earth was stirred up and kept responding. Just even when you didn't want to, your feet were just being dragged towards it. Amen. Get to that church. Go find that brother. Go talk about it again. Go ask another question. Light is stirring the ground. Amen. Isn't it wonderful how it works together? And in this first wave, the body feels the effects of the seed coming to life. Simply put, it's when your soul recognizes the message of the hour as the word for that day, for God's day. It stimulates the body to follow the message so that the seed can have a chance to grow. Now, you don't know. What you don't know is your body is making it more possible for the seed. Your body's dragging you to church. Your body's actually dragging you to read something. I mean, who wants to read this boring blue book with no pictures? Really, come on. Give us some pictures and, you know, cartoons or give us some audio. You open the page and it's just words. Most humans don't like it. What is pushing you to do something you don't even like. Most most people will tell you, "I'm just not a book person. Never read a book in my life." Now, you can't get enough of this stuff. And this guy doesn't even speak proper English, you know. Well, sometimes that appeals to us that he's he looks he sounds just like me, you know, and I'm reading, hey, some of it is so funny going on and I don't realize while I'm getting through, it's still appealing to me. It's stirring up more. There's light happening, right? And so the body responds so that the seed gets more chance to give off its life. Glory to God. Some people who are not seed, they have no seed inside. They're just ground. Even they get excited because the light still stirs up ground. It starts drying stuff up. Plus, they're receiving rain. They're going through this emotions of being wet and dry and wet and dry. You know, it's that's what church goes through because it's given freely. We read the quote yesterday where he says, "My the sun shines on everything with no compromise. The rain is poured out on the just and the unjust. That's what Christ said. So there'll be people who may even respond towards us but just have no seed inside. That's what happens in the this end time. The first wave of light, saints, is so important because it tells the seed which is not exposed. The seed is hidden. You still don't even know yourself. You don't have your identity yet. You just have this inclination. You can't describe it. This feeling, this desire, this knowing, you know, I remember when my dad went um when he got came into the message. This is his testimony. And um he came to in fact he didn't he he also wasn't the one who told him who told me this. His brother his older brother told me this. He says, "Your father, uh, in fact, my uncle before he died, he told me, uh, he was a drunkard and scientist at the same time. He told me, "There's only one Christian I know, and that's your father." He said, "You got a long way to go." He said, "That man is a real Christian." So I said, "Hey, Uncle Al, why?" His name was Alec. Alec. So I I said, "What?" He said, "Let me tell you about that guy. We We were Hindus. He was studying to be a priest." He said one day he comes to me and tells me I saw the light and then he tells me he's becoming a Christian. He said as soon as he turned around I hit him in the back of the head with a golf club laid him out and said now are you seeing the light? He said he just stood up, packed his bags. His my dad's mother packed his bags and threw his bags out and said get out. You're not allowed here. and he just didn't say anything, walked away and just kept loving them no matter what they said or did to him to the very end. My grandmother was was a Hindu spiritualist in the Hindu faith and would come to my house and join our family altar. And sometimes she would stay with us while my parents were overseas preaching. She would insist that we keep our family altar. And one day I said to her, I said, "Grant, why don't you come and visit us more often and spend time with us?" She said, "Because I know you are okay. I know your dad is a real happy man. He loves his wife. His wife loves him." He says, "It's not," she said, "It's not the same with my other children. You have a happy family." And from that day when they kicked him out, they didn't expect him to be so happy. They respected us right till the very end to the point of my grand even giving her heart to the Lord in secret. Uh so her family wouldn't even know and and criticized but all the sons and daughters were really really anti-Christian. But um I'm just saying you can't explain when you tell someone you've seen the light. You can't explain it. You just have you you got no theory. You you you can't explain how the the word of God is better than the religion you came out from. You've just you're giving up. Maybe some of you, most of you here probably came from Christian backgrounds. You've got no idea what it's like coming from a totally Hindu anti-Christian background to even Christianity. Coming from South Africa where South Africa was controlled by aparate and we are Indians or non-white. Do you know what it's like in our family for them to tell us you have a white prophet who tells you a Jew is God? You people are you know it's like the biggest letdown in our race in our culture. It's like these people subjected us to aparate and you have a white prophet. That's like a slap in the face. The worst slap in the face. And then your god is a Jew. How do you explain? It's only light. They're actually asking you to reach in and feel racial uh hatred and and and be have some solidarity with them because of whatever uh they went through in their past. But they're asking us to side with them. And here am I standing there and I'm just I I have light. I have light in my soul. I I can see what is truth. I don't see what you're seeing. I don't feel what you feel. I don't care about all of that because light has struck. There's no explanation. There's no theory. That's the experience we've got to have from the beginning. When I see the prophet, I don't care about his nationality, about his race, but where it comes from. Something he says struck something in my soul and it ignites it. It moves me. Yes. It makes me passionate about it. It gives me confidence. It gives me a new identity and that new identity makes me deny whatever old identity I had. Amen. Saints, that is beyond theory and indoctrin uh indoctrinating people. It's beyond that light is necessary for the plant to grow. Praise be to God. First wave of light is so important because it tells the seed which is not yet exposed to light. It's it's stuck in the ground below ground level. And it's so important the seed can tell by how the ground is stimulated in which direction to go to go. So you see how is the seed stuck in the box. It cannot see any light. The light is hitting the ground. How does the seed know? Because the ground gets stimulated. The ground senses the the seed senses the stimulation in the ground. Something is different. Uh if I had to start explaining it biologically, organisms in the ground will start tending towards the light. Are you seeing that? Let's imagine that box seed there. Seed is there. You cut a hole there. organisms in the ground, all those nutrients and bacteria and start they start responding to the light and the seed starts sensing and then the seed start the stalk coming out of the seed will start moving towards the light because it's sensing whatever stimulation is happening in the ground. That's how it works. But the seed itself is not yet seeing the light, right? But obviously the seed itself already has light in it because it's got the life in it. Amen. Don't you love him? Which brings us to the second wave. Now this stalk comes out of the ground. It's into atmosphere. In other words, you're just got comfortable. You're in the church. You're comfortable with the name William Brandom. You're comfortable with the message of the hour. You're comfortable with the people. You You're more confident. You're moving better. You're singing. You're clapping your hands. You're giving song specials. You still don't know everything. But you're just a stalk. You're coming out. You're getting used to churches. You're so brand new. You don't know about Peruia and Seven Thunders and Two Lords. And you're just content. You're just so happy you found his family. Praise the Lord. Amen. You're not, no one has ever prepared you. Then you start hearing people talk about, you know, this doctrine and that. You're thinking, my I just got here. What are these people talking about now? Just pushed out of the ground. And now you're exposed to the air and you're exposed to the water. And now you start hearing come preachers come and talk and they start talking about well, you know, in the message there was this. And you're thinking what? What is that? Now you can't continue in the light that was there to stir the ground. There is more light needed in this new challenge because now you've taken a root. You started to grow, right? And because you've taken root and you're pushing out, there's new light that needs to come. You need to start learning about the political spirit in the church, the religious spirit in the church, the demonic, the lies, the the false doctrines. You need to know about the pale horse rider. So, what are we talking about? The second wave of light you're going to need is the seven seals. That's when you break down those seven seals. It's again, it's not theory. Once you know that you have a political nature which is going to be anti the life of the seed, it'll work against you. Once you know that you have a religious nature that will work against the purpose of the seed and there's there's all these other natures in you and you you need to know what those things are. That's what the seven seals is about. It's not enough to know what the white horse rider is. Oh, he's an impostor. He didn't have a oh he had a a bow and no arrow and he was sitting on the horse and and he and he rode through the the first and second and third church age and you know the theory of what happened. No, that needs to become personal. That needs to give you light that needs to strengthen that stalk needs to get stronger. It needs to push out green leaves because that green leaves is going to absorb this light for a specific reason. The second stage of this plant is about producing food. Why? What's the purpose? There must be seed come out in the end. But for it to bring seed, this plant now has to produce food, right? So this light works on the plant because the plant is now exposed to air, right? And we know that it is the revelation of the seven seals because the light shines upon the plant that has already grown out of the ground. There's a life emanating out of you into the atmosphere and light helps the plant in this stage to produce this mysterious food called sugars. You know how this works, right? There's this uh is that too loud? Can you hear me? You can hear me cuz I feel like I need to shout. Okay, so long as you can hear me. So the this word photosynthesis, children, you've heard of that photosynthesis. Good. Photo is the Greek word for light. Bet your teacher didn't teach you that. Photo and synthesis means to bring a change, right? To put together. So light putting together photosynthesis synthesis putting together to bring a change. How? So what is light doing? Right? So now remember what the plant is doing. It's extracting water through the ground. It's bringing nutrients. The nutrients all it's like you know if you're collecting things you're collecting protein. You're collecting vitamin D. You're collecting vitamin A, vitamin B, iron. You know, you're collecting all sorts of other chemicals. You What's the point? You collect them all. They're all in a jar. What now? Right. Your body actually has the intelligence to now take magnesium, calcium, this you have what they call the RDA, required daily amounts, right? and and and you can take like a thousand migrams of of vitamin C and think, "Wow, this is fantastic." They're lying to you because your body will only absorb about 600. You can take a,000, 2,000, you're just overworking your kidneys because your body will only take 600 and kick out the rest. So try to get 600 of vitamin C. So you can pump yourself with a whole lot. Your body has the intelligence to know what to extract, what is need, how much of calcium, how much of that, how much of that. Now this plant needs intelligence and it needs intelligence and it and that intelligence will will take what is absorbed through the root what water and everything and bring it into the leaf and the leaf is going to have some kind of power to transform that into sugar. Sugar is carbohydrates. Everything lives on carbohydrates. Okay. So the plant extracts water from the ground. It it breathes in the carbon dioxide from the air. And now what is it doing? Synthesis. It puts it together, right? It's going to take carbon carbon dioxide. It's going to take all the nutrients it's pulled in and the light when it hits it transforms it into sugars. Right? So think of that in your perspective. You're going to hear messages. You're going to pull from whatever preaching there's going to be in this stalk and leave stage. You're going to hear doctrines. You're going to hear songs. You're going to hear teachings. You're going to have fellowship with one another. But you're still in a place of like, how do I put this together? It has to take revelation to put this together. At this stage, it's the development of the church stage. You still haven't hit the headstone yet. You still haven't hit the seed stage yet. You're still coming through that stalk stage, right? And this is where a specific type of light. Now, this is what happens if you stay in a church where it's like, don't preach the seven seals, just stay with the deep things. Just keep cood. What's going to happen? You're going to have a stalk that's like that. Because you're trying to use light that is meant for germination. Yeah, you can't live on God sent a prophet. You can't live on How many times can we preach serpent seed? How many times can we retach? Paul actually tells you that in in Hebrews 6, leave the first principles behind and move on unto perfection. That means uh and he and he says doctrines. Can you believe he says doctrines of baptisms of raising of the dead of those miracles of uh of all those things leave them behind and move on unto perfection. So you you need message churches to move on from being excited about testimonies of brother Brandham. Do you know why all those people are falling away with believe the sign? Because their faith was based on William Brandham. That faith is based on the the prophecy of the bear and the prophecy of that and the prophecy of that and the pro that those were things to in the germination stage and the churches were not preaching the seven seals the revelation of the seals. They were not helping the people grow into themselves. They place emphasis on germination light and then fall away. So when it comes it's like somebody rocked their boat like somebody took our us out at the knees. William Brandham was our absolute now he's not. So give up on the whole message and they forgot forgot about the truth that's actually in there where William Brandham himself says I must decrease he must increase. Amen. That's where we are. Eliza when he introduces Rebecca to Isaac Eliza steps off the scene. There's no more Eliza. Amen. And she recognizes a light. Who is that man in the midst of the field? He is my master. And then Eliza's gone and and it's Isaac and Rebecca. Amen. See, that's the problem. If you're going to go fall after, believe the sign or even be interested in reading their nonsense. It's because you are still dabbling with germination light. You have to move over into the next part of the light, the next part of the revelation. That's going to make you stronger. That's going to make that stalk stand up straight. That's going to stick those leaves out and respond to the light and produce the right carbohydrates for it to grow to push you for forward and forward and forward towards that seed stage. Praise be to God. Which brings us to the third light which is the seven thunders. Oh, seven thunders. What do we do now? And like nobody has nobody came and preached to us the first thunder is this, the second thunder is this, the third. Like what is it? We just keep hearing about it. They just keep mentioning it. I don't know what's happening. What do we know about the seven thunders? It is the light at the end time meant for the bride. It brings adoption. It brings rapture. It is seed time light. The prophet said in the church ages, "These things, the the the seven thunders will do two things. It will turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers and it will uh the seven thunders will be uh the great divinely revealed mystery truths contained in the seventh seal. So it's going to something that happened in the seals. It's going to bring out something. It's going to bring out some revelation to the person. Yes. It's no longer a church movement. It's something to do with the seed, with the individual. If if we had to bring this out into uh um like maybe summarize it, this is going to take you away from being just a human on earth struggling to find your way. You went through the second wave of light which which which made you realize I'm part of the church. I'm moving together. I'm learning together. We're we're in this air and water movement and there's light. But now when you hit seed stage, this is the point where you come to a personal revelation and a confidence beyond all other confidence that I am the bride of Christ. And if everyone else falls, everyone else falls away, I am going to stand. I will still remain when everything around me is crashing and crumbling and everything is being proved wrong. I will still stand. That is the light of the seven thunders. It is rapturing light. Amen. This is now the time of the plant where it's receiving its last harvest rain. This is the time where you're getting the former rain and latter rain all at once, which means the seed is going to start pulling water into itself. It reached the shock stage. The seed is inside and enclosed by this hard shell. Now, it has to pull water into that seed to make it swell. The seed is going to start bulking because it's time for it to to be seen. And at the same time, that light is shining so strong. It's heat until that shock is drying out and breaking while the seed is bulging on the inside and it's going to crack it open. What are we looking at? Body change. This is body change light. This is going to make you move even away from church religion, churchianity. This is going to move you into an individual walk with God. This is new light. This is a confidence beyond the church. Like I said to you, you're going to have people closest to you let you down. And you're going to have to stand. You're not going to do this by your own will. You have to have that light. Amen. So it swells bringing forth the seed, breaking forth from the shock. It is body change time. Revelation is light that is received in the soul. Can you see there? Ground is body, air, rain was spirit. But when it comes to the seed, it's soul time. Third pull time. Amen. That's that mystery. Let's go to Job 33:28. He will deliver his soul from go soul time. His soul from going into the pit, which is darkness, and his life shall see the light. Lo, all these things workketh God oftenimes with man to bring back his soul from the pit to be enlightened with the light of the living. See, it's restoration. So, the first part was dealing with the body, the next part dealing with the spirit, the next part dealing with the soul. The light required for your soul to make him sit in that throne and be the king is going to be what those thunders are about. And it's going to go far beyond religion, far beyond singing songs, far beyond prayer, far beyond anything. If they lock up churches, if they shut everything down, if you are isolated and left alone, you know, CO lockdowns was a real big deal. It gave you a foretaste of what can happen. So many people crumbled and became weaker during CO. when you're locked down and isolated, it it it gave us a foretaste of what could happen. I I spoke to our church before then and I said, "What if satellites crash? There's no Wi-Fi. What if telephone lines are down? What if there's no more fuel? You can't drive to to your brother's house, to the pastor's house. There's what if there's no more communication?" Yeah, we've all been sucked into, you know, it electronic things, working desk jobs. Nobody's a boat builder. I think nobody can build boats or ships anymore because now we've got these massive metal tankers. And if there's no more oil, there's no more gas, there's no more industry, everything shuts down. You have to go find horses again to get around and boats and you think you have a horse. Oh yeah, great. No, someone's coming to steal your horse. It's going to go back to tribalism. I'm just giving as a worst case scenario. Please don't get anxiety on me now. Okay. I'm just saying if you look at even these things in the spiritual where you're blocked from things that you take for granted. Yes. It comes a time where you have to stand alone. Without those seven thunders, everyone in the world who thinks they know God or serve God is going to fall, is going to fail. We've seen it. We, you know, uh, brother dramatizes when they went into the ark, uh, um, Noah and his family and how his son came up to him, you know, with a little bit of rubbing his bald head. Pap, are you sure the Lord spoke to you? because we shut in here and there's no rain. Wife comes and says to him, you know, are you sure about this? You've been preaching for 120 years and here everything is built now. The rain is supposed to be coming down. Noah says, God told me it's going to rain. See, the one who had the revelation is going to stay true to it. You can see this with uh Lot's wife. You can see this with other people in there. They turn around and they're they're looking at the time of desperation and judgment. When they have no light, they are going to fold. It's going to take that individual time. Do you love him, saints? Amen. So, let's bring this to a close and we're going to talk about the plant. Okay. What then is the plant? We know everything now. We know how it works, how it all comes together. What is then the plant, right? The plant that we're looking at is actually the manifested life of Christ in a completely. So the seed went into the ground. There's actually a quote in what is it is in Christ the mystery I think it is where he said that seed went into the ground and died and the body laid dormant for all these church ages and now here she is standing on her own two feet. Right? He was the alpha. Yes. He went into the ground for us. He was the corn of wheat that went and died and and became a new body. Yes. The manifested life of Christ that started pushing through Gentile darkness. It went into a new land. It blindness to the Jews, right? Darkness to them, but light to the Gentiles. Amen. Right? And light started coming and it was a new manifestation. This plant was a new manifestation. The the old manifestation of the life of God was the Levitical law amongst the Hebrews. This is the the manifested life of Christ. This plant is the manifested life of Christ moving through gentile dispensation. Think about it. It went through from the Middle East. It went through Tire. It went through Italy. It went through Rome. It went through France. It went through Germany. It went through Belgium. It got to the UK. It got to the Americas. It went through the east. It went to the to the south. moving towards Africa. This manifested life of Christ, same God who led the Hebrews is now producing a new life in a new vessel in Gentiles, among different cultures, among different languages. I don't think you appreciate how great this is. You know, just a thing like um maybe some of you Africaners here can tell me, but it's in German, it's in in some of the African languages. How do you teach serpent seed when in the Bible the only word is slang or schlang in the German? And then you must tell these Germans, no, it's actually an upright beast. But they don't have a word for serpent. It's just one word, slang. These people come from different languages. They need We make a big deal about what it says and what that means in a Greek and a Hebrew and there's the word here in the English and you English people are just enjoying this. But the other languages don't have the the the the value of having this great vocabulary that we can make fancy sermons about and have these buzzwords. They just have those simple words that what do they have for cherubam? What do they have for seraraphim? Uh, in the in the African languages, no such thing as a table because they didn't need tables. They ate on the floor. So, they had to copy the word table from the Africanos who came with taff. So, now it's utafoola, right? It's a new thing. It never existed in our culture. You think that the life of Christ could be manifested in a new way completely throughout this world? This is the manifested life of Christ. And if it can do that in different generations, imagine what it can do in different individuals, different people. It actually tells you it doesn't have to be the same. We don't have to be robots who all act the same, sing the same, talk the same, pray the same. We don't have to be that because the manifested life of Christ can go through any ground. Amen. Appreciate what God has done for you. This is the manifestation of the seed. And this is how it all works. It's going to need chosen ground. It's going to need water, the Holy Ghost, the five-fold ministry, the teaching of the word, the former and latter reign. It's going to need the air, the perfect atmosphere of church, the bride church, the chosen church, the church of God. It's going to have to work through those seven church ages. It's going to have to come through all the development stages, but it can never achieve anything without revelation, divine revelation, which is light. This is the only proof of the seed. The only proof that there is a seed in there is the manifested life. The plant outside the ground is proof there was a seed. It's the manifested life. Amen. So that's what we are going to respond to. That's what the the ministry is going to see. When we see the manifested life, we can work with you. When we see the love for the word, the interest in the word, the desire to be one with the church, the desire to be in unity, that's a manifested life of Christ. When you see me coming from Africa and you here in New Zealand, and we are one in purpose, we can work together. We're going to respond together. You see someone from Japan, someone from uh South America, and people you don't you can barely understand. But when we meet each other, manifest the life of Christ and manifest the life of Christ, something rings together because it's going to respond to that together. Otherwise, we're just people trying to work out our intellect, which never works well. Amen. Praise be to God. The seed is not visible while it's in the ground. Once the root has appeared, the seed disappears. It's died. It's disappeared. It's frazzled. It's gone. It disintegrates. You dig up the ground. You pull out the roots. There's no more seed. There's no more evidence of seed. What is the evidence? The manifested life. The plant is evidence that a seed was present. At a time in your life when you didn't have an identity and you didn't know who you were, you thought, "Am I a child of God? Am I am am I a believer? Is this message really for me? But then when you see the manifest in life, when you see the revelation, when you see the growth, when you feel those that mystery sugars pulsing through you, then you know there was a seed. There was something there. I know who I am. There's an identification and I can I can understand. I can see I'm together with these people. I find myself together under the same cloud. Praise be to God. Thank you. That manifested life is your evidence where no one else can see one. Let's close with these few quotes. Oh well, this is the summary of it. The seed which is the word in thought form. The ground is your body. The ground must have nutrients and vitamins. The rain works on your spirit. It has the anointing of the Holy Ghost ministry. The former and latter rain, the spoken word. The air works on your spirit which is still working with that which is above ground. The plant in there is the church which creates the atmosphere using the gifts in order and the light works on the soul all the way through giving the revelation which is the word the same word in mystery form which will transform all the nutrients correctly into exactly what you need for each stage. Don't sweat the small stuff. Just trust it. There is your body. You know body, spirit, soul, right? And you can see it all working together. You have the gene seed placed inside you. Before the gene be before you even were conscious of the gene seed, you were following the desires of your heart, doing whatever you wanted. Once that gene seed woke up. Amen. Amen. Or then you had no chance. From there on, you were drawn to the church, the body of Christ. Gifts of the Holy Spirit began to be impressed on you. It began to work in that spirit. I don't know what is that center blue or gray? I don't know. It looks blue from here and gray over there. Anyway, it's my coloring to show you the the spirit realm. Okay. And so in there you also have the five-fold ministry which you should really appreciate and the differences of the five-fold ministry. The uniqueness of every brother who expounds the word. There is no greater one among them. We're all the same. We're all come from the same smutty ground as everybody else. We all come with our own way of understanding, our own weird way of speaking, our stammering lips, our interpretation. But God knows us. He chose us because he knows we'll only be able to see that thing that way because he gave us an experience. So, we're going to speak from that experience. You must appreciate every one of our brothers in the ministry. Pray for them. It's not an easy thing speaking to the queen of heaven. Amen. Bless the Lord. Amen. He's wonderful to us. And then so you also have now the revelation which is the light. Do not take revelation for granted. Do not think that you can bring out the seed of life in the end by skirting the mysteries, by running from the truth. Do not think you're going to bring out if you're struggling, young people, older people, you're you're struggling to bring out that life of God in you. You can't stay with foundation light. It isn't enough. You've got to get to the depths of the word. You have to come to the marriage of the lamb and the bride. You have to come to that place because that's going to be the one that pushes up and brings that body change and prepares everything and gets everything ready. That's the one that's going to put you into your purpose. Amen. So don't get stuck on light of previous days. In closing, here we are. He says, formed to the word image. Are you all awake? You all together? Yeah, we're just going to I'm not even going to try and preach from you. I'm going to read it and I know you're going to absorb it. Who is this MelkiseDC? He says, "Here we are formed to the word image to be a partaker of the word to feed on the word by being predestinated since the beginning." What's that? Seed. You see that little spark of life that you had in you from the beginning when you started your journey? Many of you can remember it. You joined this church. You joined that church. You tried this out and that nothing satisfied. That's right. But one day you just recognized it. Amen. You came out of the ground. Oh, if you only travel around and see the religions, one has to do this, one has to do that, one has to do that. But brethren, let's this old tabernacle ground one time. Let's get straightened out forever. We are Christians by the faith through the grace of God. We are Christians. God in his infinite mercy called us to be reconciled to him through his son Christ Jesus settles it. Amen. As the musicians come forward, not what we done, what he did. Do you see that? He changed my soul from the things of the world unto the things of God. from horse races and gambling and adultery and lying and stealing. He changed my soul changed my thoughts. Then my thoughts became so real till they became words in my lips and they materialized now and now I am a Christian. It made me a different person. That's what made you. There's how it all works together. That's how it's coming together. Amen. Time test. I love this. This is just to encourage you to be more than just a message church because there is a world that's looking for you. The world wants to see something real. I'm hungry for real things. I'm hungry to see a church stand in this last days. I'm hungry to see a good old-fashioned Pentecostal body of Christ rise in the power of the Holy Ghost calling right right wrong. My heart longs to see it. The little remnants that's waiting on are not waiting to see how big we can make our denominations. They're not waiting to see how well we can dress or how big a church we can build. They're waiting to see us manifest the life of the Lord Jesus Christ in love and power. They're waiting to see the time when the oneness tunas trinity thunders per two lords stay with the ABCs. They're waiting to see all of them put their hands in each other's hands and say, "We are brothers." It's waiting for the assemblies and the holiness and the Pentecostal holiness and the church of God for the Mexicans and the colored people and the Japanese and the white all together join ranks as one great body of Jesus Christ. They don't care how good we educate our preachers. They're waiting to see reality. Then they got an experience. If there is a reality, that's what we need, an experience, saints. That is how it all works together. Praise be to God. Aren't you in love with him? Do not you do do you not love how the word reveals himself? He is your husband. It is beyond religion. It is beyond theory. It is an absolute reality. Amen. Let's bow our heads together as we pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, words fail us. No matter how many words we have to explain, to express the things that you have revealed in us, but when when it comes to telling you how much you mean to us, Lord, we could go on forever and yet still not have enough words. Our languages are limited. Our ways of expressing ourselves are so limited. We just do things that we have been taught to do. But Lord, we believe that there is a life that was manifested in us, in our brothers and sisters, in the church around us, in the saints across the world. We see the manifested life wherever we go. We see the humility of Christ that he thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but took upon himself the form of a servant to bring to us a new name, a new identification, to raise us up into the image of Almighty God. How wonderful it is, Lord, to be the bride of Christ in this day. I pray for these my brothers and sisters. They're my family. I feel their pain. I feel their joy. I feel their strength. I feel their experiences. We are going through the same thing. We're going against the same enemy. Lord, I pray for every one of them. I pray for those, Lord, who are new to this message. for the children, for the youth, for those who have lost their way and want to come back. For those who are weak in the faith, for those who maybe have gotten old and thought they have got no more purpose in the church and nobody cares or nobody sees them anymore. Lord Jesus, I pray that you may bring that final light upon us. Lord, that may bring out the seed. Make it swell within us. Make it full of potential to burst out of this shock that it may be seen in this last day that it is Christ again on earth. Lord, let it be real to your children. We pray. Father God, bless us now. Bless the as we conclude this part of the camp, bless the pastor and the office holders, all the brothers and sisters and children, those who work tirelessly to make this come together. Give to them a a special blessing. Oh God, be with us now. We pray. Also take us safely back to our homes. Lord, be with us. Be with us in our heart and our soul. May the fellowship of the word never die out. Oh God, may there always be a mystery to you, oh Lord. I don't want to get used to an idea. I want to have a life that's constantly learning and knowing more about you. Oh Lord, may our love just be a constant mystery unfolding and unfolding and unfolding. Blessed be your holy name, Lord Jesus. You are everything to us. We ask it in that precious name with praise and thanksgiving. Amen and amen. The Lord bless you, brother [Music] Elra. Amen. We've seen how it all works. Amen. This is so many beautiful things just came together over this weekend. And what I love is how many things were addressed, how many things in individual lives for us as a church, just different things in families, so forth, how it was addressed. And I just really thank the Lord. I say thank you to brother Alistister for making himself available for the Lord to to use and inspire and following the leading of the Lord. Um, I just I just feel on my heart to uh maybe I'll ask that you close your eyes, everyone's eyes closed, but maybe there's there's someone who who sits here and say, um, we've seen how it all works. We've seen how it should all come together, and Lord, I'm I see I'm stuck somewhere in in a place where it is not letting this whole manifestation happen in my life. If that's you, you can express it to the Lord now as we pray. Let's take it to the Lord in simplicity. Precious Father, you see every hand raised. Father, you see every heart. You see the thoughts that's even going through our minds right now, Lord. Father, you've showed us so beautifully and and just such clarity, Lord, for how everything that you do, Lord, comes together to to bring us to growth, to bring us to maturity in you, to take us forward in you, Lord. Oh father and oh Lord precious people have recognized Lord that maybe they still stuck in the wrong cycle or maybe there's still growth needed Lord or maybe there was a wrong perspective or wrong application Lord whatever the desire is Lord Jesus you see it this morning Lord it's my heart's desire Lord that we don't just go home from camp and just continue as we were. But Father, that the things you've spoken to us, Lord, you promised in your word that your word won't return to you void, but it will accomplish the things that you sent us to do. Lord, if we pray this morning together, Lord, we pray for ourselves, but we also pray for each other, Lord. Father, let your word accomplish in each one of us, Father. Oh Lord, break down barriers. Break down preconceived ideas. Break break break down complexes. Father, perhaps there's those that have complexes with one another, Lord. Issues between different parts of the body, Lord. I pray that you will break those things down, Father. Oh Lord Jesus, I pray, Father, that the rain will rain upon us, Father. Father, Lord, the air will anoint and inspire. Father, I pray that the light will come into every life. Lord, I pray that you'll stimulate a a desire, a thirst for revelation, Father. Lord Jesus, I pray, Lord, that you will give us grace to delve into the word, Lord. That it won't feel like it is unreachable, Father. Lord, I pray that you've spoken to hearts just in so many ways, Father. wherever we are stuck or wherever we are behind what you want us to do. Lord, help us, Father, not to see it as this impossible mountain to climb, but to see, Lord, that it's simplicity that it's your desire for the seed to bring forth what you've already placed in the sea. Thank you, Father. We just give you the glory for this weekend, Father. We thank you. And just Lord, words cannot express Lord what we feel in our hearts. Lord, thank you for this weekend Lord. I pray that your blessings will rest upon brother Alistister. Pray that you will take him home with a good testimony Lord but also encouraged, strengthened, Father, refreshed by your presence, Lord. Oh God, we just appreciate you so much. We ask these things in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Amen. Let's just stand together and sing that song. Oh, glorious [Music] victory. Oh, glorious victory. [Music] And they he set me free and he made my [Music] heart. I do praise his name. I am Lord who I am. I can see now just who I am. God of my savior, part of his word is revelation of who I am. on Cal to redeem his lost. He became my savior. This is God's dream. My love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made who I am. Lord, who I am. I can't see now who I am. part of my savior, part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Amen. Just want to say I really appreciated that, brother Alistister. It wasn't like lollies where it feels really good, but then come crashing down and it didn't put me into a food coma. It was just a wellbalanced spiritual meal. So much appreciate it. Before the world began, you knew my name. You held me in your hand. When the earth was silent, I was there with you singing your praise. And I came to you and I took my first breath and the cry that I made was in your praise. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. Every reason to [Applause] see when I was lost in the darkness. You came to find me. I heard you calling my name. Took my sin and my shame and you save me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my brother, my friend. I can call you my king. When I started my journey, I didn't know but I was not alone. You were there with me in every eye in every eternity. Salvation now for your blood redee. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. Have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name. Took my sin and my shame. and you save me now. I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. [Music] Hosana. I was lost. Now I am sing. Hosana. Jesus is conquering the [Music] grave. Hosana. I was lost. Now I am save. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. Have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name. Took my sin and my shame and you saved me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my brother, my friend. I can call you my king. make me. I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The breach was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you had me in your side. So you made a way across the great divine. Left behind heaven's throne. Build it here inside. There at the cross. You paid the debt I owe. Broke my chain. Freed my soul. For the first time I at home. Thank you Jesus for the blood. Thank you Jesus has me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. You took my place inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. And out there has no se and light has no end for I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood. Thank you Jesus. You have me. Thank you Jesus. You have save my heart. Roll me from the darkness. There is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughterers. We are rising by. There is nothing stronger than the one working power of the blood. that calls us sons and daughterers. We are ransom by our father. [Music] Thank you [Music] Jesus. Thank you Jesus. My life brought me from the darkness to glorious light. Amen. We'll just pray and if you want to go afterwards then you can go. But I'm just going to sing a couple more songs. Let's just pray. Dear Lord Jesus, thank you Lord God for feeding us Lord with your word Lord nourishing our souls and our spirits Lord. We're just so grateful for that Father. We just want to lift Brother Alistister to you Lord. May you just restore his strength Lord God. Give him strength for the journey home. Father may you just protect him Lord with the influx of attacks that will come upon him after these services. Lord, we just thank you so much for them, Lord. Just commit each one here, Lord God. May that word have a longl lasting effect, Father. Lord, that the seed has been sown and will come up, Father, that we'll just leave a little bit different, Lord. We just thank you so much for this time over this weekend, Lord. In your precious name, Lord God. Amen. [Music] [Music] You are here in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you are here working in this [Music] place. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship [Music] you. You are here and in every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Away maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. We make a miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't feel you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every life. I worship you. I worship you. You are here meeting every need. I worship you. I worship you. God bless you guys. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
