################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-02 - 25 03 28 - Brother Allistair Francis - How It All Works - Part 1 - Introduction - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-02
Title:    25 03 28 - Brother Allistair Francis - How It All Works - Part 1 - Introduction
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   Rapturing Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxy5SM4Wbrs
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hello. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up [Music] here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Good evening everybody. God bless you. Shall we stand? We'll just open with a word of prayer. Okay. Lord Jesus, Father, we love you, Lord. And we thank you, Father, that this time, Lord, can be set aside for you like this. Father, we thank you for this opportunity, Lord. We thank you for being here already, Father. We Father, we just pray, Lord, that no person would leave here without a touch from you, Lord, this weekend, Father. Lord, that every need would be met, Lord. Questions answered, Lord, people filled with your spirit, Lord Jesus. Lord, we ask for your freedom. Lord, we ask, Lord, you'd have your way, Father. That Lord, if there's anything in the way, Lord, that we have in our lives, in our hearts, our minds, or anything, Lord, that you would shine light upon it, Lord, that we could deal with it, to hand it to you, Lord, and just surrender completely and openly to you, Lord Jesus. We ask your blessings on this time, Lord. Lord, so much prep and prayer has gone into this weekend, Father. We thank you Lord. We love you Lord. We just Lord God just ask that every need would be met Lord in Jesus name we pray and ask. Amen. Amen. I hear the sound of freedom down there. I hear the sound of freedom, jubilee. The seven thunder is speaking. My liberty. Amen. Oh, I've climbed the mountain. Is the reason to believe my true in 1963 in the land heard the preaching of the acceptable. Yeah. Every man can go free. Give us a freom to believe the sus my liberty [Music] [Music] I do believe now here we are after 50 years will see the end of time. Amen. Glory. No matter what you've done, you can now go free. All your days are pain and you can just see great. I hear the sound of freedom. Jubilee. Thank you, Lord. The sus begin my liberty. Oh, I found the mountain scener. It's Jubilee. My J. I hear the sound of freedom. You believe this begin my liberty while I've climbed the mountain and sing the rising sun it's jubiley my jubilee [Music] You only feel like you came in Jesus name. Amen. Oh bound oppressed to men it sick or lame. For the Holy Ghost of X is still the same. Oh, you only fell like you gave in Jesus name. Oh, thank you. Thank you Lord for saving me. Amen. Oh, thank you. Thank you Lord for saving me. Oh, once I was lost. Thank you Lord. Oh hallelujah. I'm glory bound. Thank you. Thank you Lord for saving me. You came into my life. You came into my life and you set me free. You came into my life and you set me free. Oh, I wasn't there without a care. And now I know my Lord is here. You came into my life and you set me free. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. Thank you, Father. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. Oh, I thought I was lost, but now I'm found. Hallelujah. I'm glory. Thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving [Music] me. Amen. Amen. Oh, my heart, it sings today. sings for joy and gladness. Jesus saves. He savees my sadness. Grace is gone. Peace is mine. Peace like to a river. Jesus is wonderful and mighty to the river. Oh, wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to man prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Once the slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and the full salvation. Now the sins of the past have all been forgiven and my name is incredible. Wonderful book of heaven. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. The prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Living here with my Lord in a holy union day by day all the way on amen. Thank you father for what change and walk in my lonely station since my soul has receiveful and th wonderful Jesus is to me prince of peace mighty God is saving me keeping from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise is wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. Amen. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over, over and over again. He gets real and sweet as the days go [Music] by and I keep falling in love with you over and over and over and over again. He keeps loving and forgiving me over and I thank the Lord over and over again. He keeps loving and forgiving me over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, in love between my Lord and I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over. Thank you, Lord. I keep falling in love with him over and over, over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. All you keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Jesus love is very wonderful. Jesus love is very wonderful. Jesus love very wonderful wonderful love is so high you can't get over it's so low you can't get under it so wide you can't get around it all wonderful love Jesus love very wonderful Jesus Amen. Very wonderful Jesus love. Very wonderful wonderful love. So high you can't get over it. So low you can't get under it. So wide you can't get around it. So wonderful love. It's so high you can't get over it. So low you can't get under it. So wide you can't get around it all. Wonderful love. Jesus love. It's very wonderful. Jesus love. It's very Amen. Jesus love a very wonderful oh wonderful love. Amen. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who is wreted and fine now can see. Oh, praise God. Praise God. How much you love the king. Oh [Music] yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Praise God. I will. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh [Applause] [Music] yes. Heat. Heat. [Music] through the riches and sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] I'm not going to take a lot of time, but um for those of you who just joined us, I want to say welcome. Um I trust we all come with with cups held out to the Lord tonight, I trust that we all come with hearts ready to receive what the Lord has from for us. Amen. A lot of prayer has gone into this. there's some effort and planning and all sorts of things, but the main part is for us to receive what the Lord has for us in the meetings. So, I would like us to do do something a little different tonight. And um I'm going to let us sing welcome, welcome, and we welcome the Lord. And then after that, um, I'm going to pray, but I I also ask each one of you to pray, um, with me that I want to say, don't pray for yourself tonight. Pray for everyone else. Pray for maybe one that's here that doesn't really want to be here. Or maybe someone that has has gotten to the edge of fully surrendering to God but just never made that full surrender or someone that's battling with the beseing sin that's taking their joy away or whatever it is. We just want to bring all those ones to the Lord. So let's not rather than pray for ourselves tonight, let's let's pray for those around us. So let's just welcome the Lord now as we sing these words. Let these words be from our hearts, not just words. Amen. And we and we welcome the Holy Ghost among us and into our hearts as we sing it now. Welcome. [Music] Holy Ghost we welcome thee. Oh Lord come with power this very hour. Holy Ghost, we welcome. Let's just do it once without the music. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. [Music] Holy Ghost we welcome thee. Come with power this very hour. [Music] Holy Ghost we welcome thee. Let us pray and pray where you [Music] stand. Precious father, Lord Jesus, we come to you tonight. Father, we don't just want to have a campground experience, Father. Lord Jesus, your prophet preacher speaks about the campground cramps. We just go from revival to revival, from camp to camp. Father, that's not our desire, Lord. Father, we pray that tonight and throughout this weekend, Lord, that this will be a very special experience for each and every one of us, Lord. Oh, Father, we pray that your anointing will rest on these services. Oh Lord Jesus, I pray that your anointing will rest on the musicians that will play, the song leaders that will lead. Oh Lord, but Lord, more so your anointing on each one of us that will come in, Father, and sit under the ministry of your word, Father. Lord, I pray that your Holy Spirit will make, Lord, the word that you've inspired our brother to to speak to us, Lord. I pray that that same Holy Spirit, Father, will receive it in the hearts of each one of us, Father. Oh Lord Jesus, I bring to to you tonight, Father. Each one that's battling, Lord. Each one that's maybe had all sorts of things happen this week, Lord. No doubt Satan has attacked households and individuals, Lord, trying to steal our joy, break down our faith before we come, Lord. And tonight, we come against it in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Father, I pray that each one of us, Father, each one from the youngest to the oldest, Father, will come victoriously, Lord. Father, I pray that Lord, no tiredness or sickness or emotional downcastness or complexes or hurts or fears or indifference or anything, Father, will keep us away from that which you have for us. Lord, I pray, Father, that from this first service tonight, Lord, that we will have a a blessed experience, Father. that we will experience how you just take us and lift us up on your eagle wings, Father. And Lord, just let us fly with you, Lord. Oh, Father, I pray that you will set us free from our human thinking, our human attitudes, our human limitations, Father, each one of us, Father. Oh Lord, I just commit this camp to you. Lord, I also want to take a moment, Lord, to just dedicate this building to you, Father. If there's any lingering spirits from previous activities here, Lord, I I take it under control now in your name, Father. I pray, Lord Jesus, that your spirit will remove and cast out every evil spirit, Lord. Oh, Father, and I pray that you will just be free to move from the first moment, Lord. Oh, Father, I pray, Lord, that even if there's minds and hearts that's wondering, Lord, I pray, Father, that you will captivate it, Lord. And my father, I pray that you'll have our full attention on our full hearts, Lord. Father, I want to lift Brother Alistister before you tonight. Oh Lord, strengthen him, guide him, lead him, let him follow your leading as he as he just makes himself available. Father, we welcome you. We ask it in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that one more time as brother Alistister comes. [Music] Well, come well. Come [Music] well. Holy. We will come. [Music] Come with power this [Music] very hour. Holy Ghost we will come thee. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may be seated. I'd like to greet you in the glorious name of our Lord Jesus Christ and uh certainly happy to be here bring greetings from South Africa from Durban and uh from the saints there and we're thankful for this message that has uh united us and uh brought us together by the faith. I am always amazed when I have to travel. I'm not a great traveler, but I have been traveling of late and um it's just amazing when I see uh people from different lands and we meet together and it's like we know each other for forever. It's like we understand each other's lives and we can see each other's souls. It's just phenomenal. So, uh I just wanted to say I'm really uh grateful for brother Al's uh invitation and uh I know um I knew of him. I know his dad. His dad is in Margate and um in Durban or or just outside of Durban and we met I think it was 23 was it 23 and he came and uh preached in uh in Durban and did a youth meeting for us there and we met there for the first time. well met as you know spirits collided and we got to know each other and uh you know you you can be in church services and you can see someone and it looks like a familiar face but until your spirits come together you don't really know anybody and so uh I heard the things that he spoke and my spirit resonated with the things he spoke and what I saw without knowing too much about the man was the heart for people and that means everything to me. I going to speak about I think my testimony on the last service. So I'm going to try not to talk about it but so just quick introduction. Uh I'm a pastor for 25 years. I was pastoring since the age of 25 and I'm going to be 50 by uh December. And um I have a lovely wife who I love to bits and pieces and uh my three boys um and they're 20 going to be they're 22 19 and 8 and um so we have a very rockous loud house of normal people. I am probably the most abnormal of them all. And they call me grumpy and they tell me that the grandchildren are going to call me grandpa. So So I just want to let you know that uh I believe in being normal. There's a there's a quote where the prophet said, "God called us to be peculiar, not silly. That's a quote. And so that has really impacted my life because I've been in the message since a since a baby, since a toddler. And I have seen people take the truth and become silly instead of being peculiar. And you cannot affect the world or bring perfection to human life by being silly with the gospel, with the truth. So uh that's what is part of the passion of the ministry that God has given to me. I have no spiritual gifts. I do not see dreams or have visions or prophesy. All I can do is when I open the Bible and the message things just come alive. I can't explain it. And I just have this uh feeling inside that I have to make it simple to people. Make it understandable. make it uh easy to apply. And so being in the message um everything I'm talking about now is part of the service. So uh being in the message I have seen how things have progressed and I've learned one very important thing. Everything has to do with behaviors and natures. Everything. Because God's letter to the bride through the prophet when he said, "Pick up your pen and write." He starts with here's what I'm trying to say to you. I'm going to read the quote in a little while. It's all about seed and seed is about nature. And here you are in this life. You came through permissive will. You have a certain nature you're born with. But then God puts an eternal seed inside of you. And from there on, it's a battle of these two natures. One is the older twin and one is the younger. And they're both fighting inside this body. And you have a spurt that recognizes that seed and you want to submit to the Holy Spirit. But because you are your older twin is this human nature, it always seems to be winning the battle or it feels like it or maybe it's being bluffed into feel like feeling like it. The the thing though that that really bothered me is that the human nature has this ability to stagnate. And so when you find something exciting in the word or in the message, you stop there and have a revival around it. And you forget that the Christian life is a walk. You have to keep walking. You don't stop at some revival and make a an idea there. And so there's something that really uh bothers me about about the church. I feel like brother Bham said, I I'm no longer going to call you church. I'm going to call you bride so that you understand. And I think that's something that really needs to get a hold of us now in this capstone ministry. Look, we can talk about the mysteries. I can really there's so much I could spend the whole weekend and we could go through some fantastic slides and beautiful doctrines and and let me tell you by the end of it mostly those who have been reading and keeping in touch uh will be excited about a few things but the kids would be totally bored with us and we would have achieved nothing and I don't like achieving nothing. It really bothers me to leave a place and we've achieved nothing. Uh so I've resigned myself from now till the time that God is done with me to tell the truth and uh let the truth sort it out and speak that which is real. And the only way is like a good friend of ours in the message said we need to preach the seventh seal without saying seventh seal. You need to be able to preach the thunders without saying thunders because then it's not about buzzwords. It becomes something real. Amen. So the problem I see coming back to that is that if we are bride and not church, why is it that the church becomes our social crutch? Right? It's like we always keep depending on church and we even though we see a great revelation, it's like our human nature tugs us back. Yeah, but I still got to be church. I still got to keep that tradition. I still got to keep that and get stuck in it. So, what I'm saying is that do you believe you're in the capstone age? You're in the bride age? You believe you're the bride of Christ? But the tradition that we still keep is like we have to come to church and manage our mistakes. Exactly. That's church. Like why are we constantly fighting to manage our failures? Now most people in in the Bible had an objective. They had a purpose. They were going somewhere. They had a an ark to build. They had a land to get to. They had an enemy to defeat or they had an enemy chasing them. There was always a purpose. If you look at me churches today, what is the purpose? Everything about church is a one-man show. It's a the pastor preaches or whichever preacher is preaching and the people just sit and do nothing. When I say do nothing, I mean you all have your jobs. I mean, you can sweep the floors, you can clean the toilets, or you know, you can pass out him books if they still have that. We have it electronically now, I think. But we we all have different jobs, but church seems to be about managing issues. I don't know about you, but I'm tired of managing issues, right? Uh if you preach marriage and divorce, it's about preaching marriage and divorce to solve a problem. What about preaching so we don't get the problem? Right? We don't end up with that. And if we do, the solution is going to be argued about. Which school of thought are you with? Because I don't agree with that one and I don't agree with that one. That still sounds like church to me. It doesn't sound like people with an objective, with a purpose that they know where they're going, right? And so what happens is you have all these lovely young people here and they're kind of learning their what is my purpose? I got a purpose and their purpose they think is to to bluff all the elders that they're keeping the rules until they get married and then they you know and then they're done with that and then you got all the old people who said all right I've kept the rules long enough now you know now it's my time to just sit and be served you know I got nothing else to do now the ministry is over I'm a little feeble I'll just snap at someone here and there and you know what is what is our purpose And then the middle-aged people, men that you can see they're struggling with babies, they're tired, they're paying bills, they're going to to work. We basically don't know what there is that a message believer or a bride member has to do. And it's it's more like we're beating at the air and uh missing because we don't even know what is our enemy. We we even don't understand what it is that is happening with us and we're sitting back and confused like you know which one is really me the one who's faking it during the song service trying to show that I'm worshiping or the one that's really sincere when I'm alone praying to God which one should I bring out into the forefront and we end up being actors right that's not what the bride should be we should be truthful. We should be enjoying the word. We we should be so enjoying the word that we want the word to lead every part of our lives. Amen. So that's what I want to by the grace of God try to achieve this weekend. I want to stick try and stick to keeping it short so we don't I usually preach for 2 hours per service. So this is going to be new for me and I'm usually in a suit. So, it's my it's my uh uh comfort. You know, I feel safe and confident when I'm there. But this is a camp. So, we're going to break all the rules and uh yeah, we're going to have some discussion and fellowship about it. Usually when when I also uh do camps as well, I get, you know, people to interrupt me and ask me a question and we have fellowship about it. But we'll just try and keep this to the way it is. So, I want to take a subject for the weekend. We're going to break it up into four parts and it's it's called how it all works. And this is going to be the teaching on the seed. How it all works. And as you can see there, I've got a wheat plant, right? Because the prophet speaks about it and how it all works because I want us to understand uh what is happening around you. Amen. Mhm. Don't beat at the air. Don't beat at an enemy that's not existing. Uh be accurate. Let the punches land. Know what you're dealing with. Know what know yourself. Know what God wants of you. So in this we're going to break things down and it's not going to be great mysteries. It's everything you know but just kind of put into a a place where we can simplify it for even the children to understand. All right. So, I want to begin by reading Psalm um 1 and verse 1-6. Uh you don't have to you can you read that on the screen over 50s. Okay. I'm still getting there right now. I'm denying my glasses. So, this is to me it's one of the most beautiful. I preached a whole message just on Psalm 11 1-6 and it was called the posture of a believer. I'm not going to do that because it says, "Blessed is the man that walketh not, standeth not, siteth not. The right posture is planted." Amen. So let's read verse one. Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful. Each one you can take and understand. Walk walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly. To walk means to live in something like it's your philosophy, your way of life. Nor standeth in the way of sinners. That's not like blocking a sinner from doing his stuff. To stand in the way of sinners means to establish sinful ways, right? No siteth in a seat of the scornful. siteth in a seat means judgment as in those who scornful means to mock the truth, mock something, right? But his delight is in the Lord, the law of the Lord. That's the word. And in his law doth he meditate day and night. Look at that. So blessed is a man who does not do all those other things, but his delight is in the word. Amen. And in the word, he meditates day and night. That means he's always thinking about it. He's always in fellowship with it. Right? But this is where I want to get to. And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit in his season. His leaves shall not wither, and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. The ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away. Therefore, the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment. What a stand. Not stand in the judgment means they will not endure. They'll not last. They're going to break up and fall away. I love Ephesians 6 where it says, "Having done all things, stand." It's amazing. Having done, put on the the helmet, the breastplate, take the sword of faith and all of that, but having done all things, stand, endure, stay to the end. For the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish. So in this subject on the teaching on the seed, I want to point out to you that it says you shall be like a tree planted. Right? So what is a tree? A tree has its roots in the ground. It's got a stalk and trunk and branches and trees uh uh uh little uh branches coming out and leaves and and fruit. It you shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water. That's our subject today uh this weekend, right? So for the Lord knoweth the way of righteousness, that's verse six. But the way of the ungodly shall perish. The Lord knoweth the way of righteousness that means that is the nature of God. Right? His way. What is righteous? What is righteous? Righteous means simply this. To do the right thing to be just. Okay. So here's the thing about our life in the message and trying to manage all our lives and our failures and our problems and our issues. People don't get planted. People don't realize you're a tree. You're a plant because there's a seed. Everything's about a seed. Everything's about a plant. It's about a nature. And that's what we want to discuss uh this weekend is about everything that concerns a plant. Are you with us? Let's go to Romans. I just want to get through the theory and then we'll start talking about it. Romans 8:28-31. And we know that all things work together. How many times have we heard this? For the good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. I want to tweak that a little bit because I like those those that phrase all things work together. And that's why my subject is how it all works. All things work together for the good and everyone to them that love God, but to them that are called. Everyone claims to love God, but it's to them that are called. How are you called? By a seed. Amen. So for whom he did, and now he talks about fornowledge because he's telling you where that seed comes from. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate. Such beautiful. He because he forneew something. He predestinated something. We're going to talk about that tomorrow, right? Uh what did he forno about you? And what did he predestinate about you? To be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called. Whom he called, them he also justified. And whom he justified, them he also glorified. Are you seeing a process right? Whom he did predestinate them he also called. We thought he called then he predestinated. Which means something happens in your life. You're predestinated and then you feel a calling. There he also called and whom he called. So we got to know what that calling is. And then he also justified. We know what justified is. you never did it in the first place. You know what? That's a that's a battle because anyone can claim that in theory. Praise the Lord. I I did something wrong, but I never did it in the first place. And inside your head, of course, you did it. You did it. You're just trying to psych yourself out. Justification is a battle, saints. Sanctification is a battle. The baptism of the Holy Ghost, Brother Baron says, is the greatest battle. Says if you thought you were in the battle, just get the Holy Ghost. Every gun of the enemy is trained on you. They're all battles. In fact, if you go through the trumpets, you'll see there are like the fifth, sixth, and seventh trumpet before you take the millennium, right? Three wars. Three woes personally. Justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost are three woes before you get the person of Christ. Amen. The trumpets are not just stuff to read about about Israel. They're about your life. Very much so. And he says, "What shall we then say to these these things?" There's the consolation. If God be before us, who can be against us? Which means there must be a consolation in us that concerns the mystery of God. We have to, you know, this is the thing about church. Church is we feel it's like managing people's fears and failures and all their issues. But people need to have this consolation within them. If God be for us, who can be against us? You need to have that personal feeling because when you do, nothing can tear you away from him. Nobody can tell you otherwise. Nobody can condemn you. No false doctrine can condemn you. No issue in in life can condemn you because that's your consolation. If God be for us, who can be? This is this is amazing scripture. And this is what I tell you. I don't have uh supernatural gift but when I read the scripture I cannot tell you how it comes alive and it every phrase every word just opens up like volumes like I'm looking at an ocean and I don't know how to get all my thoughts together sometimes. Amen. Let's go to Isaiah 53. This is beautiful. Uh for he shall grow up. Now this is speaking about Christ the Messiah. He shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of dry ground. He has no form nor clumliness and when we shall see him there is no beauty that we should desire him. So this is actually telling us about Christ who is also a plant. Beautiful. You see why there's a seed he shall grow up. There's a development as a tender plant. A precious tender is precious. Amen. And as a root, I love this. A, this is where you people, message people need to really take a hold of a root out of dry ground. That means a plant that grew up under an impossible situation. A plant that should not have been a plant because a root in dry ground is an impossibility. It's a miracle. There's many of you sitting here today that's thinking it can't have been me. It couldn't have been me. How can it be me when this this ground is all messed up? It's impossible. This prophecy of the Messiah, we know it's impossible for a child to be born of a virgin. How could he he have sprung out of Judah? How could he have come under that situation? A root out of dry ground. And it's the enemy always telling you, you know, you you you you're not worthy. You didn't do it right. You came out of this doctrine. You came out of that church. You came out of this issue. There's always issues, you know, always failures, always thoughts. And it's like you have to go back to church. You have to pray five times a day. You have to read more of the message. People always want quick fixes. Pastor, pray for me. Lay your hands on me. I need You see, this this is what I have a problem with. And I was I was uh just mentioning that with brother Elry today. And I want to be able to say this. Like I said, let's tell the truth. We have had elders in the message and people for a very long time giving us uh testimonies. You know the Lord I prayed to the Lord. I was in a situation I prayed to the Lord and something miraculous happened. God did something great. And I grew up in the message half the time I don't know if those things were actually true or whether people claimed it, you know. But the problem is what it does to the next generation is they think to get a solution I need to have something like that. So when I'm in a problem, when I'm in a failure, I need to I need to pray to God. I need to have more prayer. I need to read more of the message books. And I know from experience of dealing in 25 years, it always ends in failure. There's no amount of prayer that's going to get it done because the Muslims pray five times a day. The Do you know how many denominational people outshine us with the amount of religiosity they have? What is then the problem? Th those people have to because there is no seed in there. They are using church to manage something. Amen. We are not as a root out of dry ground. He has no form no comeliness. You know what this no form no comeliness sounds like us, right? There's there's nothing about them that we should desire them or be attracted to them. In fact, anybody who knows them thinks, man, that group is just weird. They're just failures. That's just it sounds like it's speaking about us that when we shall see him there is no beauty that we should desire him. They missed him in the first coming because they were looking for something attractive, something beautiful, something that made sense. Nothing about him made sense. A root out of dry ground. So it has become a problem now amongst Christians even in the message that people don't know what the purpose of things are. Do you know what the real purpose of church is? Why are we coming here then? Right. Most of the kids well my parents bring me here. You know I got no choice in this. Right. And someday I'll man I can't wait to get out of here, choose my own church, you know, my own convenient God and go somewhere where they allow me to do whatever I want or and I I I mean in the message be like we hop over from one place to another and go choose a convenient church that agrees with us in some way. So you know what are you doing? What is church really about? What is going on? What is the Holy Ghost really given for? Well, what is happening inside of me? Why am I struggling with my thoughts? How does it all work? That's what we want to get to. And that will bring us to the purpose. Amen. And how God set things out to work to perfect every son and daughter of God. Amen. So, people don't understand roles of certain things that are a part of God's plan. Like for example, most Christians I most message believers I know don't know whether they have the Holy Ghost. They don't. A lot of them claim it because they feel they have to. Because if they don't, then we will look down on them. And of course, if the people elected me for something, I have to I have to say I have it otherwise I'm in trouble. Right? Most people don't. It's the truth. Most people I said we're telling the truth, right? Most people don't know what to do with the message, with the word. In fact, most people are no longer reading the word with a purpose. It's like a tradition. Got to read 5:00 in the morning or have a certain devotion or something. But where's the purpose, right? Where am I heading to? What is chasing me? What do I have to build? What is there to do right here in Tanaki? What is my purpose? What is the purpose of the church here? Why am I here? What do I have to do here? Right? So the thing about it is they don't know people don't know how it all works. Therefore, many get discouraged so easily. That's the reason you get discouraged is because you don't know how it works. And many people faint. In the Bible, faint means they're running. They first started with a purpose. They had a bubble. they had an idea of where they're going and then they lose track. Okay. Uh right now in the message uh we our young people face two major things and you can skirt the issue as much as you want to. You can divert from it. You can wait till bad things happen or you can confront it. There's two major things they're facing right now in the world. One is the rejection of the prophet and the message on the internet in in the most the largest onslaught we have ever experienced. Number two is sexuality because of the weirdness of the message. people who expect people to get a revelation of their marriage partner without actually talking to people, without getting to know people. They want them to have successful marriages. They want them to and some of you are the culprits for keeping those laws and forcing it on them. And now you're learning, right? But this is the thing. When I go to youth camps, I ask um the young people, how many of you here heard about sexuality from your parents? Probably one person and usually not much. How many of you heard it from your friends? Everybody. Or from some other source. And and this and so I say to the elders, you see, they learned it from people without the Holy Ghost. They should it should have been you who are telling them everything there is to know about it. and to open it up so that they have the freedom to come and talk to you. But but if you people can't even say the word sex or use the words for uh everything that has to go to do with it, their private parts and all of that. If you can't say it and they don't have comfort to talk to you, they're going to talk to friends. I had one minister tell me, "No, no, no. I'm sorry. Brother Vanom did not talk to them together. He separated girls. He separated boys. Well, that's because in Brother Van's day, girls actually blushed. So, I asked this minister, I said, "Okay, when they're at school and learning sex education, do they separate them?" No. When they're at university on the phones, do they separate them and tell them, "Oh, you poor thing. You're a girl. You're a tender. Let's talk to you separately." No. They're learning it all together everywhere else. What's the problem with you? What's the problem with us, with the church? Why can we not talk to them together? Why do we not have the freedom? Why do we demonize something that the Bible speaks about as if it's normal? Do you know um I was sharing brother Steven last night. Uh this isn't in my notes. I don't know why I'm going this way, but Paul, the first apostle of the church ages in 1 Corinthians 7, he gives the solution for fornication. He says, "To avoid fornication, render unto one another due benevolence." For the adults, you know what that means, right? So that you don't get tempted. Yeah. Is that the solution for fornication? Get married and make sure you render unto each other due benevolence. He gives you a natural solution to avoid fornication. The first apostle, I mean, was that the best he could come up with? He didn't say, "Make sure someone shakes your head until you get the Holy Ghost. Make sure you you have so much spirituality that it removes the feeling from you." No, no, no. He said, "Make sure you have a very healthy sex life. so that you don't get tempted when it's time to do your work for God. Can you believe that? First apostle messenger to the church ages. And yet in the message, oh, it's too dirty. We can't talk about it. And these fellas are watching us, these youngsters, thinking we're all weird. And then we want them to become normal and have happy marriages and happy relationships. And we want them to become people who become the next elders. And when you can't talk about natural life, you what we're heading for is a group of young people that are going to mess their lives up and will not qualify to be pastors, deacons, and so on because we're not leading them in the right way. We're not showing them how to be normal. how that life can be lived with a proper baptism of the Holy Spirit and how we can just be normal people and happy together. Young people today don't understand and this is the tragedy. Young people don't understand what's so special about the message. Young people in message churches uh and the significance they don't know what church is about. it. They just like you go to go to school or something and they ask you uh what are you? Yeah, I'm a Christian. And they're scared to say I'm in the message. It's terrifying. They call you a cult or they mock you or something. But young people don't know. You know what I I even say to the young people? The the message is actually common sense. How many of you young people uh in public school? Yeah. Okay. Um, I I'm not going to ask them to tell me, but if they think about it, how many happy unbelievers do you know whose fathers don't swear, drink, smoke, beat up the kids? How many happy children do you know? How many families do you know that are not divorced? Or how many do you know? Just like barely any. I can do this in any school anywhere in the world. 50% of a primary school, they all have broken families in the world. The message is the only common sense on the planet that if you follow it, you will have a happy marriage, happy family, happy children. You will even live long because you won't smoke, drink, curse, swear, or do stupid things that's going to risk your life. It's even if you don't believe it, just follow it to live long and be happy. That's my point. It's always been that way. Go look in the gospel. The Hebrew children were more intelligent than the Babylonian Empire. It's literally the greatest common sense on the planet. And and beats me that young people look I'm I'm an educated person. I was I had a good education in South Africa. I'm not some brainwashed message zealot. I actually read the message and know what it is. I'm never brainwashed by my dad or my family. I'm not somebody who's been beaten on the head or something and made to use brother Bam is a prophet and Yahweh is God. Brother Bam is a prophet and Yahweh is God. Brother Bam. No, I never came up with that. I actually had an experience where I read the message and saw this is nothing else but the truth. the greatest value on earth. Amen. This this is the thing young people don't know. You are preserving your life if you follow after God's ways. You are guaranteeing yourself a happy family, a happy marriage. Life's going to be hard. You're going to have work to do. You're going to have to pay the bills. And all those friends of yours out there in the world, they always Friday comes, they're heading for the pub. They're heading for something. They need something to fill a gap in their soul. Oh yeah, but they're so rich. They go on holiday. They wear shorts. Yeah. And then they kill themselves with the stress and with all the stuff that's in their minds. They cannot keep one wife. They cannot keep one husband. They beat up their kids. You have the best opportunity to live the best life because you have the philosophy of of all philosophies in the message. Do you know why the Jews were taken captive by the Babylonians, the Meo Persians, the Greeks, the Romans? What was these small Jewish? What was so great about them? They had the only law on earth that kept tribes at peace. Nowhere else in the world, not in Africa, we know that for sure. Not in India, not not India had this great Hindu religion. They were still cutting each other's throats. Yes, China, every philosophy that the Babylonians and Grecian saw was this this law of Israel that kept 12 tribes in perfect harmony, had a single god, single religion, paid taxes, paid tithings, had children that were healthy, no veneerial diseases. Canaan was rot with veneerial diseases. I'm saying we literally have the greatest wisdom on earth in this message. Let's go to this pergame and churches. All right. So, everyone with us? I'm going to ask the children another question just now. So, stay awake. So, this is, you know, this is beautiful because you have uh unto the angel of the church of Ephesus, right? Unto the angel of the church of Smyrna, write unto the angel of the church of Pergamus, right? And on and on and on. But right here, we have a letter to the bride. Pick up your pen and write. This is what I'm trying to say to you. There was actually a change at the end here. There's a there's a letter to the bride. Amen. And look at this letter. Here is what I'm trying to say to you. Is it there on the screen? Here we go. Here is what I'm trying to say to you. The law of reproduction is that each species brings forth after its own kind, even according to Genesis 1:11. And God said, "Children, are you listening carefully? Don't yawn on me now. Let the earth bring forth grass and the herb yielding seed and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind whose seed is in itself upon the earth and it was so. All right, here it is. The part in yellow. Whatever life was in the seed came forth into a plant. You say, "Yeah, well, kids will be saying, "Yeah, duh." Huh? Seed grows into a plant. We know that. What are you missing? The seed of God in you has to become a plant, right? No. Duh. Now, right. And then into a fruit, which means it can't stay a hidden seed forever. It must be a plant and it must come out fruit, right? As if we didn't know. He then or we we were never going to know. He says next the very same law applies to the church today. What law? That a seed must bring forth a plant must bring forth fruit. Where are we? Whatever and this is this is phenomenal. Whatever seed started the church will come forth and be like the original seed because it is the same seed. This is the law of life and it never changes. Right? What I'm saying to you is if your your church begins with a particular seed, it's going to bring out the fruit of that seed. If your life had a a certain seed planted, it's going to come out with the fruit of that one. If you're a legalist, you're going to bring forth legalist fruit. If you're liberal, you're going to bring forth liberal fruit. Whatever seed is planted, it was going to produce a plant. It's the law of life. Something happens. It ignites. it comes to life, it's going to bring forth and it's going to bring something out in the end time. And you're going to stand there wondering what what just happened, right? So, whatever seed started the church will come forth and be like the original seed in these last days. I love this. The true bride church, Christ seed, will come to the headstone and she will be the super church, a super race as she nears him. Thank you, brother. I'm carried away. Uh and uh as she needs him with him, they will be one. Do you believe that? Amen. We will be one like Christ's seed. What is that? Like a root out of dry ground. Total mystery, an impossibility. Amen. He who is called, he's justified. and so on and they will be one. They will be the very manifestation. What is this telling us? This is telling us what the fruit is going to be. The manifestation of the word of the living God. Denominations cannot produce that this their wrong seed. They will produce creeds and dogmas and mixed with the word. This mongalizing brings forth a hybrid product. So young people if you ever end up okay look I know I don't know a lot of you I and in fact I don't know most of you I don't know what your life is or who your relatives are but this is happening everywhere there almost every family I know now uh has someone who has gone after believe the sign and fallen away or left the message or something like that. You know what's the amazing thing is I I I've talked to some of them and I talk to them with the attitude that I don't want to convince you because if someone is convinced they can just be convinced out again. Yeah. I'm not interested in convincing them but I'm I like playing with them because I like showing them how foolish they are. So I asked them so uh are you trinitarian? No. No, Trinity is wrong. Are you oneness? No, no, no. The oneness is so what are you? And they give me brother Brandham's answer. I'm like, uh, so you believe the the godhead like brother Brandham? Where did you get that from? You had your own epiphany. This is your own revelation. No, you got that from, brother Bam. Which means you actually believe inside of you. You're not you go sitting in some other denominational church, you just hate the prophet or you really hate the prophet because of feelings, because of how some people treated you. In the meantime, you actually know what the truth is. I asked them, "Oh, you know what? What happened in the Garden of Eden? Was it an apple? No, it was not an apple. U was it disobedience that threw us all into No, it was not disobedience. What was it then?" Um, it was, you know, like Nephilim, blah, blah, Enoch. Oh, so it's not something you just don't want to get it out. It's like stuck in your throat. You know, you know the reason Christ had to be born of a virgin. I say, "Oh, okay. How about um predestination? Are you Calvinist?" "No, no, Armenian." "No." "So, what are you like the middle of the road? Where did you get that from?" You know, like that's from the prophet. Which means even though you hate the message churches, Yeah. Yeah. We know all that. You hate the prophet. You This prophecy is wrong. That one is wrong. But you really believe the word the way we believe it. You hypocrite. You really know the truth. You're just going to some other kind of church cuz it's convenient. Right. That's the That's the real thing that's happening. They know the truth. That's right. They cannot deny and they they don't realize that's what we're attracted to. We're not interested in message terminologies or brother Brandham's miracles. I grew up under a third pole ministry. I I was not interested in in uh miracles and signs and wonders or anything. What grabbed me as a tender plant was the word. The only thing that was ever real and that's what I'm looking for. I want the truth of what happened in Genesis. When I read the book of Genesis and the days of creation, I'm celebrating. I want more. Oh, this is so exciting. And I get to chapter 2 and chapter 3 and I'm reading about serpent seed and the whole thing opens up like a like a story, like a picture. Like I'm seeing what's happening. This is so exciting. I'm not thinking, "Oh, praise the Lord for brother Bonham. Praise the Lord for brother B. Brandon this, Brandham that." The word is just opening. The truth is pouring out. and they stand there and and accuse us of being brandites. So I tell them, you know what, you're a branomite because you're the one who wakes up every morning with your coffee reading for something to attack William Brandham. I don't even do that. I don't I'm not interested in what his life was and what he did then, how this was then and whether he said this accurately. Then you're an obsessed person with William Brandham. I'm not. I am I am concerned with the word. I want more of the word. I want predestination to become more real. I want election to become more real. I want the the godhead to become more real. I want every aspect of the word to become more real. I'm not interested in message churches and and and and how they can uh uh prove to us that there's some kind of miracle church or something. There's plenty of that in the denominations. I am more interested in the word. Amen. And that's the truth of it. See this he says this mongrelizing brings forth a hybrid product they will have and produce their creeds and dogmas. So today is just the introduction right and we're going to get into everything else in the next few servers. The mystery of the kingdom was preached by Christ predominantly about seed. The kingdom of God is like unto a swer who went forth to sow seeds. and he swed seed here and he swed there on this ground and that ground. The kingdom of God is like unto a man who swed good seed in his field and while men slept the enemy came in and swed tears among the seed. The the the kingdom of God is like a man or like a a mustard seed which grow in into a big tree and the birds take root. Is that right? How many things Christ spoke about was about seed. The kingdom of God is like unto. The mysteries of the kingdom can always be spoken to by seed. So let's use that's what we're doing. Let's use the seed, the teaching on the seed to understand how it all works. All right. Okay, children. You ready for me? A seed needs four things to grow. Give me one. What does a seed need to grow? First one. Water. Yeah. Next. But you can't just drown it in water. What does it need? Sun. Sun. Good. Light. Anybody? Girls? [Applause] Soil. See? Otherwise, it's just swimming around in water, right? So, we got ground. We've got light. We've got water. What? One more very important thing. What is it? Sorry, brother. Food. Yeah. Well, it's going to get the food from the ground, right? One more thing. It needs something to breathe. Everybody needs something to breathe, right? Air. Four things. It needs ground. It needs air. It needs rain and it needs light. These are all the things that need to work for a seed to grow into a plant and produce fruit. Amen. This is important. So what is the seed? The seed is the carrier of the nature. That's the first thing we're going to understand tomorrow. It's the carrier of the nature. The seed has power in itself that you need to learn about. Amen. What is ground? It's not just ground. It's chosen ground. Do you appreciate that? Chosen ground. You're not going to You're not going to take a wheat seed and throw it on that volcano up there. As beautiful as it is. you you're going to want to choose the ground that you want to plant that seed in. And this seed is an eternal seed that's going to be planted by God. He doesn't make a mistakes with the ground. Amen. What is the light? The light is the power to transform. We're going to talk about that on Sunday morning. Light. What is light going to transform? is how does light even work in this plant? It's so beautiful when you look at the plant and then you're going to understand what light is to you and me. Why you need light? Why? That you cannot live in darkness with an eternal seed in your heart. What is darkness? What is light? And of course, there is rain. These were my best drawings I could do on the iPad, but we'll have some better diagrams tomorrow. There is rain. What is rain? Where do you where does your eternal seed get its water from? Right? That's what I'm saying. You have message people walking along, plotting along, singing songs, listening to sermons. How much of rain are you getting? Why do you feel dry sometime? Right? And of course, how it all works together. And and if you have the conditions all right, it's all working together. This plant is doing what it's supposed to do. This plant has a purpose. This plant takes root in the ground. This plant has a a meaning in itself and it's it's it's it's manifesting exactly the life that's inside the seed. Praise be to God. So, We're going to bring this together to you. All things work together. Light, air, rain, and ground. Why? Because some people think they can just have light. Light will burn you out. Without water, light's going to burn the whole plant out. Without air, you can have as much light as possible. You can have all most people, let me tell you, they want the rain. Rain down, brother. And there's something wrong with the ground. The seed gets washed away. Huh? See, it's just a simple thought. And I like New Zealand cuz lots of farming going on. We're speaking to the right people. Amen. You should be able to get this really good. So, the law of the seed, it's not just going to apply to a church. It's it if you understand how it all works, it's going to apply to you as an individual. It's going to apply to your family because at home you want to know how to raise children and those children are predestinated seed. What light do they have? What light are you providing as parents? Are you providing more rain than light? Are you providing more light than rain? How about air? Do they have air to breathe? See, so it's not just the individual, it's not just the family, it's also the church. Why do churches fail? Churches like to major on one of them. Churches uh like to believe they have this in them. They feel like pressurized to have that. And then we feel like, oh, you know, those people those people are too loud for us. Those people are too emotionless. Those people are So everybody kind of feels like they got something right. But to be the predestinated seed producing the manifested life, you need it all to work together for the good. Amen. This even happens with a country. A country can have the most fantastic constitution, most fantastic laws and and yet they're not bringing up the right people. The people are just going astray. People are losing the plot. They don't even become patriotic to the country. They're not fighting against each other. You have these two parties in every government p pitting the people against each other. It's everything. So what's happening? There's they don't have light or there's too much rain or the ground is just losing the plot. You, every one of you, you are a seed in this church. You are supposed to have a purpose, an individual unique purpose in every church that you are in. What is your plant? What is your place in there? There is finally the most important thing when we're done with it is in in an individual, every one of you, children, old person. Listen folks, it takes a visi a village to raise a child. Like like brother said in the beginning, don't pray for myself. pray for someone else. When you understand how it all works, you'll realize you're not even coming to church for yourself. So, what we're going to do over the weekend, have you identified what is your ground? If you're looking at yourself individually, do you even appreciate your ground? Do you hate your ground? A lot of people get to that. Amen. Do you see what how predestination works? Right? Have you identified what the air is? Have you identified what the rain is, what the light is, and how it should work according to the message? Anybody can choose ground, air, rain, light according to how Pentecost is. Pentecost is the safest cuz it's the nearest to where we came from. And yet it does not apply to the seed here of the seed of Christ. that doesn't mongrelize things, that does not bring forth a hybrid product. The seed here with the bride is a specific seed that is she will be like him as she nears him. It will be the very manifestation of the word of the living God. So saints in closing your m musicians can come up and we'll call brother Elry. People don't realize right now what is happening with them. Right? When you go to finding a church, finding a wife or a husband, finding a place to live, are you conscious that there is a seed that you are supposed to be watchful of? When a man chooses a wife, he's choosing a wife to help his purpose in life. Can you imagine a a farmer choosing a fashion model? How's that going to work? Honey, can you milk the cow today in my Louis Vuitton? Huh? That just that just doesn't work. You You can't go choosing a wife that's not going to support your life, your purpose. You have a purpose. So if you don't even know what the seed inside you is or the ground that you're supposed to have or the atmosphere you're supposed to live under, Amen. you're not going to appreciate. You're not going to have a successful life. We have to lead our children, our people to the truth. Amen. Finding a purpose, you know, it's like it's like animals. Animals seem to have an instinct. This is where I need to live. That's where food is. This is where I can bring up my children in peace. This is where I can protect them. Animals look for a habitat that that is conducive to their purpose. Amen. That's right. Right. And yet you got people going looking for churches and beliefs and philosophies that is not conducive to bringing up children in a wholesome way or to bring up healthy lifestyles or what is wrong with humans when animals know exactly what to do. Amen. And yet finding a purpose. You know what's going to happen when you take a hold of the life of the seed inside of you? You will never be satisfied until you are satisfied. You will keep moving. You will keep searching. You will keep working to get it right because you've got to get that life of that seed living the way it was predestinated to be. You are never going to be satisfied until you are satisfied. Amen. Amen. I love how Paul says it. This I love the scriptures. I am apprehended by that which I have apprehended. Amen. Amen. Praise be to God. And we're going to look this weekend at how things work together. The Lord bless you. Let's bow our heads for a little prayer before we sing. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful, Lord. You are wonderful to us. Lord, your word, your Holy Spirit, your love for us, it is beyond measure. It is beyond understanding. It is beyond anything we could have ever come up with. It is beyond all philosophies of man. It is beyond all laws that man have made up. It is even beyond the thoughts of humankind. Lord, it is just the treasure of the truth and the truth sets us free. Lord, I pray for this weekend that we are going to have fellowship around the things of the word. It's simple. It's the truth. It's what your prophet who is just a humble Kuckian preaching from his experience. Lord, but such great truths about life, about seed, about nature has come to us today and broken the very mystery of God to us and made it plain. Lord, we cannot thank you enough. We worship you from within our souls, from the deepest parts of us. We tell you we love you with all that is within us, with our heart and with our soul. We love your word. We love your Holy Spirit. We love the atmosphere. We love your people. We love the bride of Christ. We love the five-fold ministry. We love the good times. We love the bad times. We love and appreciate everything you have done for us. We're so excited to look at how all things work together for the good to them that are loved, to them that are called, and nothing can separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus. May you bless this church, Father. Bless these wonderful people, sincere hearts, sincere souls, tender children who are waiting for the opportunity for the Holy Spirit to fall upon them to make things real. uh older people who have walked through great experiences, difficult times, walked a road where it's been trials. They've pulled through. They've pulled through false doctrines. They pulled through family failures. They've pulled through difficult home lives, loss of jobs, loss of family members, loss of children. They've pulled through difficult marriages and difficult laws of countries. And they've some of them have crossed the seas Lord. Some of them have moved from towns to uh from cities but here they are Lord in a simple humble place. But your word your light has found us. Your word has called us. Your voice rings clear to us. There is nothing else in the world that brings us happiness but the truth of the word of God. And we know within our heart there is a there is a consolation that if God before us nothing can be against us. Bless us today we pray and for the rest of the weekend we ask it in your precious name with praise and thanksgiving. Amen and amen for your [Music] prayer. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Let's raise our hands. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. One more time. Thank you Jesus for the blood of lifeless blood. Thank you Jesus that has washed me wide. Thank you Jesus you have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious [Music] light. You took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. And now death has no sting and life it has no end. For I have been transformed by the power of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood of blood. Thank you Jesus you has washed me. Thank you Jesus you have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughterers. We are ransom by our father through the blood. The blood. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the one. Amen. The blood the blood that uses. Thank you, Father. We are raising fire through the blood. The blood. Thank you Jesus for the blood of blood. Thank you father Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Walk me from the darkness into glorious light. Thank you Jesus for the blood of blood. Thank you Jesus who has washed me one day. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Amen. Wow. Are we in for an exciting weekend? Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] Let Lord me. Even though my spirit is low, seems I can hardly go, but still I see victory. Thank you. Many times I'm walking by faith. Can't see what lies before me. I see victory. I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't trust the blood because I'm covered by his blood. Oh, you may see, you may, but you got to lose this battle tonight. Remember we can't cross the [Music] blood. Many times the battles get hard and we seem to fight along. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Many times our battle get so I turn around again. Heat. Heat. [Music] Because I'm coming the blood because I may lose this battle tonight. Remember the [Music] bloodline [Music] here. See famine in the land. There's questions in the children's eyes. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Keep listening. [Music] I remember the creatures shall come to pass. There will be generation. There will be Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I sound glory. I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for a different [Music] sound. It's the name above all and we shall declare it. Yes, we shall declare it. is the name above all names. And we shall shout it to a dying world. Oh, who shall declare my name? Oh, who will shout my name out in the middle of the nation? And who will take the shield of faith and the sword and declare my name to a dying world? [Music] He has declared me will walk in even [Music] ger for the s of time but my name will be declared in the I am Jehovah. [Music] I am my trumpet [Music] sher this generation. This generation heard me shout. It's the name of [Music] God. And we shall declare it. He shall declare is the name of God. And we shall shout it [Music] into the hell. [Music] Should we just bow our heads in a word of prayer? Yeah. Lord, we so thankful and grateful, Lord, that you we've heard from you tonight, Lord. And Lord, we just ask, Lord, that you would help us just meditate on these things, Lord, what's been spoken tonight, Lord. And Lord, we're just so thankful and grateful, Lord, to you that we can come and meet with you tonight, Lord. And know, Lord, that your hand is ever present upon us, Lord, whatever we say or what we do, Lord. And we know, Lord, that Lord, you are our comfort. You are our stay. You are our rock, Lord. And Lord, we just give you thanks and praise. And as we go from here, Lord, we just ask, Lord, that you would bless each and everyone, Lord. We love you so much and give praise and glory to your name. In your precious name, Lord Jesus we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
