################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - The Certainty Of The Church Of The Living God  Bro Andrew Glover - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-10
Title:    The Certainty Of The Church Of The Living God | Bro Andrew Glover
Speaker:  Andrew Glover
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 31m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tacGIBADqNQ
========================================

Description:
Wednesday Evening Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. All let's all stand and sing that again to him. Just welcome him. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Lord, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of your living water. Oh, for your living water, my never drying fountain, my comforter and [Music] counelor. [Music] control. Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh living, we lift our hands to worship. Before we lift our hands to worship, oh holy spirit, holy one. Oh come into this temple and hold us in your [Music] arms. Oh welcome Holy Spirit. Lord, we are in your [Music] presence. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. Amen. How much your prayer this evening that he would just come and live inside the these vessels of clay. It's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see some faces and each one. Just remember my wife and little Leo. They're both at home not feeling well. also just remember them in prayer this evening. Also continue to remember sister Lee when she got home today. Was talking to brother John. I'm sure she's glad to be home. We just continue to be have her in our prayers that the Lord would just finish the work that he's already started. Amen. Brother Travis, will you open in a word of prayer this evening? [Music] Amen. You may have your seats this evening. I'm going to sing that song. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Well, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Oh, there's a river of life and the blind to see. Well, it opens prison doors, sets the captives free. Oh, there's a river of life. I'll sing that part again. Oh, now there's a river of life flowing out from me. Oh, makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Yes, it opens prison doors, sets the captives free. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up, oh well within my soul. Spring up, oh well, and make me whole. Spring up all well and be to me that life abundant. Oh, sing it once more. Oh, for there's a need and the blind to see. It opens prisons doors, sets the captives free. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from spring up a well within my soul. Spring up, oh well, and make me whole. Spring up, oh well, and give to me that life abundantly. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. He brought me out. He brought me out. I know I didn't put it in. I know it just came on my heart. So, let's just sing it. Oh, my heart was distressed. Jehovah's dread frown. And low in the pits where my sin dragged me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep my reclaim who tenderly brought me out to golden day. And he brought me out of the my clay. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Well, he placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established and near I'll abide. No danger of falling while here I remain. Must stand by his grace until the crown I gain. For he brought me out of the myy clay. And he set my feet on a rock to say. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, he gave me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night, it sweet notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing, happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me for he brought me out of the reclaim brought to to stay and he puts a song so today a song of praise all that last verse now now I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me and I'll praise him till all men. His goodness shall see. I'll sing of salvation at home and abro till many shall hear the truth and trust in God. For he brought me out of the mighty reclaim. Oh, he set my feet on a rock to stay. puts a song in my soul today. A song of Oh, sing that chorus once more. For he brought me out of the my reclaim. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. How many have a song to worship him this evening? Let's sing that song. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me and the world can't take it away. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. for this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it all. Oh, let's all clap and sing it to him. Oh, this show that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, now this love that I have. Oh, the world didn't give to me. Oh, this love that I have. The world didn't give it to me. Oh, this love that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world didn't take it away. I'm glad that this faith that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this faith that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Yes. This faith that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world didn't take it away. I'm singing that this word that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this word that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Yes, this word that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take. Let's all stand. Oh, this Holy Ghost that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the Holy Ghost that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Yes, the Holy Ghost that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it. Let's sing that part again as the brothers come. Oh, now the Holy Ghost that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the Holy Ghost that I have, the world didn't give it to me. For the Holy Ghost that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Aren't you thankful of that this evening? Amen. Brother Morgan, we pray over the offering. [Music] [Music] And time is filled with swift transition. And not of earth [Music] unveil your hopes. all things [Music] eternal and hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, I'm going to hold to God's unchanging hand. Yes, hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, build your hopes all things eternal and hold to God's unchanging hand. So I will trust in him who will not leave you. for whatsoever years may bring. And if my earthly friends forsake or steal more closely to him and hold to God's unchanging hand. I will hold to God's unchanging hand. Mobile your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, cover it not this world's vain riches. for that so rapidly decay. But seek to gain the heavenly treasures for they will never pass away. So I will hold to God's unchanging hand. I'm on hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, build your hopes on things [Music] eternal and hold to God's unchanging hand. And when your journey is completed and if to God you have been true. your faith and bright your home in [Music] glory. Your in rapture soul will view and hold to God's unchanging hand. Yes. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Hope your hopes all things eternal and hold. Oh, let's all sing that chorus once more. Watch it get around. Shake each other's hands. I'm singing. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Yes. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, build your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's unchange. Sing the chorus once more, sister. And hold to God's unchanging hand. I'm going to hold to God's unchanging hand. I'll build my hopes on things eternal and hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this evening. I just want to thank God for what he's done this week for us. [Music] If you know the song, just help me sing it tonight. [Music] And it seems like forever. Oh, you're not of confusion. Has been so long. Come on. She passed while anchor and the tide's got you. If you hold on to Jesus, He'll help you ride out your storm. Oh, ride out your storm. God's right there with you. For you may not feel [Music] me, but you're not alone. Oh, you're ready. But parties coming. Just hold on to Jesus and ride out your soul. Remember his promise. I'll never forsake you. Though the waters are rising, do you know? Don't give up your battle. Oh, your answer is coming. Just hold on to Jesus and he'll ride out your storm. Oh, right out your sto right there with you. For ye may not see him, but you're never alone. Your morning is coming. Just hold on to Jesus. and he'll ride out to stor. Just hold on to Jesus. He'll help you ride out your stor. [Music] Amen. How many can say amen to that this evening? just hold on to Jesus. But even when you let go, he's still holding on to you. Aren't you thankful of that? I mean, I've had this song on my heart. Let's sing that song. Worship the Lord. If you know it, you can sing it with me. If not, I'll make it a song special. Well, I was trying to learn this as a congregation. It's it's called worship the Lord. know the meaning of it. It's just whatever you're going through, no matter no trial, whatever you're facing, just worship him. And if you know it, you could just sing with me and let's just worship him this [Music] evening. God will not reject your prayer. Praying makes you stronger. Oh, I have never seen the righteous forsen, begging for bread, left to suffer. Oh, have patience. Just wait and see what God will do. Oh, when you lift up your hands in surrender, God will pull you through. Oh, worship. Simply worship. If you are crying, worship in your trials. Worship. If you are hurting, worship. Nothing matters. Worship and he will hear your prayer. God goes before you saying, "Let there be." He's healing the wounds and setting you free. He's sending his angels, fighting from all sides. He's leading the way. Yes, he is the guide. Trust in him. He will never fail. He'll walk with you along life's rugged trail. Lift up your hands. This is your victory day and give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. [Music] And it is important to understand when God is [Music] speaking. Oh, that sometimes he may seem to be silent, but that is when he is working. Oh, have patience. Just wait and see what God will do. Oh, when you lift up your hands in surrender, God will pull you through. Oh worship simply worship. If you are crying worship in your trials worship if you are hurting worship nothing matters. Worship and he will hear your prayer. Oh, God goes before you saying, "Let there be." He's healing your wounds and setting you free, sending his angels, fighting from all sides. He's leading the way. Yes, he is the God. Trust in him. He will never fail. He'll walk with you along life's rugged trail. Lift up your hands. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. God goes before you. Oh, God goes before you say, "Let there be." He's healing your wounds and setting you free. He's sending his angels, fighting from all sides. He's leading the way. Yes, he is your guide. Trust in him. He will never fail. He'll walk with you along life's rugged trail. Lift up your hands. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Yes. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Well, how many came to worship him this evening? [Applause] Let's all stand as we invite. We got our brother Andrew speaking for us tonight. So, we're just in great anticipation what God has to speak through [Music] him. My boat of life saves all a troubled sea. [Music] Ever there's a wind in my sail. Oh, but I have a friend who's watching over me. Oh, when the breeze turns into a gift. Oh, aren't you thankful you know him this evening that I know the master of the way? And I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storms, make the sun to shine again. Oh, I know the master of the wind. Second verse now. Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. Oh, above the peaks my soul can be found. But then an unexpected storm. It may drive me from the heights. It may bring me no, but it'll never bring me down. For I know the rain for he can calm the storms make the sun shine again. I know the master of the way. Sometimes I saw like an eagle through the sky among the peace my soul can be [Applause] found. But when an unexpected storm it may drive me from the highs, it may bring me low. It will never keep me down. For I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm. Make the sun come out again. I know the master of the way. Well, Moses led the children of Israel across the desert to be set free. They were stranded between the river and the enemy. Well, Pharaoh's army was shouting out loud. They thought things were finally going their way. But then Moses stepped out on a rock and they heard him [Applause] say, "I know the master of the wind. Yes, my Lord, I know the maker of the rain. He can calm every storm and make the sun come out again. I know the master of the way. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this evening? How many knows the master? Amen. Praise the Lord. We've got the God on the scene in the midst of the greatest storms. Not only is he in the boat, but he can walk on water. He can walk over every storm. There ain't there's never a storm that he didn't create or that he didn't have power over. Amen. He created all things. Do you believe that? I believe he has power over every storm, the storms of our life. And amen. He's such a great God. And we come to worship him this evening. We love the Lord. Had a prayer request. We're going to give brother Andrew just a minute. We're looking forward to just allow him to come and speak to us tonight and and just allow the Lord to use him. And certainly been in I enjoy the presence of the Lord. I enjoy good worship. And I want to give a just a kind of a a brief report. I won't go into detail, but you know, we had some uh damage on the fellowship hall and just to keep everybody from wandering, I'll just say it like this. All is well. So everything's going to work out really good for us. So we just appreciate the Lord. He can take things that look like a disaster and make it work out for our good. He always does. So, we just trust the Lord in the midst of every storm, uh, that there's something good coming on the other side. We want to remember in prayer, uh, Sister Sherry Allen is sick tonight. Also, uh, Brother Randall is homesick and also, Brother David Gates is real sick and David West, this is Sister Eden's husband, Sister Eve's brother-in-law, is low blood pressure, asking for prayer. Um, remember Sister Kaitton, uh, She had had a gallbladder surgery this week. Also, Sister Leah, we were down there, had an operation done on her neck and uh they headed home this afternoon, had a few or night, a couple nights to stay there. So, uh but they are home and just trust the Lord will will heal and uh and do what God does. Amen. And so, we just believe that you love the Lord. Amen. and we just maybe if you have a need on your heart, but Dave, could you come and pray over these requests for us? And [Music] Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Our precious heavenly father, Lord, you're so good to us, Lord. Lord, you sent your word. The Bible says that it healed them. Lord, I believe tonight that you know each one and you know our ups and downs and ins and outs and Lord, you see the ones that has been brought before you tonight that's sick. And Sister Leah with the neck surgery. And God, I believe tonight that you're a mighty healer. The Bible says that you was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquity. In the chastisement, our peace was upon you. And by your stripes, we were healed. And Lord, we believe your word tonight. But even the world was framed by the word of God. We come tonight asking Lord for each one of these. And I couldn't even mentally think of each one and go back through it. But you knew, Lord, before those ever asked, you knew what was asked. And you knew all about it. And you're concerned. And I pray tonight, Lord, that you'd be with them. Lord, I pray you'd be in the remainder of this service. And Lord, I pray you'd prepare our hearts. And may we be ready to receive the word. And when we leave here, may we say like those coming from Emas, did not our hearts burn within us as we talk to you along the road. And we'd be careful to give you the praise. We ask it in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Amen. You believe God knows what we have need of. Amen. And I believe he's mindful of us. He knows every battle we've ever faced and what we're going through. Amen. How many just trust the Lord? Can you lift your hand? How many say amen? Man, we just trust the Lord that he knows all things and he has everything in control. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? [Music] He's God of my present, God of my future. He wrote my story. He holds it all together. God of my presence. God of my future, you write my story, you hold it all together. God of my presence. Amen. Is that your testimony tonight? Yes, Lord. You write my story. You hold it all together. God of my presence, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. [Music] You come at the right time when I least expected. You'll never behind. So why would I be surprised when you deliver me every time? For on mountain tops you stay the same. And in the valley low Lord you never change. And I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. Well, I'm confident as seasons change that your faithfulness remains. For you are God of my presence, God of my future. You write my story. You hold it all together. God of my presence. Thank you. God of my future. You're in the middle and you hold it all together. Yes, you're God. Yes, you're God. Lord, you ride my story. You hold How many can say that tonight? You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. God of my presence. Amen. Can you say it tonight? love you. You're the God of my present. You're the God of my future. Yes, Lord. You held it all together. In my greatest trial, you hold it all together. When I felt like giving up, yes, Lord, you hold it all together. God of my presence, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. God of my pres, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. Oh Lord, you come at the right time when I least expected. You'll never be high. So why would I ever be surprised when you come to deliver me each and every time? For I know you're God of my presence, God of my future, God. Yes, Lord. You hold it all together. You are the ala. You're the Omega. You're in the middle. You hold it all together. God of my present, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. [Music] Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Go reach around, shake somebody's hand, tell them it's God that holds it all together. Give them a word of encouragement tonight in the middle of her greatest storms, but God holds it all together. Anybody got that testimony in their life that was going through a trial, but God held it together? Turn around and tell somebody your testimony tonight. It was God that held it all together. Cuz he's God of my future, God of my present. You write my story. You hold it all together. God of my presence. Yes, Lord. You write my story. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. You hold it all together. God of my [Music] presence. You hold it all together. How many can give him a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. How many witnesses do we have here tonight that God holds it all together? Amen. I don't know about you, but Amen. And we can look back over our lives and see the times we thought everything was going to fall apart. Amen. But here we are today. Amen. Still pressing the battle, still moving forward, still possessing the promises of God. And Amen. It's all because he's God. He's God of our present. He's the God of our future. Amen. I love the way the prophet of God said it. He said, "I came back from Africa that time and he said, I was laying there on the bed and sick with that amoeba in his body." You remember that? And he said, "I was laying there praying. And I thought, Lord, with this condition in my body, there's no way I can continue to travel and minister. He said, but then all of a sudden, out of the heavens, he said, the angel of the Lord come in the room. And he said he had a handful of papers and he just threw them up in the air. And he looked at him and he said, "Your future's clear." Amen. And I I got to thinking about that one day. That was a long time before the doors begin slamming in his face or before his friends started rejecting him or before things seemingly begin to fall apart for him. But yet the angel of the Lord already told him his future was clear. And I believe right here tonight, there's no doubt a lot of trials ahead of us if time should terry. But we have a more sure word of prophecy tonight that our future is clear. Amen. How many will trust the report of the angel tonight. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts together. Heavenly Father, Lord, what an honor it is to be in your house tonight to be gathered, Lord, here with believers of like precious faith. Lord, children of yours that have come, Lord, from every different walk of life. Lord, you've called us together under the oposes of this revealed word, Lord, to serve you and to love you and to live for you. And Lord, we know the enemy is doing everything he can in times like these to suppress the faith of your children, Lord, to destroy the confidence of the children of God and the word of God. But Lord, we've gathered here tonight under the banner of the love of Jesus, Lord, that you love us and we love you and there's nothing in the past, the present, or the future that can destroy you or destroy us or our love for one another. So Lord, tonight as we endeavor to look into your word on this Wednesday evening, I pray, oh God, you would send the angel of the Lord through the building tonight. Father, on this Wednesday evening, this midweek of the services, Lord, I know there's many pressures and many things, no doubt, laying upon the hearts of your children. But Lord, for just a few moments tonight, would you drive out every spirit that's unlike the Holy Spirit? Lord, bind the hand of the enemy that we could, Lord, receive from your word tonight that we would be benefited by our gathering together. Lord, may the word be more than just quotes and scriptures tonight, but Lord, may it be a conference with you, oh God. Lord, that lives would be changed. Father, you see those that are home tonight suffering in their bodies. Lord, I pray the angel of deliverance would go by their homes and deliver them. Father, Lord, those that are empty tonight, needing something from you. May you fill them, oh God. Forgive us of our failures and our shortcomings. Lord, we want to be more like you, Father. Take this word tonight and may we b be benefited by it. We love and thank you for all things in Jesus' name we pray. And all the believers says, "Amen and amen." God Richie bless you tonight. You love the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Good to see you, Brother Brian. Amen. God rich bless you. Amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we want to go to the word of the Lord. We want to turn to the book of First Timothy the third chapter. Amen. My wasn't that just a wonderful song service. Amen. The presence of the Lord moving. We we sure appreciate the the spirit of the Lord for moving and Amen. just Amen. Seeing the gift of the Lord developing there and our brother Ben. Amen. Such a Amen. Such a privilege to serve the Lord. Amen. And want to say we do appreciate all the prayers and support there in the youth camp over in Oklahoma a few days ago. And Amen. We uh seen the Lord do some miraculous things there and marvelous things. And Amen. I'll say this, Grace Tabernacle was well represented. Amen. And Amen. had brother Mark and the family and several of the young people there. And Amen. those that sang just a a real blessing. It's a Amen. It's a special thing to see the Lord doing something in the lives of the young people. Amen. to know this message ain't going to hit the ground. Amen. God will raise up somebody. Amen. I was speaking over there and it just came to me that there's been a lot of preachers that got real important and God set them down on the side. But God will take young people and raise them up and he'll prove to this world, brother David, this message is the truth. Amen. Amen. So we say God bless you tonight and sure good to be home and be speaking to you. 1 Timothy chapter 3 and verse number 15. Paul here writing to Timothy, he says, "But if I tar long that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God." I love how Paul just describes you as a people. the house of God, which is the church of the living God, which is the pillar and the ground of the truth. Without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. For God was manifest in the flesh. Can we say God was manifested in the church? God was manifested in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, and believed on in the world, and received up into glory. Now, in the book of Daniel, the 11th chapter in the Old Testament, the book of Daniel, the 11th chapter, I want to look there in Daniel chapter 11. Amen. In verse 32, I know it's a very familiar reading. We know it by heart. In Daniel 11 and 32, the Bible says, "And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries. But the people, can I say the church, but the people that do know their God shall be weak and barely make it and barely holding on. But the people that do know their God shall be strong and do exploits." So they're not just going to be a strength there, but there's going to be a testimony that's testifying of the strength. They shall be strong and do great exploits. We ask the Lord this evening to add the blessing to the reading of his word. As you can have your seats here, I want tonight by the help of the Lord, if I would take a title tonight, I want to speak to you on this on the certainty of the church of the living God. The certainty of the church of the living God. Of course, the last time we spoke to you, we were speaking on the unlimited powerful church of the living God. And I'll just say I thought that was maybe just a sermon but just in study the Lord has been opening up some things to me on the church of the living God. And tonight I want to share just another portion with you if that's okay. Amen. Brother Brandham in 1951 and again in 1960 he preaches two very powerful sermons on the subject of the church of the living God. 1951 he actually titles it the church of the living God. Then in 1960 he preaches on five definite identifications of the church of the living God. And as you study through the message you will find amen that brother Brandon will use that term about 420 times. Amen. The church of the living God. Now I started going through all those quotes and I'm not going to read them all to you but they're very powerful quotes. Amen. To hear a prophet Amen. really identify amen from the Bible who we really are. in 1960 the five definite identification. He said now the word church on each one of those subjects that I have chosen tonight to speak to you on one of it is what is the church? Now he asked five different questions. What is the church? Who set it up? What is its message? How do we become a member of it? And can we get to heaven without being a member of it? He said now each one of those texts could last for hours. Amen. Combing back and forth. He said, "But I wish to hit a few fundamental points to show, Amen. what the real church is, right?" Amen. What the real church is. He said, "And now, Amen. I want I want you to have your Bibles." I I don't know about you, but that does my heart such good to hear a prophet, Amen, say, "I'm getting ready to identify to you what the Church of the Living God is." Amen. And I want you to have your Bibles. Now, now, this is not coming from his school that he went to. It's not coming, Amen, from his imagination. But he's going to turn in the Bible and he's going to identify what the real church is. In Revelation 12:1, there appeared a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed with a sun. Amen. And the moon under her feet and upon her head, amen, there was a crown of 12 stars. Mark of the Beast, 1954. He said, "What does that woman represent?" He says, "The church." See? Amen. This is the bride here. This is the church. The real church. He said the real church of the living God will be condemned. Amen. By the Catholic and the Protestant. How many knows that Christianity has been broken down into two great organizations or groups? The Catholic Church, Amen, and then the Protestant church. But here the prophet is showing, Amen, that the real church is neither going to be Catholic. Amen. And neither is she going to be Protestant. Amen. Because they will unite together. They're already together as one. Amen. And he shows you that they are a mother and they are a daughter. Right? Amen. The mother is the great Amen. That Roman Catholic church. Amen. But she had daughters which are those Protestant denomination. He said, "But if our hearts condemn us, then we want complete deliverance. We don't want to be a halfway church." How many agree? We don't want to be a halfway church. Amen. We want to be a real church or no church at all. Amen. We want to be a real church or no church at all. He said, "We want to be real Christians or no Christians at all." So, amen. There's only one real, amen, true living church. Amen. And that is the bride of Jesus Christ. David would say the prophet of God, speaking of David, he said, was in one of his worst times. He was a fugitive, but he had already been anointed. He know what he was to be. He was to be king because God said so. And yet, he was hated. Now, watch this. He was standing in between two great deep fires. Amen. Here was the Philistine on one side. Amen. And here was Saul on the other. But he was a man without a nation. Now watch a prophet turn from David. Amen. To the church. And he said, just as the church stands today, amen, the true church of the living God without a denomination or anything else. Amen. She stands alone. Amen. But she's had the anointing poured on her. Amen. That's a beautiful that David was between two great fires. Amen. But the fact was the anointing was already upon him. Amen. So the Philistines couldn't kill him and Saul couldn't defeat him. And I tell you tonight, the anointing is already upon you. Amen. And the devil can't defeat you. Amen. Your past can't defeat you. Amen. The anointing has already been released upon this church. Amen. I love what a prophet says. He says she knows what she is. Amen. David knew who he was. He knew he was a king coming into power. And here is the bride, the church. Amen. And she knows who she is. I'll say this. Satan hates the true church of the living God. Brother said, "The devil's always been after the church of the living God." Is that right? Amen. It's always had a black name. He said Jesus was born in this world with a black name as an illegitimate child. Did you know that? Amen. Supposed to be born a child out of holy wedlock. Amen. Jesus had that hanging on him. Watch this. He had that hanging on him. But in his heart, he knew he was the son of God. Listen. In his heart, he knew he was the son of God. And men and women, you know where you stand tonight. And there's only one more person knows it. That's God knows where you stand. Amen. So if your heart is right with God, really live for him, be true to him, and love him so much that everything else becomes secondarily. And then you'll love the Lord with all your heart, with all your strength, with all your soul, and with all your might. And God, amen, will lead you. Then the footsteps of a righteous man is ordered of the Lord. Amen. Can I show you something? Greater is the revelation in your soul of knowing who you are than the reputation that is hanging over your life. Listen, we don't all have perfect backgrounds. We were all born in sin. We were all shaping iniquity. We all come in the world speaking lies. Amen. But every true seed of God, amen, can testify that no matter how low in sin you went, no matter how far backst you became, there was something in your soul that knew you was born for more than the condition that you were finding yourself in. That is because you are a part, amen, of the church of the living God. Listen, sin don't define you. A bar don't define you. Alcohol don't define you. Hey, but the revelation of Jesus Christ has been sent into this age to identify you. Amen. As more than just church members, as more than just religious people, but to identify you as the real church who knows who she is. She knows where she come from. She knows where she's standing. And praise God, somebody gets you shouting shoes on. She knows where she's going because she has been identified the same way David was and the same way Jesus was. This church is identified by the anointing. Somebody anointing. I know people don't believe in it no more, but we believe in it around here. We believe in the anointing. We believe in anointed singing. We believe in anointed praying. We believe in anointed preaching. Amen. Because it is the anointing that destroys the yoke of the enemy. My Jesus knew he was the son of God. So does this bride know that she is the anointed true church of the living God. St. Matthew 16 again 17 Jesus answered said unto him blessed art thou sermon by Jonah Simon Barjonah for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee. Amen. But my father which is in heaven. And I say unto thee, thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. I don't mean to repeat myself. I know I've said it here before. Amen. That Peter had more revelation than he had mistakes. But can I show you something else? Amen. Greater was his revelation than his reputation. Amen. Greater was Peter's revelation, Amen. than his reputation. You could go read about where he cursed the Lord. You could go read about where he denied God. You could go read about where he cut the soldier's ear off. Amen. But when it come time, amen, to identify, amen, who this being was in front of him. There was a revelation in his soul that said, "Thou art the Christ, a son of the living God." Brother said, "What is that seven church age messenger going to do?" He's going to restore the faith of the children. Amen. Back to the fathers. In other words, he's going to rebuild the church again under the power of the spirit. Amen. Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, sayaith the Lord. Not by organization, nor by denomination. Amen. But by the Holy Spirit of God will he bring forth the church in the last days. Now, I love what the prophet of God said. He said that word church means the called out. Amen. Israel was not the church of God as long as they were in Egypt. See? Amen. They were the people of God. But when God called them out of Egypt, Amen. They became the church of God. Amen. Because now they are the called out. He said the word church means they're called out. Those that have been called out. How many have been called out? We have been separated and we have been made different. Listen, we didn't make ourselves different, but the call of God that came upon our lives, amen, separated us and made us different. Amen. as every other church member ought to be. Amen. He says in the Old Testament, the known church, Amen, I'm trying to teach and y'all are preaching me. The known church was called, Amen, the kingdom of God. In other words, God is a king and the church is his domain. His, he said, see, God's kingdom old testament, but in the New Testament, it is called amen, the messianic empire. In other words, the Messiah's empire where the Messiah rules and reigns. There is no denominational barriers. Amen. The Messiah rules in his empire. Amen. Therefore, the church is not an organization. Praise God. Amen. Because organization spells death. Amen. Listen. The church is not a gathering of people. Amen. The church is the people of God that's been called out of the world. Amen. To serve in another kingdom. We have been called out of Leosa. We have been called out of the world, amen, to serve in another kingdom. Therefore, we have a king and we have access to our king. Other words, where the Messiah rules in every life and his dominion. Amen. Ruling the lives of his people, a called out people from every walk of life, gathering together in a group. Amen. Then calls it his church. Amen. Or his called out ones. I love this. Amen. The real church. Somebody say the real church. The real church is the mystical body of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, you cannot organize, Amen. the mystical body of Christ. Amen. If you want to know what the real church is, Amen. It's not the structure, Amen. of Grace Tabernacle. Amen. It's not the structure of any other building, Amen. But the real church is the people who have been called out, amen, of darkness into his marvelous life. That's why, Amen. Wherever you put us, we can have church. Heard Bud Ram say today, he said, "There's something about that real church." He said, "They'll turn anything into a prayer meeting." And I think that describes this people right here. Amen. Wherever you put us, we're going to have a good time. Amen. Cuz we know who we are. We know where we come from. We know what we're following. And we know where we're going. We're not a bunch of organized chickens. We're not a bunch of denominational buzzards. We are sons and daughters of God who has heard the eagle scream and there is a cry in our soul to come up higher. Amen. To go into heavenly places in Christ Jesus where all things are possible. You cannot organize the mystical body of Christ. My don't that make you feel good? What that tells me, brother Joe, is nobody can put you in and nobody can take you out. Well, that ought to make you shout. Nobody can approve you and nobody can disapprove of you. If God put you in, it'll take God to take you out. If God saved you, it'll take God to unsave you. If God delivers you, it'll take God to undeliver you. But what my God does, he will perform until the day of our redemption. This is the mystical body of Christ. I love it because a prophet said, "We got to go into our Bibles and we got to find out what this real church is." Listen, we have been given a scriptural description of what this church is to look like. Amen. He said, Jesus described to us, amen, just what the church of the living God will look like. He said, in my name, they'll cast out devils. They will speak with new tongues. If they take up serpents or they drink anything, it will not harm them. They shall lay their hands on the sick, and they shall recover. And the things that I do, Amen, shall you do also. So when a prophet described, amen, what the church was going to look like, he didn't turn to the Baptist. He didn't turn to the Pentecostals. He turned to Mark 16 and he turned to John 14 and said, "Now when you read Mark 16 and John 14, you are reading a definite description of what God said his church will look like." In Ephesians 1:22, Paul says, "And hath put all things, amen, under his feet." Amen. and gave him to be the head. Somebody shout the head. Over all things to the church. I love what he says in verse 23. Which is his body. Amen. And the fullness of him that fillth all in Colossians 1:17. He is before all things and by him all things consist. Now here it is. And he is the head of the body which is the church. who in the beginning the firstborn from the dead that in all things he might have the preeminence. Listen, he was the firstborn. Amen. Among the dead that in all things he might have preeminence. Do you realize Paul said that we are the church of the firstborn. In other words, we are the firstborn of God who he has been able to gain access to. Amen. By the word. Hallelujah. You are a people who the word has found an access into your life. And you don't do anything unless it's in the word. You don't believe anything unless it comes from the word. You don't say anything unless you're saying it from the word. Because the church of the living God is the pillar of truth. It is the pillar of faith. It is a witness that God can get into flesh and can manifest himself through that redeemed flesh the same way he did the flesh of his own son Jesus Christ. My I feel like preaching. Who is the head of this church? It ain't no pope. It ain't no bishop. It's Jesus Christ. Amen. And the Bible said we're not bound by any fedters, but we're walking in the spirit. Amen. Amen. Your back is on the things of the world. He who the son is made free is free indeed. That's the church of the living God, and that's who set it up. Amen. So Paul says in Ephesians 4:4, he said, "There is one body, right? And there is one spirit even as you're called into one hope of your calling. Now look here. There is one universal mystical body. We all agree there is one head and there is one universal mystical body. But I want to say this within that that that mystical body there are many members or there's many local bodies or there's there or there or there's members within the body. Hebrew series. He said God chose Paul. Man chose Mias. They cast the lots, but he never did anything. That shows what power the church has then to make a choice to elect their deacons and send their preachers to different places. He said, that's carnal. Many times he said, let a man go where God leads him to go. He said, I like that the people in a conference just say, well, here's a nice church. This brother's built up a nice church. We have a little pet. They'll send him over to this church. They don't realize they're killing theirelves. See the first place if that man goes in there he can't feel that man's place then they only weaken the church to try to show amen favor to some pet. He said now I'm just going to say what a prophet said. Is that okay? He said I believe in the supreme authority of the local assembly. I believe in the supreme authority of the local assembly. He said yes. Let each church be its own. Choose its pastors. Choose its deacons. whatever it is. And then that way the man in there has no bishop over him. The Holy Spirit wants to speak something of that church. They don't have to ask anybody about whether they could do this or do that. It's the individual in contact with the Holy Spirit. Amen. Show me the by the Bible. What's greater in the Bible than a local elder to a local church? That's right. Yes. The sovereignty of the local church. Each church in itself. He said, "Now brotherhood, that's wonderful. All churches ought to be in a brotherhood." Amen. Like that together, but the sovereignty of the local church, which that brings us back to the church of the living God. Listen, this church don't belong to no bishop. It don't belong to no important preacher. It don't belong to no big message preacher. This church belongs to God. Therefore, God has put a pastor, amen, behind this pullpit, amen, as a watchman in the tower, amen, to warn off the enemy and to preach the power of God. Listen, I say we ought to welcome, Amen, the leadership of the Holy Ghost into this church like never before. We ought to say, God, you who loved us enough to give us a place that is not under the taining or under the condemnation of men's ideas or or what a man thinks, but somebody it'll just say what a prophet said. We ought to say, "Thank God for it." Amen. We ought to say, "Amen." Some of us parents ought to be shouting our shoe heels off. Amen. To thank God we got a church. Amen. to raise our babies in. It ain't a bunch of man-made legalism. A ain't a bunch of ritualistic ideas, but we're some freeborn sons and daughters of God. And we don't have a hireling. We have a shepherd behind this pullpit who preaches the truth of God's word. And it don't matter who likes it or who loves it. He'll stand on the promises of God because this is not a man's church. This is the church of the living God where the power of God ought to find a rightway and the word of God ought to find a place of influence. Yes, sir. Amen. The sovereignty of the local church. Amen. I say that the sovereignty of the local church. I know sometimes people get to thinking, well, amen, we need to watch this and watch that. And I'm not, you know me. I'm not all I'm not all anti-streaming. I know some guys are, but I'm not a baby. But at the end of the day, what matters in this church is the message. It don't matter how somebody does it up the road or down the road or across the country or overseas in this church. All that matters is the message of the hour. And I love what the prophet said. He said, "Now, we're not asking you to join church. We're asking you to come and join Christ and be born again. Now watch a prophet and go to any church of your choice." I tell you that'll make a and I'm just going to preach that that make you change the way you look at people. Amen. When they're coming there by their own choice. Come on. You didn't have to come here tonight, folks. You didn't have to come hear me preach or have to come hear these. You don't have to come here on Sunday and hear brother Matt. Amen. But there's something in your soul that's bearing witness with the anointing and the atmosphere. Listen, then I think we ought to be thankful. Amen. That God has given us a church of liberty. Amen. To praise him in. He said, "Now you now now watch a prophet." He wasn't he wasn't he wasn't promoting idleness. He said, "You must find yourself a good church." Amen. A place, a church of your choice. Now listen what he says. And there be a royal member of the family of Christ until death set you free. I don't know about you, but brother Matt, Amen. I want to be a royal member of the church of the living God who he has positionally placed me in the local body of Grace Tabernacle. Amen. I want to be a royal member. I want to I want to pray with you. Amen. I want to shout with you. I want to sing with you. I want to enjoy the anointing with you. What about it, family? Hey, this ain't a bunch of paying your dues of religion. This is liberty. Amen. To go to the house of God and to raise your families in the fear and the admonition of God. That's what we're here for mainly is to get sinners saved. He said, "Then you find you a good church somewhere that preaches the full gospel and believes in divine healing and believes in the baptism of the Holy Spirit." Listen. And there you find you a good church of your choice. Now watch what he says. And then settle down there. Woo! Glory. Like brother Charlie Cox said, "Shopping days are over." Amen. Amen. Settle down there and be a real servant to Christ. You say, "Well, praise God. I'm serving Christ, not the church. But as you serve one another, yes, sir. Come on. As you love one another, you love God. Now, I'll say this. The prophet, I'm just preaching. So, prophet, give us instruction. He said, "Now, they're not trying to find the most spiritual church." He said, "But the biggest church with the biggest crowd, the best dressed celebrity." Amen. Where it's called better class. And then in that church, they'll try to find a minister, what they call not too narrow-minded, that'll just about let them live any way they wish to. and belong to that church. Now, you can live that way and belong to the church, but not the church of the living God because it's not an organization. It's an organism. He said, "See, the spiritual man on the inside, if you'll give him the rightway, now if you'll give the spiritual man the rightway, he might lead you to a little mission somewhere where there's not many people, but there is the spirit of the living God. For the outside man feeds on psychology. Hey, but the inside man feeds on the word of God. Amen. Go somewhere where they preach the gospel and they believe in the word of God and they believe in the coming of Christ. Amen. Let me just say this. The spirit of God will never lead a person to something that is established on a foundation that is contrary to the word of God. Come on my get out there. Amen. The spirit of God will never lead anybody, amen, to something that is contrary to the word of God. Well, let me ask you, what led you all here? I'll tell you what done it. Wherever the carcass is there, the eagles will be gathered together. What has led people here from Pennsylvania and from all over? I'll tell you what's done it is the preaching of the message of the hour. Hey, and I'll say this, we stand on the foundation that God is a savior. We stand on the foundation that God is a healer. We stand on the foundation that God is a deliverer. We stand on the foundation that God gives the Holy Ghost. We stand on the foundation that the message of the hour is the only way to a rapture. We stand on the foundation that one of these mornings between 6:00 and 9, our loved ones are going to appear and our bodies are going to be changed. Hallelujah. Hey, why? Because we didn't take our own choice. We trusted God's choice. Amen. You got to make a choice whether you're going to submit yourself to a spiritual church or a formal church. And I pray before the day ever come that this become a formal church. We find an altar somewhere and pray the icicles out. May this never become a formal gathering which is a meaningless gathering but may it always be a gathering of eagles where the power of God can move and lives can be changed. You got to make your decision. You got to take your way with the church that was ordained on the day of Pentecost or take some man-made creed. And I love this quote. He said, "You got to make your choice." He said, "Now, you might think it's a little despised. You might think it's a little despised, but it's reliable." Woo! Glory, brother Mark. It might be despised, but at least it's reliable. If it wasn't, Christ wouldn't have ordained it. Well, that ought to make you shout. If it wasn't reliable, then Christ would have never ordained it. If it wasn't so, Amen. Paul wouldn't have received the Holy Ghost. Now, come on, church. We can get so modern. Amen. But sometimes we got to go back to the old landmarks and remember what was reliable. Amen. Well, I might as well preach. Amen. We get so modern sometimes we forget what actually was reliable. Can I tell you what was reliable was when the saints of God began to pray and the power of God be to fall. And I'll just say this, don't you ever become ashamed of what God has ordained as a reliable church of the living God. I remember I remember my grandfather. He he was big in old trucks. Brother David, big in old trucks. No new trucks, no new no advancement. 1950s, 1960s Fords, rust buckets falling apart, holes in the seats, no seat belts, me hiding the floor as a kid because you're passing troopers and there's no but them were reliable trucks, brother Emanuel, them were the way to go. And I I remember one day we was in the in the in the supply store and he was in there and this guy just bought a brand new F-150 truck and he pulled in there and he was bragging that thing up and this was back probably in the early 2000s so I mean heated seats would have been an advancement then. I mean, it had all this really nice stuff and man, this was the way. And he started kind of making fun of my grandfather's old 66 red rust, I mean, Ford truck out there. And he got to talking about it and all of a sudden he said, "That truck's more reliable. I'll take it anywhere, anytime, any day. I've got that truck." And he went out there and brother Maddie went in there to start and the thing wouldn't start. I never will forget it. That truck wouldn't start. We climbed up in that old 66 Ford. Pat put his foot on the clutch, cranked the thing up. He rolled the I rolled the window down. I rolled the window down and he harded out. But it's reliable. Come on, folks. Sometimes, Amen. This old way of holiness is despised by the world, but it's reliable. Come on. Amen. Sometimes it's looked down upon to hold the standards that you hold. But you fathers, when you walk them babies to the altar as clean living young people, it might have been despised, but it was reliable because it was the house of God. It was the place where God had designed to manifest himself in. Yes sir. When you make an investment with your money, you don't pick some some fly by night firm. Re said no. He said you want to find something reliable. And he said, I will re recommend to you tonight the old reliable institution that was founded on the day of Pentecost when the Holy Ghost came down to dwell among men. It's the most reliable firm that I know of to invest your soul and your future in eternity in an oldfashioned woo, brother Travis. In an oldfashioned Pentecostal experience, it's been time-tested and proved to be the truth and 2,000 years and it hasn't changed a bit. This Holy Ghost gospel is still paying off the same dividends that it paid off 2,000 years ago. It'll still keep you above sin. It'll still keep you out of depression. Come on. Amen. This Holy Ghost gospel will give you a song in the midnight. This Holy Ghost gospel will put a smile on your face when everything is giving you a reason to frown. This Holy Ghost gospel will cause you to shout in the middle of a trial. This Holy Ghost gospel will cause you to stand in the face of doctors and say, "We're going to choose to believe the report of Jehovah Rafa because it's timeested and it's reliable." I say, "Put your family in it." I say, "Put your marriage in it." I say, "Put your young people in it." I say, "Put your ministry in it. Put your ministry in this oldfashioned Holy Ghost church of the living God." Yes, sir. Spiritual church. I'll say this, spiritual revelation, it produces a spiritual church. I love what the prophet said. He said, "The spiritual church, it still has the pillar of fire. Still has the signs and wonders. Still has the same Christ which it vindicates all the way from the dying lamb in the garden of Eden until the second coming of the lamb. Absolutely the same yesterday, today, and forever." Brother Brham preaches a sermon called the uncertain sound. 1 Corinthians 14:8, he said, "If the trumpet give an uncertain sound, then who shall prepare himself to the battle?" He said, "Now, you got to have the certainty of anything. We got to know whether it's right or not." How many's ever heard him preach the uncertain sound? Preaches it about seven times. He said, "Then you say, "Brother Brandon, you're sure taking us out on a limb. Is there anything that is certain?" He said, 'Well, I can stand here and lift up list off and read off a list of things that's uncertain. Nations are uncertain, uncertain, sound, who knows what to do. Jobs, politics is uncertain, church is uncertain, home life is uncertain. What is certain? Is there anything that's certain? Yes. There's one thing I'll guarantee you is certain. That's the word of God. Hallelujah. Home life is uncertain. Politics is uncertain. Jobs is uncertain. Is there anything that's certain? Yes. It's called the word of God. When you look at that word certainty, it is the firm conviction that something is the case. It is the quality of being reliably true. It is a fact that is definitely true or an event that is definitely going to take place. So, when you have something that is certain, it is a fact that it's the truth and it will lead you to the manifestation of an event. Oh, I might as well preach right there. We have the message of the hour and it is a fact, David Paul. It's the truth. And I'll tell you what it'll do. It'll lead you to an event. And that event is the changing of your body. Amen. Can I say this to you? The certainty of the church is the message that it preaches and teaches. You say, "Why do y'all put so much emphasis on the message?" Because it's the only thing that's certain. Come on. The mood changes. Y'all know what I'm talking about. It's Wednesday. God bless you all. You pressed over hard days and pressed over work to be in the house of God. But let's just be real. Sometimes it's hard. Sometimes there's all the pressures on us and all the mind battles. Hey, but thank God the church is not certain because of our attitude or because of our mood, but the certainty of Grace Tabernacle. Brother man, I got to say, God bless you. There's one thing we can believe when we're on our way to church is we're going to hear the message of the hour. How many can praise God for that? There's one thing you're going to hear. You're going to hear that God sent a prophet. And you're going to hear that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. You're going to hear that God can save. He can heal. He can feel. He can deliver. You're going to hear that God can give you a testimony. You're going to hear that God is a God of a second chance. Listen, the mood might change and the music might change and the pews might change, but there's one thing that'll never change, and that is the message that the church preaches and the message that we teach. We're not teaching a preacher. We're not teaching a man. We're teaching Jesus Christ, who is the son of the living God, who is the head of the church of the living God. Yes, sir. The certainty of this church is the message of the hour. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother said five day identifications. He said the first message of the church is repentance. He said that is the church which is the mystical body will teach. It will teach repentance. Now watch a prophet go to Luke 24. And he said unto them verse 46, thus it is written and thus it behooved Christ to suffer and to rise from the dead the third day and that repentance and remission of sins should be preached. Come on. Not a suggestion, brother Kobe. It's a commandment. It should be preached in his name among all nations beginning at Jerusalem. Watch what he said. And ye are witnesses of these things. Reverend breaks into it again. Paragraph 87. He said he suffered, said the scripture. He's the one the prophet spoke of. He's the one the whole Bible's turned around involved around him. Surely he would know what ought to be taught. Surely he would know what ought to be taught and what ought to be done. And he said that repentance and remission of sins must be preached to all nations for a witness beginning at Jerusalem. So watch. That's why this church is not a Protestant church. It is not a Catholic church. It is a full gospel wordborn seed of the spoken word sown church of the living God. Listen, the second message is that Jesus is the king and he is alive forever more. Amen. Watch him. Go to Matthew 28 28:20. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I've commanded you. And lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. Hebrews 13:8, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday. Brother Joe, today and forever. He said, "See, that's the message of the church, doing his work, proving his resurrection, and giving witness." Watch him go to Acts 5:32. And we are his witnesses of these things, and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him. So God gives the Holy Ghost, Brother Don, to those who obey him. You know why? Because he's got to be witnessed. He's got to have somebody who can witness what is preached and taught in the church is more than just a sermon. It's a reality in the flesh. Oh, God was manifested in the flesh. Now, folks, it's getting down there. Getting down there pretty close. God was manifested in the flesh. In the church, not in the pews, not in the sheetrock, not in this carpet. Not in this microphone. Come on. Not in that microphone. Not on any of these instruments, but God was manifested in the flesh. Come on, church. They may never hear you sing a special. They may never hear me preach a sermon, but oh, may they see that the Holy Ghost is returned in human flesh in the bride's body. Hallelujah. John 14:12, he gives the teaching what the church should do. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works of these shall he do, because I go to my father. Paragraph 90. That's the message of the church. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Are you ready for this? Living in the church. Hallelujah. Brother Matt living in the church. Raised from the dead. The same yesterday, today, and forever. performing the same works, doing the same things that Jesus did. That's the message of the church. If the church isn't teaching that, it's teaching some false theology because that's what Jesus commanded them to preach. Well, I might as well say it. That's more than just an identification, folks. That's a definite identification. And you know what definite means? It means clearly defined. It means exact or certain implying something that is fixed. It is settled or is known without any doubt. Listen, that is a settled fact in this church that Jesus Christ is the son of God and he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Can I say this? And we're without any doubt, brother Travis, that our God is the King of Kings. He's the Lord of Lords, and he is alive forever more. He is right here in this building tonight. He's reigning over every sickness, over every symptom, over every disease, over every problem. Jesus Christ, the head of the church is here in the flesh of the church of the living God. Hallelujah. That last message he said is Mark 16. He said, now we'll find out what his last message was to the church and we'll see then whether we're following out his commission. And afterward, Mark 16:4, is this okay? Afterward he appeared unto them unto the 11 said after his resurrection as they sat at meat and araided them with their unbelief and the hardness of heart. Now why? Because they believe not on them. They believe not on them which had seen him. Yes sir. Oh my. They did not believe on them which had seen him after he was risen. Amen. So, he did not go down, Amen. to the public school and appear to them. Come on, young people. He didn't go down to Walnut Ridge or or or any other school and appear, but he appeared in you. Come on, folks. That's why the church is not the building. It's the body. Come on. He didn't, brother, brother Mark. He didn't appear down there in your school in a corporal body. But when you walk in there, Jesus Christ, the resurrected God, is appearing in that school. Brother Joe, wherever you go, he's walking in you because you are the witness of the church. Well, somebody ought to say, "Amen." Hallelujah. Amen. It's more than just a gathering in a building. It's more than just a song on the platform. It's more than just a sermon behind the pullpit. God was manifested in the flesh. What is the church? It's God in the flesh. Hallelujah. Somebody seen him. Somebody had seen him. Glory. I know it's Wednesday, but I'm trying to behave. I'm sorry. This ain't just a Wednesday night to me. Hallelujah. Somebody had seen him. Somebody was trying to tell them about it, and they did not believe it. If that isn't the same thing today, we know he lives. We have the witness of his spirit in us. We see his power move over the audiences and tens of thousands of people and discern their thoughts and their hearts exactly the way it was here. They don't believe it. They didn't believe it then and they don't believe it now. They believe he died and that settled it. And we got some kind of a historical thing that some fell raised up a few years ago and established a church and wrote a catechism. And that's what we hold on to. I love a prophet. Don't you, brother Joe? That's pagan. Woo. Glory. That's why we don't have no brochures at the back door. Well, I might as well preach. I'm feeling good. That's why we don't have no That's why we don't have no new member programs. And Amen. Let's get your information and let's enroll you in this program. Hey, how many can testify? Every new member you've seen come in here at the end of the service, brother Matt, give them an opportunity to come to Christ. You know why? Because that's what Christ ordained the church of the living God. I don't care where you go. Just go to Christ and be settled down under the word of God. But make sure you're under the message. Amen. Somebody say they got to hear you preach or hear another preacher. No, they got to hear Christ. See, no. No. I don't say the man might have done it. The man might have been sincere. But God doesn't control his church like that. Now watch what he said. He said, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel." Rebraham said, "How many knows what the gospel is? Is the power of God to make the word act." Yes, sir. The gospel is the power of God to make the word act what it says it'll do. He said, "Preach the gospel to all the world." I love this quote. He said, "Preach the gospel to all the world. Preach the gospel to the white people or just the brown, the ya, the black, to every creature. Preach the gospel to every creature." Amen. He said, "Every creature." You believe that means that? He said, "I seen God baffle a bull one day. I seen him cause hornets not to sting. I seen him raise up a possum that had been laying dead all night." Every creature. Come on, folks. That's one of the Hallelujah. That's one of the definite identifications of the true church of the living God is they will believe on him who is raised from the dead and they will preach the gospel. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "Well, I thank God for Oh, God, I'm getting trouble." Amen. I'll just say this. Thank God that every idea don't come behind this pull pit. Come on. Come on. We might We might as well shout hallelujah. Amen. Thank God every fly by night idea don't come behind this pullpit because it's reserved for the gospel. Now, I could get off in some heavy areas here. I'll just keep on moving. every creature. Listen, because the gospel will take effect upon anything that you ask. My brother Xavier, the gospel will take an effect upon anything you ask. You say that's wrong, brother Brandham. It isn't wrong because Jesus preached the gospel to a tree. He cursed a tree at its root and said, "From this day on, no man eat from you." And the gospel was preached to that tree. and the tree obeyed the gospel. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up servants serpents. If they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. And they shall lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover. So that after the Lord had spoken to them, he was received up into heaven and he sat on the right hand of God and they went forth. Come on, they went forth and preached everywhere. The Lord working with them and confirming the word with signs following. Oh God, they went everywhere preaching the gospel because they knew if it could just be preached, it would take an effect upon anything that God asked. Oh my, I'm hurrying. Look here. Mark 16 is the definite identification of the believing church. He said that's the commission of the church. That's the real believing church. The church of the living God is pre-born spirit of God. It don't need any denomination. They follow the king. They don't have to take the people's things. They're freeborn. Now, who's going to preach it? Who's going to preach it? He said, God is able to take the ignorance. He's able to rise stones to the children of Abraham. God can do whatever he wants to because he's God. Can I tell you this? Another thing the church will teach and will preach is divine healing. Amen. I'm I'm not crazy. I'm the spirit world. Divine healing. Listen, another thing the church will teach will be divine healing, which is the message of the church. Somebody say, well, amen. I just quoted Matthew 10. He said, let's read it. When he had called unto him his 12 disciples, he gave them power over against unclean spirits to cast them out and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of diseases. Let me just say what a prophet said. He said the first commission to his church was to preach divine healing. Can I say this? He said, "If the power of God ever puts forth another church, it'll be another Pentecost, another book of Acts will be wrote behind it because it's the church of God." Jesus said, here we go, "I am the vine and ye are the branches. You cannot bear fruit in yourself." I love how he says this, Brother Brian. He says, "But I throw my own self." I throw my own self into the branch, and what kind of fruit did it bear? These signs shall follow them that believe. The second church rises up. The mystical body of Christ will have the same signs. Yet a little while in the world shth me no more. Yet ye shall see me. For I will be with you, even in you. Are you ready for this? In every branch, in every branch unto the end of the world. Come on. Can I say this to you, daddy? He's in you. Can I say it to you, mama? He's in you. Can I say it to you, grandparents? He's in you. Listen, you ain't got to wait, husbands or wives. Amen. Till the altar gets open. Amen. To pray for one another. You can lay your hands on them right there and say, "Satan, you've gone as far as you're going to go. You've tormented and afflicted as long as you're going to afflict." I believe God. Come on. I believe God, Sister Eve, I believe God is a healer. I believe this church is standing on the foundation. They shall lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover. That's not a suggestion. That's a definite identification. Now, the church also must teach baptism. Yes, sir. So, it's going to teach repentance and remission of sins, brother. It's going to teach that Jesus is the king and he's alive forever more. Brother, it's going to teach, Amen, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's going to teach divine healing. It's going to teach water baptism. Listen, the power of the church, Amen, comes from the authority that it's under. Are you hearing me? This is a bibleelving church. We are not under the authority of Bishop soandso on Mark 16. We are under the authority of Jesus when he spoke Mark 16. Brother said, "We don't have any power, but we have authority." Don't take power. Someone said, "You got any power?" "No, but I got authority." You take a little policeman stand out here. He wears a uniform. He has got a hat too big for him. Sets down over his ears. He hasn't got power to stop nothing. But let him walk out here and a car coming down the street with a 300 horsepower engine and let him raise up that hand and watch the I mean, watch the brake slide. why he hasn't got no power, but he's got authority. And when a man or woman is anointed, hallelujah, with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he might not be able to read his name in box cariz letters with education, but he has got an authority from God that he is a son of God. Let him take authority from God and stand and say, "Stop." Well, why don't you do it tonight, church? That devil's running towards your family. He's running towards your health. He's running towards your babies. Rise up in the authority of the church of the living God and say, "Stop. Stop, devil. You've come as far as you're going to come. You've rolled as hard against us as you're going to ride. We know who we are." Somebody shout that devil out of here. Somebody praise God in the house of God. Hallelujah. I'm talking about Jesus. He's alive forever more. I'm talking about the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. And he's in this building tonight to tell that devil, stop. You've gone as far as you're going to go. No, I ain't backing up to that devil. He's gone as far as he's going to go. Yes, sir. He's gone as far as he's going to go. He's rode free as long as he's going to ride. Get out, devil. Get out, devil. This ain't an organization. This is the church of the living God. Satan's wheels will slide and so will his breaks. something will take place because he's been given authority by the Holy Ghost. In my name, they shall cast out devils. Amen. That's why the devil hates this kind of preaching, brother Mark, is because it gives no place to the devil. Come on. We're not making any room for the devil. I'm not backing up. We're not making any room for the devil. We're not giving him one little corner. We're not giving him one little cimeter of this assembly. This church belongs to God. It belongs to the power of God. It belongs to the word of God. And anywhere that devil finds himself, we're going to stand as authoritative sons and daughters of God under a scriptural God-given authority and serve that devil eviction. Notice you've gone as far as you're going to go. [Applause] You say it's written over in St. John, I think if he abide in me and my word in you. See, the word abides in you. There it is. The word abides in you. Brother Jonah, am I reading that right? The word abides in you. You mean it don't just visit you at the altar? Come on, folks. It don't just visit you when you're singing or when the pastor's preaching, but the word abides. I can't sing, brother Tom, but I would right now. He abides. He abides. The word abides in you. See, then ask what you will and it might be done. Ask what you will, Brother Morgan, and it shall be done. Because it's not you, it's the word that's in you. The word maketh intercessions. I'm not going to preach all night, but I sure could. The word that's in you. Amen. In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God, and the word was made flesh. The word was made flesh and dwelt among us. God was manifested in the flesh. He was preached on and believed on by the Gentiles and he ascended into heaven. But folks, I'm closing. This ain't a headless body. This ain't a headless body. Just because he's not here in a corporal body does not give the devil right away to run over our families and to wreck our health and to wreck our nerves. He is here in the form of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Now it was word made flesh and dwelt among us. And now in the return of the Holy Spirit, he is bringing the word in us. Can I say it to you? And it's abiding in there, brother. I feel like shouting right now. The word is abiding in you. Did I read that right? Yes, sir. Then it's not you that speaks. Come on. It's the word itself coming out. Come on, church of the living God. That's why the walls of Jericho don't scare us. That's why the Red Sea don't stop us. That's why the lion's den don't bind us. That's why Philistines don't make us scared. Because we know we have come here under the anointing of the spoken word. Can I close on this? It's time to quit crying. It's time to speak. It's time to quit crying. It's time to speak. Come on, church of the living God. It ain't time to cry. You've cried and cried and cried and cried and cried. And ain't nothing changing. Ain't nothing going to change until you change their position. Well, I'll just cry. Amen. I believe in crying, but sometimes you got to start speaking. You got to speak. I'm trying not, young people, but y'all's pulling that Red Sea sermon right out of Are you hearing me? You got to speak sometimes. Sometimes you got to realize that it's time to dry your tears. Sometimes you got to realize what David said. Hallelujah. He said, "Weeping may endure for the night." Yes, sir. Yes, sir. But joy is coming in the morning. Hallelujah. I say to every son and daughter of God, you've had your midnight hour. You've had your weeping hour. You've had your prayer meeting hours. But joy is coming in the morning. The word is in the bride. And the bride has the mind of God. She has the sayith the Lord. And she speaks. She speaks. It's not you that speaks. It's the word itself coming out. So it the word will perform sir the work. Stand on your feet and give God praise tonight. So it the word will speak out of you, the church. Hallelujah. Can I say it? That's not uncertain, folks. There's no uncertain sound about that. There's no uncertain sound in my mind about John 14:12. Amen. There's not one uncertain sound in my mind about Mark 16. There's not one uncertain sound in my heart about Matthew 28:20. There's not one uncertain sound in my heart about Malachi 4. The word abides in you. Can I say this to you? I got here too late. But it's time to go up against your enemy. You've hid from him and backed up. And old Mr. Devil, if we could just if we could just get together and make a we could just get together and make a peace deal. I don't want to get in politics cuz I know I know some of y'all seen it. Trump and Zalinsky sitting there on the worldwide platform. Anybody see that? trying to work out a peace deal about the enemy. And Zalinsky looks over at Trump and says, "Well, your country and your conditions and this is going to happen to you all." Like Trump, what he said. He said, "You ain't got no right to talk about our country." Said, "Leave our country alone. We'll take care of it." And you know that's what the devil tell and I'm not but you that's what the devil tells you sometimes. The devil says now if you take a stand I'm going to tell you what's going to happen to you and your family and if you if you come against me I'm going to tell you what's going to happen to them grandb babies. But it's time to square your shoulders back like a son of God. Brother Jared, it's time to stand there and look that devil square in the face and say you ain't got no business talking about our church. You ain't got no business talking about what's going to happen. I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. I'm under a covenant of God. And there ain't no devil can change the fact that God is in his word and his word is abiding in his church. How many believes he's a never failing presence? How many believes the church, the living God will cast out devils? How many is ready not to say, "Devil, you've gone as far as you're going to go." [Music] Stop. Stop. [Music] Come on, folks. We've made it too complicated. We got to figure out some special word or some special way that we're going to speak and stop the stop. Remember one time, brother Tim Puit told me, we was over at the youth camp there and some of y'all was probably there that year. I think it was 2019. There was one demon manifestation after another after another after another. I think there was eight or nine or 10 in one [Music] night. Went to my they took me out to my room and I come back the next morning and sitting there talking to brother Tim and he said he said, "Well, there was one last chief demon that raised its head and he said that devil wasn't going to leave. believe it wasn't going to move. He said they were screaming and and hollering and putting pictures up and everything and and we believe in those things. He all know, brother Tim. I said, "Brother Tim," I said, "What in the world?" He said, "Well, a son of God just got to go take his position as a son of God." I said, "Well, what'd you do?" He said, "I just walked down there as a son of God and looked that spirit in the eyes and said, "Go. [Music] I said, "What happened?" He said, "It went." [Applause] He said, "It went." Now, y'all know what I'm talking about. People trying to work stuff up and they try to make something name. No. Go. Come on. You say, "Well, that's a seasoned preacher." Well, you're a seasoned believer. Come on. He don't have one Holy Ghost and you got another. The same Holy Ghost that Paul had is the same Holy Ghost you got. It's time to look that devil in the face and say, "Go. Go, boy. Go. Pack your bags. Get out of here. You've lived here as long as you're going to live. This is the church of the living God." Riding back home one year from youth camp on the bus and and a and a young girl on the and the a young girl there on the on the bus. Amen. Riding the back. A demon manifestation right there. And I'm not saying these things are scary. I'm telling you this your position. Demon raised his head right up there. Amen. crawling up and down on the back of the bus. And I'm telling you these things cuz I got a whole sermon on here. Maybe I'll get to it next time. We don't have to fear. That's right. This is not the the Bible says this is the house of God, right? The church of the living God. This is not the household of fear. It's the household of faith. You ain't got to fear this devil. He's a whipped puppy. He's a defeated being. Demon crawled up on the back. Brother went back there. He laid his hand over on that young girl. I never will forget it. He said, "Satan, in the name of Jesus, I adure you as the son of God, come out of this child of God and leave her alone in the name of Jesus." He got off that bus at a rest stop and that demon, Brother was right. He said, "Then demons go float in different places." He said, "I walked in the bathroom." He said, "I was washing my hands." And he said, "Right behind me, that demon appeared." And he said, "That demon appeared in a physical form and looked at me and said, now you cast me out and you're here, but your family's at home by itself." I I get chills thinking about it. He turned around. He said, "But in the name of the Lord Jesus that I cast you out by, you go to my house and you'll meet that God there." And brother, that brother Jared, that demon flew like that out of there. Amen. I'm not crazy, folks. It's a reality. We have a certainty. We're going to preach the gospel and sick are going to be healed. We're going to preach the gospel and devils are going to be cast out. Sister Nish, we're going to preach the gospel and miracles are going to take place. [Music] It's the certainty of the church of the living God. Y'all have heard me testify that I can't get off of them. Stand there in New Zealand. I won't give you the whole testimony, but laid my hand on a girl, laid my hand on her and prayed for her, and that demon spoke right out of her and said like that and said, I said, "I cast you out in the name of the Lord, by the word of the Lord." And that demon spoke out and said, "What word?" Come on, brother. Matt, I reached over and grabbed a Bible and I handed it over to a sister and I said, "Since you laid this Bible on that girl's body and she laid that Bible over on her body and I said, "In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, who wrote that word, sent me here to preach that word and I cast you out in the name of Jesus." And before these eyes, I watched the power of God deliver that young girl. And she stood up on her feet and she began to say, "I'm free. I'm free. I'm free. Hallelujah. This ain't an organization. This is the church of the living God with the message of God. And he's right here in this building tonight. Almighty God, we bow our hearts in your presence, Lord. Lord, these are not just church members. Lord, these are not just human beings taking up space on planet Earth. Lord, these are not just citizens of a state and of a county living in a home. But Lord, these are your predestinated children. These are the sons and daughters that you forneew from before the foundation of the world and sent them into this age to testify of your greatness, of your majesty, of your authority, of your power, of your anointing, of your love, of your grace, of your mercy, of your kindness, of your faithfulness, of your goodness. Now, Father, we lay our we lay our hands at your feet tonight, Lord. We surrender ourselves before you tonight. Lord, not coming before an idol, but coming before the living God, who is the head of this living church. Father, your prophet said the word of God would revolve right out of God into sons and daughters of God. Now, Lord, I know these young people are facing enemies. These families are facing enemies. Lord, bodies here tonight that's got sicknesses in them are facing enemies. But Lord, I stand here tonight as a minister of the gospel of Mark 16. As a son of God, as a minister of the church of the living God, we stand here tonight shouldertosh shoulder recognizing the word is in us. And it's not us speaking, but it's the word speaking itself out of us. Lord, by your by your grace and your anointing, we take our position tonight and we look at the enemy and say, "Stop. Stop. You've gone as far as you're going to go." Father, I pray tonight that every believer here tonight, Lord, if there's one that's been beat down by the enemy, oppressed, struggling, Lord, Father, may this be their liberation hour. Lord, may this be the hour they realize their position in the church of the living God. Lord, we thank you for this message. We thank you for the power of God. We thank you for the revelation. Lord, these are the people. These are the people that you said would be strong and they would know you and they would do great exploits. Father, move among us tonight. Maybe some right here tonight suffered in this building, in their bodies. We say, "Stop, Satan, in the name of Jesus." In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, they shall lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover. They shall cast out devils in my name. the church of the living God. God was manifested in the flesh. I want you right now to lay your hand on someone standing next to you. We're going to fulfill Mark 16 right here tonight. You are the church of the living God, the people. You know your God. You know him tonight. You know him tonight. As we pray right now, I want you to use your voice as the church of the living God. And I want you to join in prayer with us. And let's pray one for another. Almighty God, Lord, as a as a universal body of believers, as a mystical body of Christ. Lord, we gather here tonight on this Wednesday evening service to worship you and Lord to honor you in the power of your resurrection. Lord, to acknowledge what you've done in this generation by fulfilling your word and vindicating the promises of it. Lord, we don't gather here just to fulfill a religious duty tonight, Lord. Father, we're not here to be entertained or we're not here to be seen or to be heard, but Lord, we're here to do business with the devil. We're here to take our position in the word of God. We're here to believe you, Lord. We're here to worship you, oh God. Now, Lord, as these believers have fulfilled the promise of your word, Lord, I didn't say it. Brother Brandham didn't say it. Our pastor didn't say it, but Lord, you said it. You said they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Father, as these Holy Ghost filled believers are fulfilling the word, you said, "I am the vine. Ye are the branches." Lord, you said, "I will throw myself over into them." Lord, you have thrown the promises of your word into the flesh of these believers here tonight. So, Lord, as they lay their hands upon one another, may the spirit of God begin to move throughout this building, oh God. Lord, may it begin to remove sicknesses, oh God. Lord, may it begin to rebuke discouragements, Father. May it begin to rebuke oppressions and depressions, Father. May the power of the Holy Ghost, the same spirit that raised my Lord from the dead, may it begin to overshadow this audience here tonight. Father, may your word begin to discern the spirits and the thoughts and intents of the heart. Oh God, may you move tonight for our families, Lord. Father, you see our sister Leah there at home, Lord. Amen. Recovered from this operation. and the may the may the power of the Holy Ghost may the angel of God go to her home right now. Father, you see our our brother Randall, our sister Joyce there, Lord. May the angel of God go to their home, Lord. Sister Sherry, Father, Lord, all the believers that are not here tonight for whatever reason, Lord. May the power of the Holy Ghost go to them, Lord. Father, for the sick ones, Lord, Lord, may this be the day their disease ends. May this be the day the sickness stops, Father, for those that are growing cold on you, Lord. Father, may the power of God search them out in the land today. Lord, may you shake them, oh God. May you shake them from the cares of the world. Lord, we're here as a body, Lord. We're here as a family of believers, oh God, to do to do the word of God, to do the will of God. Oh, bind us together, Lord. May you knit this body of believers, Father. May you knit Grace Tabernacle, Amen, so strong together in the love of God that there would be no room for the devil. There would be no room for the devil in relationships. there would be no room for the devil and friendships. Oh God, Father, bind this church together, Lord. Bind us together under the oposes of the word. Fill us with the love of God. Lord, Father, may every joint supply, Lord. May every member of the body be accounted for. Lord, may there not be one growing discouraged or weary in their position. Father, may they recognize in their position they're the most powerful force on the face of the earth. And Lord, out of their position, chaos has room. Father, tonight Lord, may we stay in our positions, God. May you bless our members, oh God. May you bless the musicians, Father. May you bless the song leaders, Lord. May you bless our pastor, dear God. Oh God, may you pour out your anointing upon him like never before to stand behind this pullpit and to preach the definite identification of the church of the living God. Oh father, I pray for every Sunday school teacher, every officer, every deacon, every trustee, Lord. Amen. every every believer, every member of this assembly, Father, for every preacher, Lord. Oh God, I bind the spirit of discouragement. I bind the spirit of heaviness, Lord. Father, these men of God that carry the ark of a covenant upon their shoulders, Father, may you visit them, Lord. May you encourage them. May you reveal yourself to them, oh God. Lord, I pray for our young people in this church, Lord. Father, may they see, Lord, that they have seen you, oh God. They have seen you in your appearing. They have seen you in the revelation of your word. Now Lord, may you fill every fiber of their being, oh God, may you may you make them such a such a trophy of your grace, such a walking billboard, Lord, that when they go to their schools or wherever they go, Father, may they see the church of the living God on display in the flesh of our young people, Lord. Father, may this be more than just an assembly of gatherings of people, Lord. May this be a place of the greater works, Lord. Father, may this be a place. Hallelujah. Lord God, may this be a place where the power of God falls. Oh, it may be despised. The world may drive by and laugh at us here on the side of a dirt road, but it's reliable, Lord. Thank you, Lord. It's reliable. Lord, you give us a place that's reliable. It's a place we can come no matter what we're going through. can just get in your presence. We know you'll speak, Lord. We know you'll speak. We know you'll speak. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God, may we never take for granted what you've given us here, Lord. Father, may it never become common to us, Lord. May it never just become going to church. May it never become just going over there on Sunday or I'll go old Wednesday. Oh God, don't ever let it become that way or this is a spiritual church. It's a spiritual place. May it ever remain that Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I wonder tonight just want to raise your hands and say thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. I'm not preaching grace tabernacle is the mystical universal body, but it's a part of it. I wonder how many tonight just say thank you, Lord. Thank you for this assembly. Thank you for our pastor, Lord. Thank you for the Holy Ghost leadership that you've placed here, Lord. Thank you for these men of God, these ministering brethren in the church. Thank you for them, Lord. Thank you for them, God. Thank you for these singers. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we're blessed, friends. The message of the hour has blessed us. I wonder tonight you just take a moment and praise him right now. I know I know it's Wednesday and I know it's getting late, but just praise him for just a moment right now. Lord, I thank you. Lord, I thank you for a place that no matter what I'm going through, I'll hear the message. No matter what kind of report I just received from the doctor, I'll hear that you're still Jehovah Rafa. I'll hear that you're still a healer and I worship you. Oh, I know you may be discouraged tonight, but I wonder, could you just lift your hands up to him and say, "Lord, I worship you. I praise you tonight, oh God, and magnify you in the church of the living God. Praise is comely to those worship is due unto your name. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As our pastor comes tonight. God bless you friends. We love you. We love you. The love of the Lord. You hold it all together. God of my pres, [Music] you write my story. You hold it all together. God of the present, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. God of my present, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. God of my presence, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. God of my presence, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. [Music] You come at the right time when I least expect it. Never behind. So why would I be surprised when you deliver me every time? For you are God of my presence, God of my future. You write my story. You hold it all together. You are the alpha. You are omega. You're the god of the middle. And you hold it all [Music] together. You are welcome in this place. Mighty God. You're welcome in this place. Aba father you are. You are welcome in this place. You are welcome in this place. Mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Heaven Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. As I come into your presence, oh, pass the gates of grace, into your sanctuary till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. And I can only bow. Amen. Thank you, Lord. and say, "Oh my, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. The Father and you are worthy of all praise. To you are lives. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, and you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place of a father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we praise. You are awesome in this place. mighty God. As I come into your presence, oh pass the gates of praise, into your sanctuary till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace and I can holy bow down and say you are awesome in this place mighty God and you are awesome in this place of the fatherhood and you are worthy of all praise To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place of a father and you are worthy of all praise. To you are lives and praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. For you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Thank you Lord this place father. You are worthy of our praise. Oh you are life. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise and you are life's praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, as I come into your presence into your sanctuary, we're sending face to face. I look upon your count, see the fullness of your grace. And I can only bow down and you may say that you are awesome in this place. Mighty [Music] God. You are you're awesome in this place. Father, you are worthy of our praise. And to you are lives praise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Can you sing it to him tonight? You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place. The Father, you are worthy of all praise. Oh, to you are lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome. Awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place of a father. Lord, you are worthy of all praise. To you are life's praise. You are awesome in this place by and you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. [Music] I know that God, he will make a way. When there seems when there seems to be no way forever he is faithful and he will make a road when [Music] you know I know God will make away. For I know God will make a way when there seems to be no way. Ever he is faithful and will make a ro when you bear a heavy load. I know God will make a way. Must have felt strange to end up stranded between an army and the sea. Must have felt forsaken. Wondered why God wasn't all he said he'd be. But when your back's against the wall and the hardest place of all somewhere between provision and [Music] impossibility, oh God will make a way when there seems to be no way. Forever he is faithful. He will make a road when you bear a heavy load. I know God will make way. [Music] Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? How many say, "I am the church of the living God." Go ahead and say it. I am the church of the living God. Go ahead, everybody, and just say it one time. I am the church of the living God. And my head is Jesus Christ. Ain't that right? We're God's church. Everywhere you go, you're the church of the living God. Now, what a testimony that we have to bear who we are. the testimony of Jesus Christ. Do you love the Lord tonight? How many enjoyed that message? Amen. I think it's powerful. Amen. Just to remind you who you are. I we sometimes you just have to have the the courage to stand and look at the devil and tell him who you are. We spend enough time listening to him tell us who we are. All kinds of lies that he tells us. You're a failure. You're a nobody. You're a quitter. You're a you're a backslider. everything he can tell you. But you can look right at and say, "I am the church of the living God. I was called by God before the foundation of the world. My name was written on the lamb's book of life." And what it can never be erased. Nothing you can do to ever take it off. Nothing I can do to ever mess it up. I'm the church of the living God. I'm the bride of Jesus Christ. Isn't it wonderful to be a part of that? I think we I think we need to just be who we are, a Holy Ghost fil body of believers. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Won't you give him another hand clap of praise? Can we sing this? Can we sing this song just before we go? [Music] Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. My fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, Jerusalem was a shaking. When Pentecost had arrived and upper room experience, they were drunk on the new wine. Well, Jesus stood up. They knew there was no doubt. Then the Holy Ghost fire. It made them dance and shout. It's like fire shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost and fire shut up in my bones. It's like fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, from his mother's belly, he was born to prophesy the prophet Jeremiah. He would lift his voice and cry. Be quiet, folks. Commanded, "Shut up. Leave us alone." But how can you be quiet when there's fire in your bones? It's like fire. Shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost and fire. Shut up in my bones. It's like fire. [Music] [Applause] into an open sle upon Elijah's bone. The dead man resurrected and he ran back to his home. And when he tells the story, well, you can hear him say, "I found a holy power while I was laying in a dead man's grave. It's like fire." Well, we may as well be free tonight. Holy Ghost and fire shut up in my bones. Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, some people get offended because I leave a child. They say too much emotion and there's too much moving about. But don't tell me to be silent or to sit down in my pew. Cuz if you met who I met, then you'd be shouting too. Well, it's like fire. It's shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost and fire shut up in my bones. Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, some people get offended because release and shout. They say too much emotion, there's too much moving about. But don't tell me to be quiet or to sit down in my pew. I got the blood of Jesus and I'll be shouting through. It's like fire shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost and fire. [Music] [Applause] [Music] It's like fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. fire shut up in my bones. Well, you may as well praise the Lord. We're in church anyhow. There's something on the inside of me that's burning, looking for a way out. You remember what it was like when you gave your heart to the Lord. I say, Lord, restore unto me the joy of my salvation. when he took me out of sin's chains and delivered me from out of bondage. When when I thought I all the things of the world I couldn't get off of me, but in the presence of God, all of a sudden, he took them away and set my soul on fire. It makes me want to praise God. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Turn around and tell somebody, "I've got a fire that's been shut up in my bones." We We may as well let it out. We may as well let it out. Brother Mark, you may as well. Somebody, you feel like saying hallelujah, you ought to be able to say hallelujah. You ought to be able to say, "Praise God." You ought to be able to be bound by the devil. You ought to be able to lift your hands freely in the house of God and say, "Praise God. Thank you for delivering me. He's a mighty God and he's worthy to be praised." Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost and fire shut up in my bones. Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. The fire shut up in my bones. I said some people get offended because we leave your shout. They say too much emotion, there's too much moving about. But don't tell me to be quiet. Lord, sit down in my pew. Cuz if you knew what I knew, then you'd be shouting to my fire shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost and fire shut up in my bones. Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, it was in the sea. The warmness hatched in. The churches put the fire away that was supposed to be with them. In the spirit of Elijah, he called God's children out. By the message of the hour, the bride begins to shout. It's like fire. Sh my holy ghost fire like fire. Oh, shut in my fire. Yes. Shut up in my belly like fire shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost fire shut up in my bones. Like fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, I came to church on Wednesday and I'd had a hard week. Well, the devil, he came by, tried to keep me in my seat. But I heard the preacher preaching. God's word was within me. So I just raised up anyway. And let the word begin to speak. It's like fire shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost fire shut up in my I said it's like fire. Well, shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, some people get offended because we leave child. They say too much emotion. There's too much moving about. Well, don't you tell me to be silent or to sit down in my pew. Cuz if you knew what I knew, then you'd be shouting. Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. Holy Ghost fire shut up in my bones. Well, it's like fire shut up in my bones. Fire shut up in my bones. Well, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. I said it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Jesus, it's keeping me alive. God bless you tonight as you go. Down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. I got it down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Well, it's like fire. Oh, it's like Holy Ghost fire in my bones. It's like fire in my fire in my bones. You got to move. You got to move. You got to move. You got to move. You got to move. You got to move. You got to move. Well, when the Lord is, you got to move. Well, they told Daniel in the lion's den. He did not worry. Cuz when the Lord is ready, you got to move.
