################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - Pastor Matt Morse  A Night of Prayer Brings A Day of Deliverance 9-14-25 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-14
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse | A Night of Prayer Brings A Day of Deliverance| 9-14-25
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBst-jMdMWY
========================================

[Music] Christ forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven means. Oh, let's all sing that chorus together. Let's all stand. Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder? Oh, and we join the throne above the glassy sea. Oh, and we'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, let's sing that first verse. Oh, it's a country where no twice thy shadows. [Music] Oh, unending day where not shall never be. Oh, a city where no more clouds ever gather. Oh, and this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, sing it to him now. Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder? [Music] Oh, and we join the throng upon the glassy seas. I know we'll join our love one and crown Christ forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven means. Oh, a place where there's no misunderstandings. Oh, a place where there are no misunderstandings. And from all enity and strife we're free. Oh no unkind words which rules the heart are spoken. Oh and this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, and what will it be when we get over yonder? Oh, when we join the throng upon the glassy sea. Oh, we'll join our love ones and count Christ forever. [Music] Oh, and this is just what heaven means. Oh, let's sing this last verse now. Oh, and when at last we see the face of Jes. Oh, it'll be worth it after all. Now, oh, before whose image others all will flee. Oh, and when they crown him Lord of all, I'll be there. Oh, for this is just. Oh, hallelujah. Sing it to him now. And I say, what will it be when we get over yonder? [Music] Oh, and we join the throne upon the glassy sea. [Music] Oh, we'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, I say this is just what heaven. Oh, let's sing that third verse just once more now. Oh, and when at last We sing of my Jesus. Oh, before whose image others all will flee. Oh, and when they crown him Lord of all, I'll be there. Oh, and this is just what heaven means to me. I say, what will it be when we get over yonder? Oh, when we join the throng upon the glassy sea. Oh, we'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven. Oh, sing the chorus just once more now. I say, what will it be? We get over yonder. Oh, when we join the throne upon the glassy sea. Oh, we'll join our love ones and crown rise forever. I say this is just what heaven means. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful there's a land we're going to where there's no enmity, no strife. We'll just be praising the Lord one with another. Certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord. We some visitors here each one. Good to have you here. Those that are live stream ask that the Lord would just come and just enter your house and you would just enter into worship. Brother Brian, will you open the service in the word of prayer this [Music] [Music] Lordship [Music] and truth that every bit of our worship Lord is pleasing to you Lord. that you would just [Music] open up our ears that we can hear that we can draw so close to you. Lord, heal the brokenhearted. Lord, save the lost Lord and heal the sick, Lord. Your word this morning that it lives before us. ask you for the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. As you take your seats, why don't you turn around? Just shake your neighbor's hands. Don't go walking around. I know. I know. We walk around and shake each other's hands, but I realize Wednesday night, you know, I do it for you guys. And whenever Brother Matt comes out, he does it so I can walk around and shakes everybody's hand. So, how are you happy to be a Christian this morning? How many happy to be in the house of the Lord this? Let's sing that song. Ain't God give us so many blessings? Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings. Undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love, and praise him a little more today. Oh, if God's been good to you, put your hands together. Oh, cuz ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more. I'll sing it again now. Oh, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Cuz ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and ought to sing it once more now. Oh, ain't God good? He gives us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and all our love. Cuz every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusting it in his love divine. Cuz every promise in the book is, do you believe it? That every promise in the book, it is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. And I am trusting in his love divine cuz every promise in the book. Oh, just sing it once more. Yes. Every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. And I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the world is mine. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Can you say it's mine and this world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven's open doors. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you if heaven's not my home. And Lord, what will I do? The angels beckoning me from heaven's open doors. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And they're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. And I know he'll see me through. Though I am weak at home and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? And the angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Just over in the glory lane will live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. And the songs of sweetest praise drip back from heaven shore. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? And the angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Just over in the glory land will live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. Sweetest praise. D from heaven shore. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? And the angels beck in me from heaven's open doors. And I can't fill that home. I'll sing the course once more. And oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, oh, what will I do? And the angels beckoning me from heaven's open doors. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Cuz soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, and no more crying there. We are going to see the king. There'll be no crying there. We are going to see the king. Oh, no more crying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, no more sickness. There we are going to see the king. Oh, no more sickness. There we are going to see the king. Oh no more sickness. There we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They're going no more dying there. Oh no more dying there. We are going to see the king. Oh no more dying there. We are going to see the king. Oh no more dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Oh, let's all stand and sing. Soon and very soon. For soon and very soon, we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll sing it once more as the brothers come to the offering. Very soon we are going to see the king. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, give Lord Hank a praise this morning. Aren't you glad soon and very soon? Amen. Also, just remember, brother Mark is up in Salem ministering this morning. Brother Andrew is up in Canada. So, just remember them in prayer. Brother Mark, can we pray over the offering to those brothers? [Music] And my God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. My God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he Oh, if you believe he's alive, just sing it to him now. Oh yes, my God's not dead. Oh, he is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. My gods are dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he singing once more now. I'm singing God. He is alive. Oh, God. He is alive. My God. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. And he's all over me. And he's keeping me alive. Oh, he's keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. For my Jesus is keeping me I'll sing it again now. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. Oh, he's keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. Oh, my Jesus is keep Oh, it's that Holy Ghost of fire. It's that Holy Ghost of fire and he's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. It's that Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh my Jesus. Oh, I've got it down in my heart. Oh yes, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. Yes, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh my Jesus. Oh, that old devil doesn't like it, but it's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. That old devil doesn't like it, but it's keeping me alive. Oh my Jesus. I'll sing that verse once more now. Oh, that old devil doesn't like it, but it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. That old devil doesn't lie, but it's keeping me alive. My Jesus, well, he's all over me. Sister Destiny, forgot. He's all over me and he's keeping me alive. Oh, he's keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. Oh my Jesus is keeping I'll sing it just once more. Oh yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. Oh, he's keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. Oh my Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, give Lord a hand clap of praise. [Music] Lord, you brought me through sorrow and pain. You were there every time that I fall. You reached down and lifted me out of sin and shame. Oh tonight, Lord, let me have a fall. Let me fall in love with you. over again. Let me know you as never before. Let me hear your tender voice saying, "Let me come. Let me will I open the door [Music] and fall in love with you all over again. Let me know you as never before. Let me hear your tender voice saying let me come in. Let me will open the door. I've walked through the winterest coldest steam of the spring time brought strength to stand tall. Oh, but too long the summer without any rain. was left Lord that you have fall [Music] in love with you again. Let me know you as never before. I hear your tender voice saying let me come in. Let me willly open the door. [Music] I've been traveling this road now for many long years. I've been watching and listening for your call. I've crossed many rivers. I've climbed mountain so tall. Still my prayer, Lord, is to have a great fall. Oh, let me fall in love with you all over again. Let me know you as never before. Let me hear your tender voice and let me come in. And we will open the door. [Music] had a lot of troubles in my weary life man. When the joy gets tough and the battle gets hot, I always do the best I can. I never had a trouble or trial that I knew I couldn't get through. Jesus is always there to help. He can help you, too. He can help you, too. One more to cross. One more mountain to climb. One more battle that I got to go through. Leaving my troubles behind. One more battle with the devil. And I know you'll understand. I'm going through with Jesus. Hallelujah. Hold to his star name. Oh, it just start. Well, I've had a lot of people talk about me since I walk this stair away, but it's just another little valley that I come through when I pray. I've climbed a lot of high mountains and I crossed a lot of little streams. When I see old Jordan, cold and dark, that'll be the last for me. That'll be the last for me. One more valley to cross. Oh, one more valley that I got to go through. I'm leaving my troules now. One more battle with the devil. I know you understand. I'm going through Jesus. Hallelujah. Scar to nail scar. Hey. Well, I had a lot of people talk about me since I walk this way. It's just another little valley that I come through when I pray. I fly a lot of high mountains and across the lot of little streams with a sea old Jordan. That'll be the last for me. That'll be the last for me. Well, one more cross. One more. One more. Leave my troules behind. Oh, one more battle with the devil and I know he'll ever say. Oh, I'm going through with Jesus. But I've got one more river to cross. Oh, one more mountain to climb. Oh, one more mountain that I got to go through. Leave my troules behind. Oh, one more battle with the devil. And I know he'll understand. Oh, I'm going through more now cuz I've got one more river to cross. One more battle to one more battle that I got to go through. I my troules tonight. One more battle with the devil that I know he'll understand. Oh, I'm going through with Jesus. Hallelujah. Holy Ghost garden. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning for the West. Aren't you thankful we got one more valley to cross? Soon it'll all be over. Amen. You may have your seats. [Music] &gt;&gt; I don't know why anybody would do a guy that way. My goodness. I ain't sang this in forever. He's going to put me up behind those two. Uh, no, for real though, this song is my testimony. Really, it has been for years and years. If y'all know it, sing it with me. I stood in the courtroom. The judge turned my way. Said, "Looks like you're guilty now. What do you say?" I spoke of your I have no defense. But that's when mercy walked in. Oh, mercy walked in and pleaded. My keys was called to the stand was God's saving grace. The blood was presented. It covered my sins. Forgiven when mercy walked in. I stood there and wondered, "How could this be that someone so guilty just been set free? Oh, as my chains were broken and I was born again. It was the moment that mercy walked in. [Music] Oh, mercy walked in and pleaded my case. called to the stand was God's saving grace to love was presented that covered my sin forgiven when mercy walked [Music] What is it? The courtroom. The judge turned my way. It looks like you're guilty. Now what do you say? [Music] You're on. I have no defense. &gt;&gt; It was the moment that mercy walked in. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's all stand and sing it together now. Oh mercy walked in and pleaded in my hand [Music] called to the saint was God's saving grace. The blood was presented and you covered my sins. forgiven when mercy walked in. I stood there and wondered. I stood there in one how could this be? &gt;&gt; Oh, think about it. How &gt;&gt; if someone so guilty had just been set free? My and my chains were broken and I was born again. It was the moment God's mercy walked in. Aren't you thankful for mercy walked in and pleaded in my call to the stand was God's saving grace. The blood was presented and covered my sins, forgiven when mercy walked in. &gt;&gt; Oh, give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful this mercy walked in, stood on your behalf, and said, "You're not guilty." Oh, he's certainly so good to us today. So, we get ready to invite our pastor to come and bring the word. Let's just sing that little song. Because he lives. Because He lives. And because He lives, I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he lives. Oh, all fear is gone. Oh, all fear is gone. Because I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Sing it again now. And because he lives. Oh, I could face to go because he all fear is gone. All fear is gone. And because I hope behold the future [Music] and life is worth the living just because he lives. In one day soon, I'm going to cross the river and last final war. The final war will rage. And in this flesh, it'll give way to victory. [Music] And I'll see the light of glory. And I'll know my savior lives. Yes. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all my fear is gone. And because I know, yes, I know, he holds the future. And life is worth the living just because of me. Oh, my life is worth living just because he lives. [Music] Amen. How many believes that this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. And the only reason that we have a life worth living is because of what Christ has already done for us. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Just say it's good to be in the house of the Lord. And certainly a a privilege just to be able to come and fellowship around the word of God. And want to welcome everyone here this morning, all of our uh church and visitors as well. And just trust that the Lord would be able to say something that would be a help to you. May we just bow our heads this morning before we open the word. And if you have something on your heart that you'd like the Lord to do and I know that God is certainly more than able. So we just want to rely upon him this morning and he knows all the answers. He knows what we have need of. And so we just want God to have his way. So let's just pray together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, I just say it's a privilege this morning, Lord, to come together in a building with the saints of God. And Lord, just to feel your spirit moving about this place. And Lord, what a a special anointing Lord is here this morning. God, we just thank you for being in our midst. Lord, we thank you for all that you do for us. Lord, we thank you for your word. And God, we thank you for your presence among your church. Lord, we just ask you this morning that you would move among the body. And Lord, I pray that you would meet every heart. And God, I pray you would meet every need. Those that would need healing, Lord, I pray that you would heal their bodies. Lord, those that need deliverance, Lord. May you deliver them, God. Whatever it is we have need of, Lord, I know that we have many gone today. And Lord, we just ask you to bless our ministering brothers, Lord, as they're ministering. And Lord, uh that the churches that they are at, Lord, would be blessed. And Lord, I pray for those that are homesick, Lord, that you would bring them back. And Lord, we just ask you now that you would touch the church this morning in a special way. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. How many loves the Lord this morning? Amen. We're sure glad to be in the house of the Lord. God bless y'all. Thank you. Uh we're going to read out of the book of Psalms this morning in the book of uh uh the 119th chapter and we'll read out of the 59th verse. So Psalms 119 and 59. Uh give you a moment just to turn there and then also we would like to read out of the book of Acts in the 16th chapter. So uh Psalms 119 and 59. We'll start there. Amen. When you get there just say amen. sure enjoyed the service uh Wednesday and and the Sunday before. God's just really uh good to us and I sure love to be able to come. I after the service Wednesday night, we uh had a little singing after church and had several that stayed over and singing and spirit lord was just moving. We done that for about an hour and then we had about an hourlong testimony service on the first uh two pews. So, it was it was way up in the middle of the night when we all left. But we just really appreciate the presence of God and seeing young people on fire for the Lord and and I certainly I can't think of anything greater. It's a uh it it really makes you uh feel uh like you're you're doing something to make an impact in somebody's life whenever you can see young people with a zeal to do something for God. Isn't that true? You just see so many young people in this world today and uh they have zeals to do other things. But to see a young people that wants to do something for the Lord, it just touches my heart. So I want to read this morning uh Psalms 119 and 59. Just something the Lord has put on my heart. And David said, "I thought on my ways and turned my feet unto thy testimonies. I made haste and delayed not to keep thy commandments. The bands of the wicked have robbed me, but I have not forgotten thy law. and at midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments. I'd also like to read out of the book of Acts the 16th chapter and we'll read in the 23rd verse. Acts 16 and 23. We'll read down to the 26th verse. The Bible says, "And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailer to keep them safely, who having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks." And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and they sang praises unto God, and the prisoners heard them, and suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the earth uh the prison were shaken, and immediately all the doors were opened and everyone's bands were loosed. We'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing uh to the reading of word this morning. As you take your seats, I want to take these two scriptures and uh uh use as a a connection between them. Uh I'd like to speak on this subject this morning. On a night of prayer brings a day of deliverance. A night of prayer brings a day of deliverance. Now, I believe our I certainly appreciate our church and uh uh the power of God in the church. How many appreciates that? I I appreciate the spirit of revival and and the atmosphere that is in the building. This is a church that is charged with the spirit of God. And uh I I can't think of a better place I'd rather be this morning than right here. And uh uh and being able to be in fellowship with you all. And uh such a such a great atmosphere in the church. And and the reason is is because we make the word of God the preeminence for the church. It don't it don't we don't hold nothing back, Brother Brian. So if it's if it's corrective, we just take it and say amen. If it's a revival, we just take it and say amen. If it's encouraging, we just take it and say amen. So we make the word of God a preeminence. We ain't worried about feelings and and how uh how that we would feel about what God has to say. Nothing like that. We uh the only thing we care about is the word of God having preeminence over our life. How many believes that? See, that's the kind of church that we have and that's the reason we have the kind of spirit we have in the church. And so our our desire is that we want to be the best Christians that we can be. How many say that I we want to have the best church that we can have. And you know I believe that ought to be the desire of any church. And you know brother Brandon was actually speaking of the Pentecostal condition. And he preached a message called getting into the spirit. And he would say this. He said, "We put too much on mountaintop experiences of dancing and shaking and jumping around instead of all night prayer meetings down in the valley of decision where you have to come down there and meet God and really pour out your life until something takes place." See, there's many that are looking for revival. They're looking for a move of God and a move of the spirit of God. And they and we love to dance and we love to shout and we love to uh we love to have that experience. But here, brother Ram was actually given the recipe how to bring that true Pentecostal experience into the church. He said it's one where we can get back to all night prayer meetings, get down in the valley of decision and come down in a place to really meet God. And so we realize that this is very needed because we're living in the age of Leodysia. How many knows that? And in how many knows what the age of Leoa is? And the the Bible would say Leodysa was the age of spiritual lukewarmness. It was when the church was neither cold nor hot. and and God said, "But I will spew you out of my mouth." So, I'm thankful today that when we're living in this spirit of Leoa that that we have a message today that identify what it was that brought coldness into the church. So, we don't have to just have a cold church because we know what brings coldness into the church. So, we don't have to settle for formalism and coldness and and lukewarmness and all that things all those things. So, we know what brings coldness into the church and we know what the church has to do to keep coldness out. But remember said, "See, when we see our churches cooling down and those things not happening," he said, "you have to wait until some special evangelist comes into town or something and beat on a few tambourines to to work up a little emotion." But God isn't in that. Said, "But I'll tell you what we need today is a back to an old Bible again. Back to an oldfashioned Pentecostal teaching of the Bible. Back to the Bible to the Holy Ghost. Back to the power of God. back to all night prayer meetings where they're hungering and thirsting for God. That's what we need tonight in our churches. How many believes that? I believe I I think I'm so glad that we're a part of a church that still believes that. I I'm glad to be a part of a church that has people that that labor spiritually for the body of Christ. Our elders in our church, they labor. They spend all night and days and praying and laboring for the church and are laboring for the body. They seek God for the needs of the young people and the families and and those that are in trouble there. Uh we have so many that labor for the Lord. And you know, I had somebody ask me, you know, about our church and how our church had been so blessed and how far along we've came in such a short period of time and and uh and would say that, you know, that I've never seen uh a church in the United States that has grown at at at the at the the way that that this church has grown and in in in such a a period of time that it has. and and you know and what what would cause a church to grow that way. And I thought, you know, you could say, well, was it the preaching or was it the singing or was it the testimony or what wasn't all this? But the reality is I attribute all of the growth of our entire church to the elders that are laying in prayer for the body of Christ. I It comes from prayer. It comes from real elders that are truehearted and and real men and women of God that will take the time to lay in prayer before God asking for the spirit of God to come amongst the church of the living. You want to know why you have a revival? It's because somebody was laying in prayer and praying for a revival and they they let the things of the world go by and all the things of the flesh go by and they would get alone with God. And I know what people say, well, brother M, you put too much emphasis on prayer. But you know what? Honestly, I don't think we put enough on it. You, brother said, when you go to praying for somebody, something takes place. He said, and that's where we fail is not praying. It because prayer is the key note. It don't matter what your situation is this morning. And that's the answer to it is to lay in prayer before God and lay and ask God for the answer and ask God for direction. For the Bible said, "Ask and you shall receive and you have not because you ask not. And you ask not because you believe not. And ask in abundance that your joy may be full." The whole Bible tells us to pray to God and get an answer from God. It don't it don't matter what what it is that you're praying for or what situation that you're in, but the answer is to lay in prayer before God and find the answer uh to what what your need is. He said, see, and when you ask, believe. And when you ask and believe, then hold on to it and don't leave it. For if it's a promise that's in the Bible and it's been revealed to you that God is going to give it to you, then you just hold on to it. Somebody say hold on to it. So, it doesn't matter what it is or how long ago it was. I'm not going to go through the whole Bible this morning. I could tell you testimonies for the next 100 hours about people that prayed for something that didn't come for years or months or many years down the road. He said, "But it didn't matter. If God gave you a promise, you hold on to it until it comes to pass. Hold on to the promise of God." You know, I think it's so easy to get wrapped up in the things of the world. And it's so easy to get comfortable in the world and let our guard down and let the things of this uh this life begin to creep in or seep in uh into our life. And you know, brother B would talk about that and say how how that that that when the world becomes to begins to creep into the church or comes to creep into your life. He said don't let the world get into your churches. He said well how how will I keep it out? He said you're going to pray it out. &gt;&gt; How you going to keep the world out of my life? You're going to pray it out. He said, "You pray and fast until God comes down and takes a hold." That's right. Keep the joy of the Lord among the saints. Keep them prayed up and guard every little place. You see, that's what Noah would have done if a leak was trying to get into the ark. Noah would have took the pitch and he would blocked up the hole so that there wasn't no water or no leak that could come into the ark. He said, "That's the same way it is in the church of the living God or or in any believer's life. Whenever there's a leak or something that's trying to infiltrate your life or a spirit that's trying to infiltrate the church, he said, "What do you do about it?" Then you pray to God because prayer is what stops the leak. You pray and let God change things. That's the only way to do it. It's prayer. I believe the Bible teaches us that prayer changes things. How many say amen? He said, "I believe it's the prayer of faith that saves the sick. It's prayer. It it means it don't matter what the situation. It don't matter how bad it looks. Sister Cindy, you pray and prayer changes things. Prayer is the answer. It It's prayer that brings lost loved ones home. It's prayer that brings your children that have been out in the world that brings them back to God. You could tell a story about what they done and how they found a place and how they found deliverance and how they wandered off off of that that downward path and they and they finally found a place and altar to come back to God. And you can say, well, all these wonderful things that took place in their life and somebody witnessed to them and somebody testified or they heard a word at the right time and that was the reason. But friends, the real reason is behind all of that, there was somebody that was praying and asking God to intercede there. There was somebody that was praying. That's the reason they met the testimony. That's the reason they heard the preaching of the word. That's the reason they found their theirelves at an altar somewhere is because there was a praying person somewhere, a praying mama or a praying daddy or a praying church. Somebody was craving praying for the move of God in that person's life. So, see, it's prayer that changes things. It don't matter how bad it looks. It's prayer is the answer. I believe there's power in prayer this morning. How many say there's power in prayer? If you need healing, there's power in prayer. If you need deliverance, there's power in prayer. If you need your joy, there's power in prayer. If you need salvation, there's power in prayer. If you're having trouble in your in your home and finances, there's power in prayer. If there's trouble in your marriage, there's power in prayer. If there's problems in your family, there's power in prayer. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter how bad the problem is. I think the biggest problem that we get into is trying to fix our problems. You know what it takes for for you to try to fix your own problems? It takes you looking at God and saying, "My problem's too big for you to fix. So, I'm going to have to fix it myself. And friends, that's where we wind up in trouble. But I think what we ought to do is just lay in prayer before God and keep your hands out of it and let God come in and let God take care of your children and let God lead them to the word of God. There ain't nothing that you could do that would that would make them have a relationship with God. It takes God coming down in the middle of the night and dealing with a person's heart. &gt;&gt; It's not too big for God. &gt;&gt; My problems ain't too big for God. Hello, somebody. My troubles ain't too big for God. So I want to bring them to the Lord. My burdens, they ain't too big for God. They I want to bring them to the Lord. &gt;&gt; David said, "The righteous cry and the Lord heareth and deliverth them out of all of their troubles." Somebody say, "All &gt;&gt; delivers them out of all of their troubles." The Bible would tell us a story of Jacob in Genesis the 32nd chapter. And Jacob was traveling. You remember how he was traveling that that night back to the homeland. Remember, he had had an order from God to go back to the homeland. And we find in this 32nd chapter, he spends a night alone with the Lord. &gt;&gt; Remember when Jacob was on this this journey, he was traveling with his family and children in this great caravan. And the Bible would say that he sent them over over the brook and he sent all that he had over and said, "Y'all y'all just go on and you meet you meet Esau. And when you meet Esau, tell him all this is a gift to him. That way, and tell him that that Jacob's coming behind you whenever and whenever he finds me, maybe he'll maybe he'll greet me in it. He'll greet me well. But the Bible says he would send them all over the brook. And here they were on this journey to meet Esau. The Bible said Jacob was left alone. And there he wrestled a man until the breaking of the day. And when he saw that he could not prevail against him, the man touched the hollow of his thigh and he wrestled with him. He said, "Let me go, for the day breakth." And Jacob said, "But I will not let thee go except thou bless me." So, see, he was left alone in the middle of this great night, in the middle of this great toil. And brother Wesley, what he done is he wrestled with the Lord all night long looking for a blessing. He said he he was wrestling for a blessing. He was my that'll preach right there. He was wrestling for a blessing. He was toiling because there was something that he had need of in his life. And so, he was willing to toil. He was willing to labor and he was willing to fight. And you say, "Well, brother, you know, any any believer that's ever laid in pray and prayed before God can say that ain't nothing but the truth." It's a battle to lay in prayer. It ain't easy to lay all night in the middle of prayer. It ain't because our flesh don't allow you to pray very long. And our flesh gets in the way. And I tell you, just as soon as you start to go take some time between you and God, the kids will start crying. 10 people will call you. Everybody all of a sudden has problem. I have to turn my phone off to pray because it don't matter. The minute I kneel down to pray, my phone's going to ring. Somebody's going to text. Somebody needs something. Somebody's got a flat tire. But sometimes you just have to shut it all off and be alone with God. This is where Jacob was. He He sent everybody on. He got everybody away from him. And the Bible said he stayed alone where it was just him and God. And he wrestled with the Lord. And he toyed with the Lord because he needed a blessing in his life. He was willing to wrestle. I wonder how many has a need this morning. I wonder how many had a great need that they're willing to wrestle and and willing to stay all night and willing to wait until God could come and intercede for their need. He had such a need. You say, "Well, why did he want a blessing that bad?" Do you realize the condition that Jacob was in here? When Jacob here here he had come to this place or to the brook. Now, you know the story of Jacob. I just I just lay it out there for but but when he came to the brook and he had heard that Esau his brother was coming to meet him, Jacob was running from his past. When he came to this place, there was such a fear came over him because Jacob had he had really badly misled. He had deceived Esau. Remember from the time of his child and and time of them growing up, Esau had something that Jacob wanted. He had a birthight. And so, Jacob was willing to do whatever it took to get the birthight e even to where he would rob it from him when he had such a need for food and he say, "Well, I'll give you food if you'll give me your birthight." He would he would he would take advantage to get the birthight. He would he would even go to his father Isaac when he was laying on his deathbed. He took the skin of an animal and put it on his own skin so that his blind father would feel of him and think he was Esau. He would take the scent of Esau and put it on his body. His mother would prepare food like Esau would have prepared it and he took it to his father and he laid it there so his father would think he was Esau just so he could get the blessing from his father Isaac. And you know what Isaac done? He blessed him. He said, "The blessing of this house shall be upon you." And the Bible said, "But after he blessed him, when Esau came in, he found out that his brother had stolen his blessing." And because he had stolen his blessing, and now Esau had made a vow that the next time I lay my eyes upon Jacob, I am going to kill him. He had made a vow to murder him. His mother had known about the vow. She warned Jacob that your brother Esau, he he that he hates you and and and he hates you because of the blessing of your father. And he has said in his heart that after the mourning of his father is over that he's going to find you and he's going to take your life. See, so here whenever Jacob would come to this brook and he would find out that there that Esau was coming with a band to meet him, all of a sudden the fear of his past came upon him. He he I I was a deceiver and and I fled the I fled my past and I fled my brother and and and and all this he had fled from his presence. And you know what took place whenever he fled from the presence of Esau. Jacob had met God before. This wasn't the first experience he had had with God. See, whenever he fled out of that land, the Bible says when he left, he came to the place of Bethl and God met him there. Remember when Jacob laid down and he had the dream and he said, "I saw a ladder that ascended or all the way up into heaven." He said, "And I saw the angels of God ascending and descending upon the ladder." He said, "And and all of a sudden I looked up and the Lord stood above it and he said, I am the Lord God of Abraham thy father and the God of Isaac and the land whereon thou liest to thee will I give it and to thy seed." And when Jacob awoke from his sleep, he said, "Surely the Lord is in this place." My wouldn't you wouldn't you say that and I knew it not. He said I was afraid. He said how dreadful is this place. He went from fearing Esau to fearing God. I was afraid of my brother and I fled out of the land of my homeland. But when I came to this place and I realized there was something supernatural that was taking place in the middle of the desert. And here God be to deal with his heart and he said this ain't nothing but the house of God. It's the gateway to heaven. You say, "Well, why did he call it the house of God?" It wasn't that just like we come in this place. It ain't because there's four walls and we put a church name on the building. It's because there was an experience that happened in that place of Bethl. And when there's a place that you can find an experience with God, we call it a house of God or the dwelling of God, it must be a place where God comes to meet men. Oh friends, I pray that that's what this church would always be. I pray it'd be a place where God can come and meet men and God can come and meet women that would that that are in a need or that that are fleeing their past that are that are running from something in their life that they might run into the refuge or the tower of God and find refuge in this hour. &gt;&gt; See, it was a place of God. It was the gateway to heaven. See, that's what an experience with God always feels like. You get up from it and say, "Man, that was a that was the gateway to heaven. I I I was I was walking up. I was I was being entertained by the angels of heaven." How many's ever had an experience like that? I was late. It don't matter if you was in the woods. It didn't matter if you was in church. It didn't matter if you was in your prayer closet at home. But when you're entertained by angels and you're in the presence of God, you say, "This is the gateway to heaven. &gt;&gt; It was an experience with God. It was the ladder he saw that came all the way from earth to heaven." You realize, I think this is so powerful, that that was God's ladder. &gt;&gt; You realize men had already tried to do what Jacob saw. In the Bible, they said they built the tower of Babel trying to reach heaven. That was a man-made tower trying to reach heaven. But man will never do it by any man-made way. Said, but whenever he came to an experience with God, then God put a ladder there. And God, it was a God- made ladder that opened up the windows of heaven that he could ascend, the angels could ascend and descend. Friends, I got news for you this morning that God has provided a ladder in this hour. I know men have built great towers and they built great churches and they built great denominational uh teachings and all these great things that are made by men, but it'll never reach heaven. But the only thing will reach heaven is the ladder that God has built and his name is Jesus Christ. It was placed on the earth and it reached all the way up into glory and it made a way for a man to climb out of the nature of this flesh right into the heaven to be alone with God. &gt;&gt; It was God's ladder. Said see Jesus had provided a ladder. That's what brother said. When a when a person come down to the altar, a little boy and his mother, he said, "Oh Lord, may on this step, may they realize that they are on Jacob's ladder. They're moving upward now from this earthbound sin and things that's kept them from having fellowship with God." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Even when you kneel down to pray, when you kneel down and and come into forgiveness, you're kneeling on that same ladder that Jacob saw. My isn't that a thought this morning that the very thing that Jacob saw in his dream that when you kneel down to pray to God that you're kneeling down on that very same ladder. &gt;&gt; He said, "See, but he fled from his brother. He fled from this promise of death." But how many realize this morning that that wasn't the only promise that Jacob had? See, because listen, one was a promise of death, but he also had a promise of God. I think this is so powerful because whenever God speaks to him when he sees the latter, listen what he said. The land where on thou liest to thee will I give it and to thy seed. &gt;&gt; Now Jacob was a bachelor. &gt;&gt; He had no children. He had no wife. He met God. He was his brother was pursuing after him. He was coming to take his life. He was fleeing from the wrath of his brother. He had no seed. But God said, "But unto thy seed I will give this land." And I thought right here, what a promise that God had made him. I I I may not know where I'm going to end up, but I know one thing. I'm going to have a wife and I'm going to have children. My brother ain't going to catch me here. But something that God had given him a promise. And that promise, it didn't just stay there. It didn't even just take him into to Laban's land or or or to to Rachel and Leah. That ain't where it took him. That it brought him all the way back home. And when God told him after them many years, he said to Jacob, "Return unto the land of thy fathers and to thy kindred." And listen to God's promise. And I will be with thee. &gt;&gt; So he had two promises. One was a promise. It was a curse that was a promise of death that came from Esau. When I see you, I'm going to kill you. One, he fled from it. It was a curse that was pursuing after him. But on the other hand, he had a promise from God that you go ahead and go back to your homeland and I'll be with you. And your seed, they're going to possess this place. Friends, let me tell you, that's just like you and I. We have two promises over our life. One is a promise of death, the other is a promise of life. Bam says he's look what he was doing. He was looking for a blessing. When he went to return back home, he was returning back home with this promise of God upon his life. You go back into your homeland and I will be with thee. &gt;&gt; So here in Jacob's mind, when he comes back to this place and he he's bringing his family and all of a sudden he gets word that Esau's coming to meet you. All of a sudden, he goes into this place of turmoil and he begins to wrestle and he said because he saw death. He heard that Esau was coming. So he saw that death was coming. So here in the face of death, Jacob was praying for a blessing from God. &gt;&gt; Here he was facing his dead. He said, "See, Jacob wrestled on and he wouldn't turn him loose until he was blessed." He said, "That's right. He battled for life." My, isn't that the way it was? He was fighting the curse of death. He was battling for life. That's just where we are this morning. We were born in sin. We were shaped in iniquity. We come into this world speaking lies. When you were born into this earth, you were born under a curse of this flesh. How many knows that? We were born under a curse. It wasn't something you did. But soon as you were born in this lie, that curse has took over your flesh. &gt;&gt; Why? Because it was a promise over your life. And that curse, let me tell you what it does, brother Wesley. When a person's born in this life, that curse comes and it begins to move on them. It starts to take over their flesh. Even from a little age, it takes over their little flesh. You say, "A little innocent child." Well, surely the very the very spirit. You You realize that demon experience spirits torment children even when they're little children. You I've got a little niece, Charlie. She's an angel. If you ever been around her, she would never even f a word about her at all. And and and little Charlie, you could hold her, but if you ever would to put her down and pick up another baby, then she'd be mad and come and pulling at your arm and pulling the baby's hair. and innocently trying to to to make get her seat back. I thought, what is it that would cause a child that was a year and a half old to have to be jealous because you would hold another baby? See, it isn't I it's this flesh that we live in or this so simple just to see a that's a simple illustration, but to see a child jealousy. I have a picture on my phone of Salem. I he he won't mind I share this. We just having church this morning, but I got a picture on my phone. I I wish I had it. I'd put it on the screen this this morning, but I he was about 5 years old and and uh it's the cutest picture, but we came in there and there was chocolate all over the kitchen counter. There was a whole jug of Nesquick. It was dumped out and and the the jug of milk or the little glass of milk had about that much milk and it was overflow with Nesquick. The powder was over the top of the milk. It was all in the floor. It was all over the counter. It was quite a mess. And I came in and all of a sudden I saw this and I said, "Salem, what did you do? Look at the mess. I mean, you you made a mess. You dumped stuff everywhere." And he looked up at me and he goes, "It wasn't me." I said, "Salem, it was, "What do you mean you I didn't you didn't do this?" "I didn't do it." I said, "You, Bud, you didn't you didn't dump the chocolate everywhere and you did." And so, the reason I have the I couldn't help it. I wanted The reason I have the picture is because the Nesquick is all over the floor and it's all over the counter and it's all over his shirt and it's all over his hands and it's all over his face and his mouth and his nose. I mean, there's chocolate everywhere, all all over him. and he's standing there like this saying, "I didn't do it." I I thought, "Well, you know, no one taught him that. He's a good boy now." And but but no one no one teaches a kid that. But but it's a survival instinct that kicks in. You know, I'm my dad's going to kill me. I got to I'm just trying to survive whatever it takes. But see, even as a little child, no one teaches you that. No one teaches a kid to lie. They don't they don't teach a a a kid to be jealous or or or or to do things or act out or lash out. That isn't that that doesn't come from training that you train them as a parent. That's because they're born under the curse of this flesh. So even as a child, whenever you're born, this curse immediately takes over. Whenever you're born, your body is going to grow a little bit, but just in a few days, this body is going to go right back into a grave. It's because of the curse of this flesh that takes over. And because of that curse, it causes you to act a certain way. It causes you to do a certain a certain way. It it makes you susceptible to demonic spirits and powers that are there to overtake your life to keep you from finding your purpose or your place in life. And you really realize that you were created in the image of God. You was created to worship God. You was created to be a son and daughter of God. But we have a curse that is upon our flesh. And because when you're born, you go through this or this curse has been taken you ever since you was born. It's been pursuing after you. It comes to destroy you from the time of your birth. I don't mean to scare the children, but from the time of your birth, that curse has been following after you. It follows you to school. It follows you to home. It follows you to your bedroom, behind closed doors. It's the curse of the flesh that is trying to take over your life. &gt;&gt; But listen what Paul said in Romans the 5th chapter. He said, "But wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin, and so death passed upon all men, for all have sinned. For unto the law sin was in the world. Until the law sin was in the world, but sin is not imputed when there is no law. Nevertheless, death reigns. So listen what he's talking about. He's talking about the time between Adam and Moses. He says, "So nevertheless, death has reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come. But not as the offense, so also is the free gift." So here what what Paul is saying is that from the time of Adam until the time of Moses there was no law for a man to break. He says see so after the law of Moses came now they could be they could they could receive death because of the law because the uh it's not imputed unto a man sin is it unless there's a law for it to be imputed to them. So from the time of Adam, this is what Paul says. From the time of Adam until the time of Moses, that law did not exist. But still yet, every man died. So see, he didn't sin because there was no law that could say he sinned. But still yet, they all died. From Adam to Moses, they died. Watch what he's showing us. He said it wasn't because of anything that they done, they died. So he says it wasn't as the offense that caused them to die. It was just the curse that came because of the fall of Adam. He said, "And if it wasn't because of their offense that caused them to die," he said, "then it ain't because of their offense that would cause them to get a free gift." In other words, that you don't have to commit the act of Adam that the committed in order to be guilty. You're guilty because you were born in this flesh. You're guilty because of the way that you were born into the earth and now this curse has fallen after you. He said, "See, you were born guilty because of Adam's fall." So, in other words, the curse was not based on our merit. You don't die because you're a bad person. You don't die because you broke the law of God. You die because of what Adam done. It was the fall in the garden. It has nothing to do with you. Says, "So death isn't based on your merit." And then, oh, this is good. He says, "So if death isn't based on your merit, then neither is the blessing of God based on your merit." Said they died because of what some other man done, and they'll be saved because of what some other man done. It ain't based on their merit that they died. It ain't based on their merit that they were born in flesh. It ain't based on their marri that they fell into sin and they got addicted to drugs and alcohol and lust and the things of this world. It wasn't based on their marriage. It's the curse of the flesh that you were born to. He said, "But it ain't their merit that'll get them into heaven. It's the very salvation of the man Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; The curse didn't come by your merit, and neither does the blessing come by your merit." He said, he said, "By one man's offense, though the offense came by one, many dead." He said, "But much more the grace of God, the gift of grace, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, and not as if it had been that one sinned." He says, "So is the gift. For the judgment was by one to condemnation, but the free gift is of many offenses under justification. For if by one man's offense death reigned by one, then much more they which receive the abundance of grace and the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, who is Jesus Christ." So, one man's offense put you into it and another man's actions took you out of it. &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful? It ain't based on you. And I don't know about y'all, it makes me want to shout a little bit. It ain't based on our actions at all. It wasn't our actions that brought death. And it certainly wasn't our actions that brought salvation. See, but this curse, it pursues you. &gt;&gt; It's pursued you to bring death to your life. To bring to bring it's a promise to bring to bring death to you. Do you realize that even under the law of Mo Moses that even when they had a law that they received a blessing? Listen what Moses said. He said, "It shall come to pass that thou shalt hearken diligently under the voice of the Lord thy God to observe and do his commandments that I I command thee this day, and the Lord thy God will set thee on high above all the nations of the earth. And all these blessings shall come upon thee and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God." See, so here, even them under the law. Here, this is what Moses saying. You're pursued by a curse. You've been pursued by a curse. You've been pursued by death from the time of your birth, you've been pursued by by this law of sin and death. But listen what Moses said. He said, "But the blessings of God shall come upon thee and overtake thee." Isn't that powerful? So here, what he tells us is that the curse ain't going to overtake you at all, but there's something else that's going to overtake you. It may pursue you. It may follow after you. It may torment you. It may torment your flesh. But he said, "But uh" He said, "But the blessings of God are going to overtake thee." You know what it means to overtake? It means that it would come suddenly and without warning. Don't you see what God is trying to do? That right in the middle of your purpose of your life. And you're following after the curse of this flesh. And you're following after the desire of sin and the desire of the flesh. And the and the and the curse is following after your life. And you're going down that path. Then all of a sudden, right when you least expect it, here comes a spirit of God and the blessing of God overtakes your life suddenly upon your life and takes you out of the curse of death into another law. You see what God's trying to do for you, friends? I tell you what, if there's that great of a blessing under the law, then what about us that ain't under the law? &gt;&gt; If under the law that the blessing can overtake you, then what about us that's been freed from the law that ain't bound? What about right now when we're not bound by the law of sin and death? For the Bible says Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law. And he got he gave us a new law to live by. Not the law of sin and death, but it's the law of life. &gt;&gt; You see, if we're not guilty by our natural birth, we're guilty by not based on our actions. We're saved by spiritual birth, not based on our actions. &gt;&gt; What Adam did caused the fall. What Jesus did brought salvation. Isn't that powerful? So we war, we war with the flesh, wrestling in our mind trying to make peace with God. This is where Jacob was. He felt like a shackster because of his past and all the deception and he felt like a liar and he felt can you imagine? He felt like a deceiver and maybe through many years of his life all that had gone from him and he didn't think about it for a long time. But then when God told him it's time for you to go back home and Jacob starts this journey he's on it. Isn't that what we are? He's on his journey to the homeland here. And when he was on the journey home, he comes to this place and he finds out that that pursuer is there to meet him &gt;&gt; before he met his or reached his destination. In other words, his past had finally caught up with him. &gt;&gt; And here here when he would come to this place and he's he's calling out to God and he's waring with God all night long he wars with God and he's wrestling with God. And he the man said to him, "What is thy name?" He said, "My name is Jacob." He said, "Thy name shall no longer be called Jacob, but Israel. For as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and thou hast prevailed." Now, isn't that something? You know what a prince is? It's a son of a king. &gt;&gt; And here in this night of prayer that God speaks to Jacob and calls him a prince. Can you imagine feeling like he did? I I I feel like a liar, but he said, "But I'm gonna call you a prince. I feel like a deceiver, but I'm going to call you prince. I I'm a shastra, but I'm going to call you prince." I'm look at my past. It's coming at me. But I'm going to call you prince. Even it didn't matter how Jacob felt here. He had a great fear. That's why he was warned with God. But God looked past all of his feelings and his emotions and all of his past and all the things that he had ever done wrong. And God looked at him. He said, "But I'm going to call you a prince, the son of a king." &gt;&gt; Charles Spurgeon would say like this. He said, "He that shall really spend a night in prayer shall win a celestial blessing. He shall lie down a Jacob, but he shall rise up a prince. Ain't that powerful? He shall lie down a liar, but he'll rise up a prince. The man that would spend a night in prayer, you may lay down a deceiver, but you'll rise up a believer. You may lay down a liar. You may lay down a sinner, but you're going to rise up a son of God and a prince of the kingdom of heaven. &gt;&gt; Lay down a liar, rise up a king. He said, "God came down and had a wrestling match and he stayed with God and he held on until the blessing come." &gt;&gt; See, I think that's what we need this morning. &gt;&gt; Sometimes you just need something to hold on to. &gt;&gt; See, you held on until the the blessing come. You got said, "Don't let go until a blessing comes." You know, you say, "Well, brother Matt, I'm sick. What do I do?" You take a hold of the promise. By his stripes, we are healed. &gt;&gt; And then you hold on to it until the blessing comes. &gt;&gt; See, it didn't matter how long it takes. is a God-given promise. So even if you're sick this morning, you could hold on to the promise of God. Say, "God, I'm not going to let go of it until I receive my blessing. I'm not." Well, God, if you want to heal me, you can. If you don't want to, I understand. But you hold on to it. &gt;&gt; Hold on to it. That's why he was wrestling with the Lord. He said, "I'm not going to let you go until I receive my blessing. It was your promise. You made me. You told me you'd be with me. You told me you'd keep me. You told me you'd bring me back to my homeland. I'm going to hold on to the promise and I'm not going to let go until I get my blessing. &gt;&gt; So, you got to take a hold of something. If you're down this morning, get a hold of the promise of the word of God. If you're depressed this morning, get a hold of the promise of the of the joy of the Lord. The Bible said, "Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Take a hold of the promise of God and hold on to it &gt;&gt; until you receive your blessing." Hold on to a scripture. Hold on to a testimony. Hold on to a move of God. Hold on to an outpouring of the spirit of God. And when you came into a a church meeting and saw deliverance and God delivered you at the altar, don't go back out and let the devil bring it back to you. You may see the same temptation. You may see the same symptom, but you look the devil in the eye and say, "But I've got something to hold on to. I met God at an altar and he delivered me that night and he blessed me and I'm going to hold on to it." Hold on until you get what you have need of. program said, "Lord, that the people might have something to hold just like Jacob and know it's the Holy Spirit and never turn it loose until they're blessed." &gt;&gt; Every sick person in here, if they'll take a hold of that same promise and stay right with it until they're assured in their heart that the blessing of God rest upon them, hold on to the scripture. Hold on to the promise. Hold on to the testimony. Whatever it is, hold on. Stay with God until the blessing comes. You say, "Well, brother man, I don't know about that." Let me tell you what the devil does. He's trying to get you to let go of it. &gt;&gt; Let go of your faith and let go of what you've been standing for. He wants to convince you to let go and give up and and to and to stop fighting. What's the use after all? Can you imagine that? Even even the Lord would ask that to Jacob. Won't you let go? Won't you turn me loose? What was he just test him? Won't you let go of it? Won't you won't you turn? But he wasn't willing to let it go because he wanted his blessing. So, Caesar, what's the use? God promised me healing and I'm still sick. What's the use? He promised I'd be free, but I'm still bound. What's the use? He promised he'd be a guide, but but I but I can't get no no direction. He He promised a new birth, and he promised a new life, but I'm still struggling with this old flesh. &gt;&gt; Hold on to the promise &gt;&gt; till you receive the blessing. Stay with God and hold on to it till the blessing comes. &gt;&gt; See, God has promised a blessing to the church. How many believe that? &gt;&gt; He's promised us a blessing. But says, see, said, "What is our blessing?" He said, "The new birth that changes a man, it changes a woman, it changes a new desire, it changes their appetite." Wrestle with God until you can hold on until the blessing comes. And then God will change you like he did Jacob &gt;&gt; from a suppler to a prince. &gt;&gt; He would lay down, &gt;&gt; a suppler &gt;&gt; and rise up a prince. &gt;&gt; Lay down a Jacob and rise up a prince. And so stay with God until you receive your blessing. You realize that's what God is trying to bring us to. He brings you to a new birth. He brings you, this is the blessing of God that comes upon your life. Says, "So stay with God and stay with the word and stay with the promise of God." Listen, listen what the Bible says. And Jacob asked him, he said, "Tell me, I pray thee thy name." And he said, "Wherefore is it thou that dust ask after my name?" And the Bible said, "And he blessed him there." &gt;&gt; See, he held on for the West till he received his blessing. And when God saw that Jacob wasn't going to turn it loose, it was a promise and he that that he had received from God and he wasn't going to turn it loose, he said right then and there, he received his blessing. You realize what God's waiting on? He's waiting on you to hold on to the promise that it didn't matter how long the night was. He endured all night holding on to the promise of God. He endured the darkness of the age or the darkness of the hour. Friends, I don't know how long your night has been that you've been holding on to a God-given promise. But I say this tonight as an encouragement to you, you keep holding to the promise of God. And don't turn it loose. For the Bible says because he didn't let go that God blessed him there. &gt;&gt; Even in the middle of the night, he blessed him there. &gt;&gt; There's coming an end to the nighttime. There's coming an end to the darkness that's overshadowed your life. There comes an end to darkness. Darkness don't last forever. It only lasts until the dawn. But before the daybreak, he received his blessing that when he would get up in the morning, he was a brand new man. Everything had changed about his life. I don't care how long you've been sick or how long you've been down or how long you've been toiling and laboring and battling. Let me tell you, friends, there's an end of every night. And there's always a new day. And in the new day, Jacob rose up as a blessed man. Let me tell you, he said he blessed them there. Let me tell you something powerful about this blessing of God that when Jacob got up and he had a hold of this blessing. You know what? On the outside, you couldn't even tell anything that would have happened. When Jacob walked up, they don't know what happened when he came up to his friends. Well, he and nothing had changed. The circumstances are still the same. Esau was still coming. Hello, somebody. You know what it's like when you kneel down in an altar and you give your heart to God and you and you and and and you you come in there and labor before the Lord and the spirit of God comes and fills your heart and you go back out out out just ready to shout, "Thank God for deliverance." And you walk out the doors and the world hits you right in the face. It don't matter if it took six months to get out of it. When you walk out the doors, it don't take just a moment, just a smell, just a memory, just a thought. And what is Satan is doing? He's coming and tempting you right back into the very thing that God brought you out of. said he's always there. Esau was still across the brook. He was still waiting on him, &gt;&gt; but he was blessed. &gt;&gt; His death was still coming to meet him, but he was blessed. The curse was still on the other side of the brook, but he was blessed. It didn't matter. Jacob said, "I I don't know what's going to happen, but I know one thing. I have been blessed." And he walked along with his family. Well, something's changed about me. Well, I can't say nothing different about you. You look like the same man, but I've been blessed to God. You still you still were you still look the same way you did but I've been blessed of God. I I I don't see anything's changed. You might not see it on the outside but something took place on the inside and one day it'll manifest on the flesh. &gt;&gt; He changed me. The blessing that God put upon him. Think about it. The Bible says that finally whenever Jacob comes in contact with Esau that Esau ran and he greeted his brother. All this that he had been afraid of. He kissed him and greeted him and loved him. All this afraid afraid of this meeting and really said there God delivered him from the curse of Esau. &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful that we have a curse that has been upon our life but a night of prayer delivered him from the curse. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You see, but you realize you think about our blessing tonight. Our blessing is far greater than just living a comfortable life. People's always looking for a blessing. I'm going to pray till God gives me a blessing. But the problem is people's looking for the wrong kind of blessing. &gt;&gt; I'm going to pray till God gives me a a big blessing or something, you know, but but it's not about living a comfortable life or or being or even I'm just going to my blessing is my healing of of a sickness. That that ain't even the blessing. That that's a that's a that's an extra part and that's nice. But but but our blessing is far greater than just to be able to receive things in this natural life to make this natural life easier or or or better to get through. And but our our blessing is far more than that. You you can see this in the Bible in the last supper Matthew the 26th chapter. The Bible said as they were eating Jesus took the bread and he blessed it and he broke it and he gave it to the disciples and and he said take and eat for this is my body. And he took the cup and he gave thanks and he gave it to them saying, "Drink you all of it. This is my blood of the new testament which is shed for many for the remission of sins. This do you in remembrance of me." So we see that the communion with the Lord was to remember the crucifixion. Jesus says this is a commission that he gave to the church or do this in remembrance of me. It's what we do just like water baptism. It's something that that we continue to do. It was a commission that God gave us. Jesus. So, so, so it's to remember the crucifixion. And you know that regardless of of of any denomination, regardless if you're a Protestant or regardless if you're Catholic, you know that that's something that almost everybody does. The majority of the world takes communion. It's the it's the majority of all. They they they actually uh fulfill this very this very action of taking uh communion. So, so we realize that they all have done it, but what they have done is made a tra a tradition out of it or a law out of it. And it's not and and you make it to where this is really the Lord's body. And when you take this, you're eating the Lord's body. But but really, it wasn't nothing like that at all. See, because what communion really means is communion means to share the intimate thoughts or the feelings with someone. See, so that's the real communion that God is wanting to have with the church. And so, so they've made a tradition out of it. They have communion on the first Sunday, you know, whatever different ones have. But but but it becomes such a tradition and such a ritual in the church. And then and and and that whenever you would go through the act of communion, there's really no communion that takes place at all. &gt;&gt; They they they drink bread or or or wine and eat bread, but there's no communion that takes place. And so we we see this in the scripture where communion actually came from. It didn't it didn't come from Israel, but it came all the way back from Abraham when he met Melazdc. Remember when Abraham went and he battled? That's ringing up there, brother. I don't know if y'all can hear it, but but it's about to get me. But when Abraham went to uh met Melazdc and he went to battle against the four kings that had taken Lot captive and the Bible says Abraham took the the a trained servants or trained servants and brought back Lot and brought back the people and and all the goods and he brought them all back and restored them. Remember the kings that came into Sodom and destroyed Sodom. But Abraham had went and he fought and he wared to bring back what belonged to him. He he he took possession of what belonged to him. said, "See, and when he brought it back on his way back, he met Melazedc." And now you say, "Now notice what was it that Melazdc met when he or gave Abraham when he met him, notice the Bible said Melazdc gave him bread, wine, and a blessing." He said, "I'll I'll share with you bread and wine." He said, "But also blessed uh he blessed him. Blessed be the Abram of the most high God, possessor of the heaven and earth." But Ram said, notice after the battle was over, Melazdc served his victorious child communion. said think of that part of himself. He said now what we want to see here in type here is in the view of communion that after the battle he gave of himself because the communion is part of Christ and after the struggle is over after you've done got yourself whipped out then is when you partake of Christ and you become a part of his being. You realize that's the same thing that Jacob was doing. You see what the real blessing is? It wasn't that God would give him lands or that God would give him uh some great reward in this life. He said, "But Jacob wrestled all night and he wouldn't turn him loose until he blessed him." He said he battled for life. But after his battle was over, then God gives you of himself. That is his true communion. That little bread and that wafer, it just represents it. You shouldn't take it unless you've wrestled it out and become a part of God. Say, see, so that's what God's waiting on. He's waiting on somebody that'll wrestle out all night long. That'll wrestle out the things of the world and wrestle out the flesh. Friends, it may be a long weary night, but we're wrestling with God and holding on to the promise of God that we can take a hold of a part of him. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want a part of you. This is what the wrestling is about. The blessing wasn't monetary things, but the blessing was to have a part of God in his life. &gt;&gt; You think of all the traditions of Israel, the great feast of Judaism. I I don't have time to to go through it this morning, but but but but you know you know what they are in in the the feast of the Passover, the feast of unleaven bread, the the the the feast of Pentecost, you know, in the time of Jubilee, the feast of trumpets when they would they would come and and remember these feasts were a remembrance of the things that God had done for them in their ancestral history. And so here it it would the feast of atonement. This was the day that the only time the day of the year that the high priest could go into the holies of holies that would be able to intercede for uh for the people. You see when you when you go through these feasts, you see as Jesus actually fulfilled these and he became the high priest that that we could access. He he became the the sound of freedom. Remember the gospel was a sounding of freedom. He became the trumpet that was sounded the in this age. It was Christ. Even even the feast of tabernacles when when they would go out and they even today they'll build booths to go out and they'll have dinner in the booth outside away from their house to remember when they lived out in the wilderness and had to travel in tents. But we see that Christ even done that very thing that it would be Christ tabernacling himself in humanity not not in the holies of holies. So we see all of these all of these feasts that comes down to Christ's relationship with the church. the feast of atonement, even the feast of Passover. But notice in this Jewish feast of Passover, I'm g I'm gonna close just a minute. But in this Jewish feast of Passover, this celebration is what was taking place. It was it it it uses unleavened bread and wine. So the feast of Passover is to sit and to break bread and take of the bread and take of the wine. But whenever they sit down and partake of this, it's not communion at all. There never was a such a thing as communion until after the death of Jesus Christ. So some thousands of years later after that Melkazedc had melt Abraham. That's the first time we ever see people partake of communion. But all this time from the time of Moses until the time of Jesus. Still yet they parttook of wine and bread. It just wasn't called communion. They come together. It was the feast of Passover. It was a symbol of when they came out of Egypt and the and the and the death angel had came over Egypt. Remember, the Bible told them to make sure when you put when you bake the bread, don't put any leaven in the bread because we're going to have to leave quickly. So, it it can't be leaven bread. We don't have time to wait on the bread to rise. We got to be able to take the bread and go go into the wilderness. And so, that night when the death angel passed over, they put blood on the door. And the death angel, it took all of the firstborn of Egypt, but in the house of Israel, it didn't touch any of the children. So all this time they had commemorated that very event or the passing over of the death angel. And so when they have this feast of the Passover, it's to commemorate that very happening. So they sit down and they eat of the unleven bread and they drink of the wine and they're remembering this event. You realize that so it's a symbolism of their freedom from slavery out of Egypt. It had nothing to do with the blood or the body of Jesus Christ. And you realize that this was the feast that Jesus was setting in when he was having the last supper with the disciples. &gt;&gt; It was at the feast of Passover. So here they were setting. Jesus and the disciples were not the only ones having a supper that night. All of Israel was having a supper. They all had wine and they all had bread because they were remembering what had taken place. This had been going on for many years. They were remembering what had taken place. But when Jesus takes a hold of the bread and wine, he he tells them what really communion really is. He said this bread and the wine has another meaning. It it's far greater than Moses. It isn't just about God's children coming out of the land of Egypt, but this come all the way back from the time that Melazdc came and met Abraham. He took them to a deeper walk with him. You remember when God came and he dwelt with man and God gave a part of himself and he sat down with his son Abraham. They were all children of Abraham. Amen. &gt;&gt; But Jesus said, "You take of this bread and you eat of it, for it is my body." What was he telling them? I am that same one that walked with Abraham. It is I that w that break bread with Abraham and drank wine with Abraham and gave a blessed unto him. He sat right in their midst. He said, "This is my body and this cup of wine is my blood. Drink it and do this in remembrance of me." &gt;&gt; He was showing the disciples that the bread and the wine was not just a tradition of Israel, but it had came long before Moses. He showed the real meaning of it. Abraham had bread and wine and a blessing. &gt;&gt; And now when Jesus is sitting at the table now, the disciples had bread and wine. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we're waiting on a blessing. &gt;&gt; You said, "Well, when did their blessing come?" Well, can I just tell you? I don't have time to get there. &gt;&gt; The Bible said when the day of Pentecost was fully come, &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And the spirit of God poured down out in the upper room that he broke himself into little licks of fire. that great pillar of fire, he broke off into little licks of fire and he gave each one of them a part of himself. But Ram said he separated himself when he come down on that day of Pentecost. He separated himself in tongues of fire, that pillar of fire and he scattered through the church and set upon each of them. It was God dividing himself among his church. He said at that day you'll know that I am in the father and the father in me and I in you. He said that's what Pentecost is. That's the real blessing. It's having a part of God. &gt;&gt; It's taking a part of God and consuming it into your life. Friends, I don't know about you, but they were in that upper room. They were praying. They were waring all night. They were in fear for their lives. They they didn't know what they were what was going to happen. They locked themselves in the upper room. They prayed all night waiting on God. And all of a sudden, the blessing of God overtook them. &gt;&gt; It took them out of their own flesh. I don't know what they thought about doing the next day, but when they were overtaken by the blessing of God, they came out of that uproar, but they'd been filled with a new wine. It's a blessing of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Abraham had bread and wine and a blessing. The disciples fed on bread and wine and a blessing. Said, "But what about the believer today?" You realize that that same blessing that they received, which was the Holy Ghost, is the same blessing that you receive today. &gt;&gt; But that's not all of it. That blessing is just a taste &gt;&gt; of the real thing. &gt;&gt; It's a little portion of it. See, but Melazdc after his child Abraham had won the victory as the music players want to come. Abraham had won the victory. Melazedc met him and gave him wine and bread. Showing that after this earthly battle is over, we will meet him in the heavens and take communion again. Said it'll be a wedding supper. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, isn't that wonderful this morning to think of? Isn't that what Jesus said when he passed the bread and wine? He said, "I will drink no more of the vine or eat of the fruit until I eat and drink it with you a new in my father's kingdom." &gt;&gt; Says, "So he'll there's coming a day when we'll have a real supper with him." There's coming a day said when we'll we'll have that wedding supper. He said, "What a beautiful time that it is that Melazdc met Abraham." You think of this. I I don't I don't have time to preach this. I'm just but but Melchazdc met Abraham before he got back home but after the battle says so he had fought a battle he was on his way home and that's where he met with him to have communion he gave him wine and bread and put a blessing upon his life a blessing that would ultimately leave lead Abraham right back to his home he said that's the same thing with us said he meant before he got home after the battle he said we're going to meet Jesus in the air before we get home. &gt;&gt; But one day after the battle is over, on our way home, we're going to meet him in the air and we're going to have a real wedding supper, &gt;&gt; have a real communion with mec just like Abraham done. That's what Paul said. He said, "We which are alive and remain shall not prevent. Those that are asleep, for the trump of God shall sound, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. And we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them to meet the Lord in the air." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Won't you stand to your feet this morning? We keep fighting the fight of faith. Say, "Brother Matt, what are we fighting?" Because we're going to endure until the end, till the blessing of God comes upon your life. How many believes that this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You believe there's a crown of glory that awaits you? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a crown that awaits you as a believer. How many believes that? Won't you raise your hand? You There's a crown that that awaits you. It ain't This life isn't your reward. you you look around this life and the things you have. The biggest trick the devil I'm just going to give you something free. But the biggest trick the devil can do to you is to make you feel like God isn't doing nothing for you and cause you to look around at other people and see the things they have and what they've done and say, "Well, God does something for him. God don't do nothing for me." And see, God ain't doing nothing for you. But this isn't even what your blessing is. &gt;&gt; This don't mean that this is a few days. What's a few days in the middle of eternity? &gt;&gt; A real blessing of eternal life. And we're worried about a few days, things that'll happen and be gone and a few. We don't even have a promise of tomorrow. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; In a few days and nothing you ever gain in this life. The Bible calls it hay and stubble. &gt;&gt; It ain't nothing that you'll ever take with you. It'll burn. So whatever we have in this life, I thank God for what I have. I thank God for what you have and what God does for us. But that ain't really our blessing. Our blessing is an eternal life. &gt;&gt; To have a part of God. Friends, let me tell you this. This is a gospel truth. You can be the poorest person on earth and have the part of God and be the richest man in the world. That's really what that's really what wealth is. Is to be able to have a part of God. The very creator of heaven, a a father that owns a cattle on a thousand heels. It isn't possessions that you can that you can gain in this life. It's having a real relationship with God. &gt;&gt; Amen. being able to feed upon upon Christ, the word of God. We have a crown that's waiting on us. Won't you bow your head this morning? I wonder how many you may raise your hand, say, "Brother Matt, I I've been waring. I've been fighting that fight of faith." God bless you for being honest. Brothers, sisters, God bless y'all all over the building. I've been fighting. I've been waring. It's been a long night. I just need a breakthrough. You know, we go through that many times in our life. We'll have revivals and then we'll we'll go through some dark times. You say, "What is it? Is Satan trying to keep you out of out of a move of God? He tries to discourage you." But friends, the reality is we're sons and daughters of God. And at the end of the night, you're going to receive your blessing. And I come to tell you this this morning that the night is over. If anybody here that would receive that this morning, you've been waiting and you've been calling, you've been holding on. You say, "Brother man, I need a I need a move of God in my life. The night is over." where you've held on long enough. Say, "God, I'm not going to let loose." I wonder how many will accept the night and lift your hand and say, "Lord, let me take a hold of it. The night has ended." Take a hold of the promise of God. What is thy name? Said, "What do you ask me in my name for?" And he blessed them there. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, to see your spirit moving around this building this morning. the blessing of our heavenly father, Lord, that is ministering to the hearts of your children, God, even right here this morning, Lord. God, we're not waiting on a blessing to come, but God, you said that you blessed him right where he was. And God, I ask you this morning, Lord, that you would pour your blessing out upon this church. God, every hand, Lord, that is raised, Lord. Maybe there's some that have lost their zeal, Lord. They they've been fighting their long battle, Lord. God, I just ask you tonight, Lord. God, that you would give them such a such a strength, God, that you would encourage them, Lord, in the word of God. Lord, may this word be an encouragement to them, Lord. May you pour your spirit out upon them, Lord. May they have a spiritual blessing this morning, God. We just thank you for moving among the church. Lord, we thank you for all you do. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. [Music] Amen. And isn't he wonderful? [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] If the world from you withhold of its sealed silver and it's gold and you have to get along in meager faith. Just remember in his word how he feeds the little bird. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain and your soul is almost sinking in despair. Jesus knows the pain that you feel he can save and he still heals. So take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. [Music] Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never die, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. You know the son of a slave wrote this song. When your youthful days are done and old age is stealing on and your body bends beneath the weight of care. He will never leave you then. He'll go with you to the end. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. So take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Well, when your eneies are sail and your heart begins to fail, don't forget that God in heaven, he answers prayer and he will make a way for you. Then he'll lead you safely through. So take your burden to the Lord and leave. How many you going to sing that with me this morning? Well, I say leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never die, he will surely bring you back. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Well, when the world from you withhold of its silver and its gold and you have to get along with your fair. Well, just remember in God's word how he feeds that little bird. Take your words to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave it there. If you trust and never bow, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Well, when your enemies assail and your heart begins to fail, don't forget that God in heaven answers prayer and he will make a way for you. God believes you through. Take your virgin to the Lord and it will leave it there. Leave it there. [Music] Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave it there. Well, if you trust and never die, he'll survive bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and if your body suffers pain and your head you can't regain and your soul is almost sinking. [Music] Well, Jesus knows the pain you feel. He still saves. He still heals. Protect your burdens to the Lord and there will be there. [Music] Take your words to the Lord. [Music] If you trust and never doubt take your burden to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, sing it again now. Just leave it there. Oh, leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave it there. Trust him. You're doubt. He will surely bring you out. Take your burden. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing our last word. And when your youthful days are gone and old age still on and your bodys beneath the weight of care. Oh, he will never he'll be with you till the end till the end. So take your word to the Lord and leave it there. So leave it there. Oh, leave it there. Oh, take the words to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, if you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your word. &gt;&gt; Oh, why don't you turn around to your neighbor, shake their hands, don't just leave it there. Oh, leave it there. Oh, leave it there. [Music] Lord, leave it there. Trust him and never doubt. He will surely bring you out. &gt;&gt; Oh, take your burdens to the Lord. &gt;&gt; I'll sing it once more. Yes. Leave it there. I'll leave it there. &gt;&gt; I'll take my burdens to the Lord. Leave it there. &gt;&gt; If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your word is to sing it just once more. Say, "I'll leave it there. &gt;&gt; I'll leave it there. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'll take my burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, I will trust and never. He has surely brought me out. My burdens to the Lord. Oh, leave me there." Oh, give the Lord a hand clap a praise this morning. Aren't you thankful you have a place where you can take your burdens and just give them to the Lord and leave them there? How many enjoyed that message this morning? Why don't you give him a clap of praise this morning? And just one announcement. We got our brother Andrew will be home on Wednesday. So just come with great expectation what the Lord has in store. Amen. Let's sing that little song. Laying up my treasures in that home above. Fully trusting. Well, I'm laying up my treasures in that home above. I'm trusting fully trusting in the Savior's love. I'm doing what I can for that heavenly love. Cuz I'm getting ready for to leave this world. Oh, now I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of I'm keeping my record right. I single day and night. I'm getting ready to leave. I'll sing that part again. I'm laying up my treasures in that hole above. Oh, I'm trusting fully trusting in my Savior's love. I'm doing what I can cuz I'm getting ready oh to leave this world cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of I'm keeping my record right, watching all day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, now I'm getting ready to leave this world. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm getting ready for those things. I'm keeping my record, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready, oh, to leave this world. I'm trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, in each earthly trial, by his love can raise. I'm sure that up in heaven, I shall find a place. Oh, I'm getting ready, oh, to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of pearl. I'll keeping my record right day and night. I'm getting ready. &gt;&gt; Oh, we heard about this promise. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go." And if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to leave here below. Oh, but I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for those gates of birth. I'm keeping my record. I'm watching both day and night. I'm getting ready. So, let's sing out the verse once more. Cuz to prepare a mansion, Jesus said, "I'll go." And if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to leave here below. But I'm getting ready to Oh, God bless you. We'll see you Wednesday night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of I'm keeping my record. I'm watching. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for those gates of I'm keeping my record. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready. I'll sing once more. Oh, and I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for those gates of birth. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave his world. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yes. He's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Ghost. He's got all three in one. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, I remember the day he saved me from a life of sin and shame. I went to that water rejoicing, baptized in Jesus' name. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you don't. He's God if you'll serve him. He's still God if you won't. And I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Oh, he was God in Moses. He was God in Paul, too. He was God in William Brana. And he's God in me and you. Cuz I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God in the pulpit. He's God at the back door. He's the God in a man corner. He's God all over the floor. I know God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. You see, I have a right to praise him, a right to worship him too because I saw my name reveal my lamb to I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God. Oh, Jesus is his name. You see, they call us holy rollers. They're all just making fun. But I'm glad I've got the Holy Ghost. I'm living in the Son. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. You see, I remember the day he saved me from my life of sin and shame. I went to that water rejoicing, baptized in Jesus name. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Oh, he's the God of deliverance. He's the God that brought me out. He's the God that heals my body. He's the God that makes me shout. Cuz I know God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, up in Sabino Canyon.
