################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - Be Not Soon Shaken  Pastor Matt Morse  05-14-2025 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   Be Not Soon Shaken | Pastor Matt Morse | 05-14-2025
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fOJiENazkE
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] awesome. He can move the mountains. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. And my God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened forever. He who will. Let's all stand and sing the chorus. And my God is awome. Oh, awome. Awesome. Awesome. My God is awome. Oh, he's awesome. Awesome. Awesome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. And my God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. And my God is awome. He's awome. Awome. Awesome. My God is awome. Oh, he's awome. He's awome. Awesome. My God is awome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. And my God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I've been weakened. Forever he will reign. And my God is awome. Oh yes, he's awome. Oh, he's awesome and awome. My God is awome. Oh, he is awome. Lord, you are awome. Awome. Oh, can you say amen to that this evening? We serve an awesome God that whatever we have, he's given us grace. He's forgiven us. Wash us p pur purified us with his blood and by his grace we're living. It's certainly good to be back home with each and every one of you. Appreciate your prayers while we were gone. It's good to see everyone's faces, some new faces. It's good to be here and ready to praise the Lord. Let's sing that song. He paid a [Music] debt. Oh, he paid a debt. He did not. I owed a debt I did not pay. I needed someone to wash my sin away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could. Oh, if you're thankful, sing it again to him. Oh, he paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt. He did not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I couldn't. Sing the second verse. Oh, he paid a debt at Calvary. He cleans my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erased and now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Oh, one day he's come back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory? Oh, to see him on that day. Oh, I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all home. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could. Oh, sing that verse once more. Oh, and one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that day? Oh, I then shall sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I couldn't it. Oh, sing that first verse once more. For he paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. Oh, and now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this evening. Aren't you thankful he paid your debt on Calvary? Amen. Brother Joe, will you go ahead and open the service in a word of prayer? Amen. You may have your seats to sing. What can wash away your sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, and what can wash away my sins? Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, and what can make me whole again? Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. And no, precious is the flow. Oh that oh makes me wide as snow no other bound I know. Oh nothing but the blood of Jesus. And for my pardon this I see. Oh nothing but the blood of Jesus. and for my cleansing discipling. Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. And oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No, the fountain. No. Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, nothing can for sin atone. Yes, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, not of good that I have done. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And all precious is the flow that makes me wide as snow. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, now by this I'll overcome. Yes. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, now by this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And no precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other bounds. I know nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh, and glory, glory. Thus I sing. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And all my praise. For this I bring. Nothing but the blood of Jes. I'm singing. Oh precious desert glow. Oh that makes me white as snow. Oh, no other mountain. No, it's nothing but the blood of Jes. I'm singing. Oh, precious is the [Music] flow makes me white as snow. No other bounty, no nothing but the blood of Jesus. And you ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. Oh, and when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say, "My sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Yes. was at an alltime altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. Oh, the Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. For they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God, my sins are gone. So when Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me doubt, I say, "My sins are gone. Oh, you got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. They're in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Good enough for me. Praise God. Amen. Let's all stand as the brothers come for the offering. I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. Oh, my soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know my sins are gone. For they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. The sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Amen. For the Lord, we take up the offering. And what a mighty God we serve. Yes. What a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God. I'll sing it to him again. Yes. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we [Music] serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God. Jesus is the God. Oh, Jesus is the God we serve. Yes, Jesus is the God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. I'm singing, "What a mighty God we serve." Yes. What a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God. Sing it once more. I'm singing. What a mighty God we serve. Yes. What a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus. Jesus is the God we serve. As brother David. Yes. And Jesus is the God we serve. Oh, Jesus is the God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. Amen. Give the Lord hand clap for praise this evening. [Music] [Music] [Music] at the altar. I can say without a doubt, I'm free to worship, free to lift up my hands and praise the Lord for what he's done for me. Got so much to thank him for. Chains that had me bound, they don't hold me anymore. Free to worship. free to worship the [Music] Lord. It used to be so hard just to lift up my hands. Real liberty was something I just didn't understand. I was bound by circumstances only God knew about. But I left them at the altar. I can say without a doubt, I'm free to worship, free to lift up my hands and praise the Lord. Oh, he's done so much for me. Got so much to thank him for. All the chains that had me bound, they don't hold me anymore. I'm free to worship. free to worship the [Music] Lord. There are so many things that I've been through in my life and you don't know the many times God has touched my mind. All the things that used to bind me now are laying at my feet. So if you don't want to praise him, then please don't hinder me. I'm free to worship, free to lift up my hands and praise the Lord. Oh, he's done so much for me. I've got so much to thank him for. All the chains that had me bound, they don't hold me anymore. Free to worship. free to worship the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. I'm free to worship, free to lift up my hands and praise the Lord. Oh, all he's done for me. I got so much to thank him for. All the chains that had me bound, they don't hold me anymore. I'm free to worship. Free to worship the Lord. Amen. Aren't you thankful for that this evening? Let's sing that song. Thanks. Thanks. I write this one down if you pull it up for me, brother Zav. We got so much to be thankful for this evening. Oh, thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I just want to say thanks. Oh, thanks. Lord, I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give first verse. I thank you Lord for the strength you give to help me carry on through life's toys and tests, the worst and best. You never left me alone. You were always right beside me. Hear me every time I pray. Since I first began, you've been my dearest friend. I want to give you praise. Thanks. Oh, thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I just want to say thanks. Lord, thanks. Yes, I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. How many you can say thanks this evening too. Let's all stand. We get ready to turn this service. Invite our pastor to come. Let's sing that song. Goodness of God. Goodness of God. How many you can say you've been living in the goodness of God this past year? And I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my day, I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness. Oh, let's sing that first verse again. I love you, Lord. Oh, aren't you thankful for that mercy? For your mercy never fails me. Oh, all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the good. Second verse. Second verse. I love your voice. [Music] You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. Oh, I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. Oh, I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, has he been faithful? Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the sing that second verse as our pastor comes. And I love your voice. Lord, you have led me through the fire. In darkest time, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of [Music] God. Cuz all my life he has been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the good Oh, I'll sing the chorus once more. Cuz all my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. [Music] Every sing of the goodness of [Music] God. I will sing of the goodness of God all my life. Cuz all my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. How many can say he's been good to you tonight? I want you to give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Amen. To be able to serve a God like that. Amen. Just a privilege to be able to come in in the house of God tonight. And Amen. Won't you just reach around and maybe just get out of your seat and go shake somebody's hand and and welcome in the house of the Lord uh tonight. Amen. What a privilege it is. Amen. Gabriel. Amen. Isn't he good? Amen. How many say God's been good to you? Amen. Sure enjoyed that special tonight. My we have freedom to be able to worship God. Amen. Not just to sing about it, but to really do it. Amen. What a liberty that we have to worship God. I love liberty. Amen. I wouldn't have no other way. We ought to be able to just follow the leadership of the Holy Ghost and I be able to get behind one another and allow God to move for us. Amen. Amen. Isn't he wonderful tonight? I worry my name. [Music] My God is so much bigger than troubles I face. Why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? My God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. [Music] Amen. That the battle is already done. Thank you, Lord. I know that my God is stronger. The victory already won. I mean, testify about that tonight. For he died for my ransom, rose up on the third day. Thank you, Lord. Oh, cuz my God is greater than death, hell, and the grave. I won't be shen. Well, I won't be moved. Our God is faithful. Yes, he is so faithful. His promise is true. Speak to the [Applause] mountain. It's time to move. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Can you sing it with us? I won't be shaken. So I won't be [Music] shen. No, I won't be moved. For my God is faithful and his promise is true. So I speak to every mountain and the mountain must move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Amen. There's no mountain to There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to be. There's no weapon. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to Amen. It don't matter what's standing in your way tonight. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. No problem to be. No weapon too strong. There's nothing for God that's impossible. Well, I won't be shaking. Well, I won't be moved. My God is [Music] faithful. His promise is true. So, I speak to the mountain. Yes, it's time to move. I know my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. How many can you say that tonight? Our God is a faithful God. His promise is true. But don't matter what we're facing tonight, we've got a right to speak the word of God over it. Amen. You believe that tonight? Somebody turn around to somebody and say, "Amen." Say, "God is faithful and his promise is true." Somebody tell somebody, "God is faithful." Amen. If you ain't told nobody today, here's your opportunity. God is faithful. You pass by a lot of people on the way to church. I bet you didn't tell nobody. But now we got a chance. Turn around, say, "Somebody, God is faithful and his promise is true." How many believes that tonight? I just happen to be a believer. I say, "Our God is faithful. His promise is true." His word still stands. Amen. It don't matter what we have standing in our way tonight, we have a right to speak to it. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. I want you to give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. We just want to remember brother JD is asking for prayer with his back. Ask the Lord to touch his body and if you have a need on your heart tonight, just lift your hand to the Lord. I know God knows all that we have need of. And and just trust that the Lord would come tonight and and be able to speak to our hearts and maybe you just let each one pray in their own way. Maybe pray for the people that's sitting near you. Somebody that you just have on your heart. Just call their name out to the Lord. Ask the Lord to come and move in a special way. Let's pray together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, I say it's privileging, Lord, to be able to stand here tonight, Lord. God, to be able to serve you and call ourselves sons and daughters of God. Lord, I just thank you, Lord, for another opportunity, Lord, another day, Lord, that we can worship you, Lord. God, you gave us breath in our lungs. Lord, you allowed us to come tonight and gave us strength in our body to be able to lift our hands and our voices. And Lord, we just thank you for the privilege to serve you. And Lord, what a mighty God that you are. Lord, how good that you've been to us, Lord. We couldn't even express it, Lord. How great that you are. Lord, how we love you so. Lord, we just ask you tonight, Lord, that you would speak to every heart. Lord, I pray that you would meet every need, God. that we could go from this place knowing that we've been in your presence, Lord. And we'll be careful to give you the glory for all that's done. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We just want to invite you to the scripture to the book of Second Thessalonians. And we'll read out of the second chapter and the first verse. We'll read down to about the fourth verse. Amen. Whoever that kid is, move him right to the front. Praise the Lord. Some little boy back there saying, "Hallelujah. You sit up right here by me. I I'll never forget I was over in India one time and it was so it was so crowded in that little building and they could pack three or 4 hundred people in a just a just a little bitty area, you know, and and I got to preaching and we were, you know, these little kids was on the front row and they just worshiping the Lord and and they wear you out over there as a couple hours into that into that service and but probably a couple hours into the sermon honestly, but it's only because it's double time because they uh they they interpret, you know, and but in the middle of that I was just to preaching along and and I I started to move to the right and and there was a little girl laying right there on the pull pit just sound asleep. I thought man there she started she was hallelujah for a little while but after a while she done more smooth out and well she just laid up there and I just stepped over and kept on preaching but ain't nothing wrong with some kids getting free in the house of God. So I just I just love the presence of the Lord. Maybe she felt the presence of the Lord so good she just fell right asleep. Amen. So that's okay too. But we just love the Lord tonight. Amen. and you love the Lord. Amen. I got something on my heart and I told Sunday that we would be speaking on this subject and uh so we just there's a lot in here and it's a lot. So, uh we just want to try to make it where everybody can see what we want to show. But in 2 Thessalonians the 2 chapter first verse, Paul said, "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that you be not soon shaken in mind or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter, as from us, as that day of Christ is at hand." In other words, they were they were uh going through a time where people were wondering, was it too late? Had they missed him? Is everything gone past? Is the Lord coming? And so Paul is given some instruction to the church and he says, "Let no man deceive you by any means. For that day shall not come except there come a falling away first and that the man of sin be revealed and the son of predition who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped so that he as God siteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." And I would like to take this subject tonight. Be not soon shaken as you take your seats. Be not soon shaken. Over the last few uh weeks, we've had uh some events that have taken place that have shaken the world. It's not uh it's it's been one great moments in history, especially in the United States. as you read. It doesn't matter where you read in the news, whether it be in the US or uh out of Europe and Italy and any uh even in India, Australia, no matter where you read, there's there's uh news that has taken the world by shock. Um and if you haven't been around or involved in it, you know, may not be something that too many thought was a great big deal. U but to the world that was watching it, it certainly has been that case. and uh in the election of a new pope. And so we we got to watch that here a few days ago, how uh that there was a new pope that was put into office. And of course, it's kind of been the uh the talk of all the religious communities over the past few weeks. And um and and the reason it's been that way is because it was actually uh prior to the pope being elected, just within a few days, even before the pope was elected, uh the news articles were quite different. They would say things like this that there's a 1% chance, a less than 1% chance that there would ever be a pope that would come out of the United States of America. I actually ran one article that said this. It said some that would believe that it is more likely one day to have a female pope than to ever have a pope come out of the United States. Well, you know what that means to uh the Catholic Church. There would never be a woman that would be in an office as a priest or an office as a pope. and and and actually even some Catholics believe that it would be more likely that one day the pope or the the church would transition to having a a woman as a pope than they ever would to have a pope come out of the United States. And so it was considered to be something that was impossible. It would uh matter of fact the reason was you can read this out of the New York Times. It says the United States was considered too powerful in the world to also put a man on the throne of St. Peter at the conclaves that elected Benedict the 16th and Pope Francis. Handicappers put a few Americans on the list of possible popes, but usually only with the caveat that they were long shots. In other words, it was just to appease the uh the priests and things in the United States, but never did they ever foresee that this is actually something that would take place. A matter of fact, this is the headline of the New York Times just a few days ago after the pope had got into office. The New York Times writes this, "An American pope as a question mark." An American pope, maybe it wasn't so impossible after all. So here, so you can see by the the term or the uh the language of the world uh that this was something that seemed to be a complete impossibility. And you know, I noticed on ABC News, there was actually, you know, there was a prophecy that actually uh went forth uh concerning the pope. and they actually had it on ABC News and and uh the uh the brother of of Pope Leo, his name was Lewis, brother his brother said that when he was just a six-year-old boy that their neighbor actually prophesied over him and said, "You will be the first American pope." He said, "I don't know where she got it or how she knew that." Uh but I know that she spoke that over his life. And you know, when I watched that on ABC News, you know, it just kind of c it's such an odd thing to think, brother Wesley, that here a man is elected as a pope. And on the news, they have an after-the-act hearsay prophecy from a man that that only after he was elected pope did they say anything about it. And then it was hearsay at that from some neighbor or some neighbor lady, but it was such a big thing that it was on ABC News that there was a prophecy concerning. And I thought, you know, isn't it something that you can go through all that and have an after the-act hearsay and that's a prophecy? But let me tell you what wasn't in the news. It was what what the prophet of God spoke in 1954 on on December the 19th. He said, "I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together." And the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy, they'll form an image like unto the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. the real true believers out of Methodist and Baptist and Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim Holiness, whatever they'll be, they will go together and cemented by the love of God that'll make up the body of our Lord Jesus Christ. All of the believers here, this brother Mark here, this is a pro a word that was spoken. I don't think brother Bram wasn't getting up there trying to make something of himself or trying to uh get any kind of recognition. He said, "But according to prophecy, there will be a pope coming out of the United States." I I thought here was a strange thing that that after that this statement was made, when brother made this statement, 1954, December the 19th, do you realize that nine months later, almost to the day, the very first first American pope was born, Pope Leo. He was born on September the 14th, 1955. Almost nine months to the very day that this word was spoken. And you know, I I thought it to be kind of a strange thing. I don't maybe there's no spiritual significance to it at all, but I know the man wasn't even thought of. But when a prophet of God said, "I know that there is coming one out of the United States," I thought it was quite an odd uh coincidence that it just so happened that uh that nine months later this man is born in the United States in Chicago. And I I I I thought, you know, maybe it's no spiritual significance of his natural birth or his natural seed. But let me tell you this, there was a spiritual seed that was certainly planted that day. And it was planted in the minds of the believers when a prophet of God said that he believed that one day there would be an American pope. And even though the world didn't think there would be and when the they thought it would be impossible and they thought it was less than 1% but because that word seeds planted in a believer's heart, they said, "One of these days there'll be a pope that's going to come out of America. Y'all may call us foolish and you may make fun of me and you may call me all these things, but one of these days there shall be." You know, the world they say it's impossible. They said it wasn't likely, but we always believe that that was going to happen because a prophet of God said it's going to happen according to prophecy. You know, I think that many would use this today and they would use this very uh word as a as a purpose or or a reason to vindicate a person or draw attention to uh to the prophet of God. But I'm going to use it for what he intended it for. It wasn't the purpose of it wasn't to draw attention to himself. The purpose of him making that statement was not to cause us to be followers after a man, but the purpose of it is that our eyes and the age that we're living in, that our spiritual eye would be open to the times in the in the season that we're living. And so, so here he noticed that he's showing that the prophecies that were in the b the Bible were going to come to pass. This is why the prophet would bring this up that here the what's in the Bible, it's going to come to pass in this last stage. And so here as we read this statement, I found so much power in this statement because when he would say that as this world would come together, this council would come together, he was referring to the world council of churches, which if you ever studied on it, uh which you know many years it was talked about, but in 1948 they had their first formal assembly of the world council of churches and it was joined by many churches. It was a great unified group. The purpose of it is to take down all the barriers of denominations and bring all of the churches together because they had gotten separated by different beliefs and dogmas and creeds and and so they they wanted to make a unified body. But you'll if you study the history, you'll find out that the one of the major churches that wasn't a part of the world council was the Catholic Church. They wouldn't be a part of it. They wouldn't join it. But they and the reason is because they believe that their stand uh w was that the reformation Christians uh didn't recognize the pope as being an authority. And so because these reformed Christians wouldn't recognize the pope as an authority, then they wouldn't be worthy of joining. They don't accept our authority. So so why would we join them? But I just want to lay this in here. But they actually weren't far from the very thinking of the World Council of Churches, which is what brother Brandon was uh speaking about many times through uh uh through the last uh several years of his ministry. But but but you'll notice that even after that that they even though they didn't join the council, but but they actually sent delegates to the council. Even today, they have delegates that represents the Catholic Church. And every time there's a WCC conference, the delegates of the Roman Catholic Church are present or represented in the conference. And but but you'll notice that even when this council was going on, they they were still preaching on unity. There was still it was a talk of bringing something together. And I'm building all this up for a purpose. But but in 1964, we we actually see this when they had their own council, the Roman Catholic Church. And this was the time uh when Pope Paul V 6 was in office as a pope. And he actually wrote a letter or or or a document that was actually passed by their uh by the the Vatican council. It was called the uh Unitatis redressio which in other words it was the restoration of unity and it got its name it it passed in the in the assembly in the council but it got its name from the the title actually came from the first line of the document. If you ever read it it would read this way. It says the restoration of unity among all Christians is one of the principal concerns of the second Vatican council. So here we are in 1964 while the world council of churches is building up and they're bringing uh the the these denominational churches together but then then the Catholic Church is saying the restoration of unity I want you to hear this is among all Christians is one of the principal concerns of the second Vatican council now here when they make this statement in other words our concern is the church would come back together the unity of all the Christians in other words there's these great religions that are raising up great Muslim religions and these great uh heathen religion. So all the Christians need to come together so we can combat this uh that whatever we face. But I want you to notice that whenever they would make this statement or this document in in uh 1964 that this is not the first time that the Roman Catholic Church had spoke of unity among the faith or among the believers. So this unitatus was actually in 1964 but it was similar to another call which happened back in 1894. Now I'm calling this to your attention for a purpose because the unatitus called for a reunion of all Christianom. In other words, everybody come together and in and you know it was uh uh and come together and and kind of fellowship have a fellowship together. But but the difference was that in this previous call which was in 1894 it was the last Pope Leo that there ever was. This was in in in the 13th Pope Leo and he actually wrote a letter called the preclara. And I know some of you that have studied religious history, I've read that uh uh before even in school that they actually talked about it. And and in this preclara, the difference between unatus and preclara is unatus in 1964 was saying that the church should come together and we could we could lay aside our beliefs and we could just kind of come together and find some form of fellowship and not be able to put our beliefs on one another. But the difference was is Pope Leo I 13th in 1894 the preclara it focuses on the unity of people of God and not to be separated but even in the very word of prayer it was a call to return to the fold under the unity of the viker of Christ in other words when Pope Leo called for a unity it wasn't to lay aside our beliefs he said we can have unity only under one head we want the churches to come together and we want the people to fellowship together. But the only way we will make that happen is if you recognize the headship of the pope as being the authority of all religion upon the earth. So this is the difference between Pope Leo's unity and the unatus unity in 1964. And so even in Pope Leo's letter in in in 1894, it's been criticized through the years through through Protestant churches. But in the letter, he writes this very words. He said, "We hold upon this earth as the Catholic Church. We hold upon this earth the place of God Almighty. In other words, if you want to find God, you got to come to me to get it. If you want to find the where the seat of God, the throne of God or access to God, you'll have to come to me to get it. You now and now reason I say this is important is because here recently we had a new pope that was elected into office. And here they went into the conclave and they passed forth their votes and you know how they come together and if they don't get a pope the next day they vote two times and that night they vote two more times the next morning two more times until twothirds of them can agree on one pope. The only people are voting is the people that are eligible to be a pope. They're all in a room locked in sequestered and make and voting to find somebody that can take this office. And and so the the important thing is that after a pope is elected, they all sit in anticipation for this great moment. What they're waiting for, brother Brian, is they're waiting to find out what this pope wants to be called. See, his name that was given by his birth mother. It won't be his name in the office of the pope. But every pope has their own right to choose their pope name. In other words, what I'll be and what and how I will be remembered. And and the reason it's important is because the name that they choose to it shows the world the direction that they want to go. So if they want to be a pope that that that was real given to the poor, then they pick a name of a pope that was given to the poor and he was a real he was real servant and I I I'm that kind of a hard and you know I want to be a servant too. And so they'll use that same pope's name and that's the name they'll use. But but notice when this pope was elected pope, he just happened to choose the name Pope Leo. The last time there was a Pope Leo, it was a call for unity under one head under the Pope under the Viker of Christ. I thought here it shows his nature. It tells you his directions. It tells you his beliefs. So friends, I I'll just say it like this tonight. I'm not going to hold nothing back, but don't be shocked whenever he writes his own letter of unity that includes the same language as Pope Leo I 13th wrote in 1894. You you don't have to be shocked. But let me tell you what he's going to find out whenever they go to writing these letters and calling for unity and calling uh for people to come uh uh under under this head, you know, but they'll find the same problems that they had in 1894. They still exist today. Let me tell you what they were. I'll just read it right out of their own book. They said the problems were in their letters of unity is that there are still some communities in the world that have insoluble doctrinal differences with Catholic Christianity. And because of these people's theology of the holy trinity is not compatible with the doctrine that was spoke at the council of Nika. So therefore, we can't have unity in the whole world cuz there's these communities out there that won't accept the doctrine of the trinity that happened in the council of Nika in 3:25 AD. I said, I'd like to call them beforehand and just let them know. You go ahead and write the letters that you want to write and you go ahead and you make a call for unity and you go ahead and make the stand that you want to stand. But I say unto you tonight that there still are communities around this world that will not bow down to a pope. They they won't come under the headship of some man. I say there's still communities. People's been a wrong They've been wrong about this all along. They they've been wrong about the whole thing. Even in the I may as well just lay it out, but even in the past few months or the past few years leading into this, you'll notice that everything's been about Russia and about communism again because there's a a war in Ukraine and they're threatening a third world war and all this communism is rising in the east. But here a prophet of God would say 1962. He said they say communism is going to take over the world. He said but don't you believe that communism ain't ever going to do nothing. He said it's Romanism that's going to rule according to the Bible. It has to before the coming of the Lord. This is what Paul was talking about. Second Thessalonians. And brothers have it up there. Paul said, "Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there be a falling away first and the man of sin be revealed. the son of predition who opposeth and exaltth himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped so that he as God siteth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God. So here Paul is telling the Thessalonian church don't worry about the coming of the Lord until you see this thing come to pass. There will be a great falling away and then the man of sin will be revealed. He'll exalt himself above all that is called God. He'll be as a God. He'll show himself to be God. Friends, it ain't communism. It's Romanism. You, this is the prophecy that Paul was laying to the Thessalonians. And he said, listen, what God is going to do, he said, he will send them a strong delusion and they will believe the delusion and be damned by the very lie. You say, well, what is the delusion? It's the delusion of Christianity. It's a delusion of worship. It's a delusion of God or things that are called God. They're under this great this great delusion. But but but Paul said there'd be them that believe not the truth. But let me tell you what that was. It was only to the unbelievers. But what about the believers? Let me tell you what Paul said. He said, "But in that time when they believe this lie, in that time when they believe a strong delusion, in that time that damnation comes to them," he said, "But God has from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth." You know what that tells me, brother Mark? that God has reserved somebody to believe the truth of his word. I thank God that sometimes we look around and the only thing we see is unbelief. When we look around that people's worshiping idols, people are wor the heathens, they worship after men. They're worshiping after churches. It reminds me of the prophet Elijah when he fled from the from from the presence of Ahab and he called out to God. He said, "The children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant. They've thrown down thy altars. They've slain the prophets with a sword." He said, "And I am only left and they looked to take my life." But I remember what God said. He called the prophet when he was laying under that juniper tree. And he felt like the whole world was coming down on him. God said, "Elijah, I want you to look. There's 7,000 over there that has never bowed a knee to bail." It's a call that God has reserved somebody to believe the truth. I I thank God that I'm a part of a chosen few people of God that'll stand on the truth of God's word. There may be unbelievers, but there's believers that have been reserved to the truth. There may be doubters, but there's believers that's reserved for the truth. There may be skeptics, but there's believers that have been reserved to the truth. We've been reserved to believe. They've always been unbelievers and skeptics and doubters. That's what they were all in the Old Testament with the Hebrew children. They wouldn't bow down to that great image. If you don't bow down, we're going to throw you in a fiery furnace, they said. But you know what? They wouldn't bow down. The devil couldn't get them to bow. Brother Mark, he couldn't get them to bend. And after a few days, he found out he couldn't get them to burn either because there was something on the inside of them that God had called him to that age to be able to stand. Oh friends, let me tell you, there's some believers in here tonight that you couldn't burn their experience out of them either cuz we've been purged by the Holy Ghost. Every doubt, every every spirit of skepticism, it's been purged out of my life by the spirit of God. I'm on fire. All right. Hallelujah. With the truth of the word of God. We've been reserved for truth. Amen. Listen what he said. We hold upon this pl this earth the place of God Almighty. Pope Leo, the last one. We hold upon this earth the place of God Almighty. Isn't that what Paul is speaking of? Think about he said that is worshiped so that he as God siteth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God. You see, in other words, they built this great throne that has been built up. And it is said by the church to be the seat of God. In other words, it's God's throne. But the reality is it's not God's seat at all. Do I got a minute? It's not God's seat at all. Can I show you where it is? Revelation 2 chapter, the Bible said, "And to the angel of the church of Pilgrim, write these things, sayeth he which hath a sharp sword with two edges. I know thy works and where thou dwellest even where Satan's seat is that thou holdest fast my name and hast not denied my faith even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr who was slain among you where Satan dwelleth. So if you want to see where this Satan seed is well it's real easy to find out just look up where Antipos was martyed because he said it was at the place where my Antipos my faithful martyr who was slain among you where Satan dwelleth. So you you actually look up the history of Antipos, you'll find this out that it was it was in Pergamin that he was martyed. And this man Antipos, you boy, it just makes you it oh boy, the the devil that he was killed because he casted out devils. He was he was killed because people worshiped demons and he would go to people and say, "If you want free of that, then I can lay hands on you and cast it out and God will free you from it." Other words, he found somebody that had an addiction to tobacco. He would cast out the demon. I I don't know what the demons were, but I know the people worship the demons. And here he was preaching, saying that God can deliver you of you and God can cast it out. And they killed him because he had the ability to cast out devils. I thought, my goodness, all he was was a good gospel preacher that that said if you're if you're bound by something, there's a way to get deliverance. If there there's something that's tormenting your spirit, there's a way to be free of it. And so and so here they murdered they murdered him. It was that great king Adalus that came and murdered and murdered Antipos. So you see this Adalas who who was the king of Babylon. I'm going I just want to go right through this scripture. Adalas at the time he was the king of Babylon. And here so we see the Bible use this word Babylon. Babylon the Greek Babylon. But Adalas was actually the king or the leader. And during the during the the Persian invasion they fled to to Pergamon. That's how they got transferred into this other region. But Adalus was still the leader. He was still the king the king priest many would call him. He he was the great man among them. So here it was in Pergamon that they actually they reestablished their kingdom. So what was in Babylon was reestablished in Pergamon. Same people. So they they went there. They reestablished their kingdom. And and and through the many years or the generations of Adalas, he his son would take over as king and then the next son would take over as king. And so we find that all the way down to Adalus III that after he died, he had no sons that could be the heir over the throne. And so Adalus III, he actually left in his written will that that all of Pergamon would be given unto Rome here. They were neighboring. They were they were over them. They they they they were a part of this this area. And so they willed the kingdom to Rome. So now what used to be Babylon that came and became Pergamon in the will it was given over to Rome and so Rome became the power over this Babylon. It it became the power over over the Pergamon area. And so so throughout the scripture you can see the the tie to Rome and Babylon. Ma matter of fact this is the this is the vision that John saw when he was on the aisle of Patmas. Remember when the emperor that that hated Christianity, he put he put John on the aisle of Patmas which was an exile for religious or political prisoners. So here he was put on this island, brother Wesley out by himself. This was 94 94 AD after after Jesus was gone almost a hundred years he was put out in this place. And so but but in this place that John was in this vision that he would have here in Revelation 17, he said, "He carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness. And I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet-c colored beast full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and 10 horns. And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color, decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication. And upon her forehead was a name written, Mystery, Babylon the Great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. And when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration. And the angel said to me, "Wherefore does thou marvel? For I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carth her, which hath seven heads and t horns." So here as as the angel is speaking to John, he sees this image of this great woman that's sitting upon these this or on this great beast that has these seven heads. And now he says, "But I will tell thee a mystery." In other words, when an angel says, "I'm going to tell you the mystery." He says that In other words, I'm going to explain it in a way that you can understand it. Is that is that okay? In other in other words, if I'm going to tell you the mystery, I'm going to give you the revelation of it. I'm I'm going to lay it out here where you can see it right now. It's a mystery. You don't know why you saw this great image. Who is this great woman? This this great Babylon that was sitting upon this great beast that had seven heads. But the angel says, "But I'm going to make this plain to you. I'm going to I'm I'm going to tell you the mystery." Now, the next words that the angel speaks, I love this. The next words that the angel speaks, they had to be plain to John because it was the revealing of a mystery. So here you'll notice I I want to lay this in here that the book of revelation which was written in 94 AD when John was on the aisle of Patmas here it was after 70 AD 70 matter of fact there was several books in the New Testament that was after that time period. Uh uh Matthew was Luke was uh all John 1, second John, Jude, Revelation they were all written after 70 AD. So here we are in 94 AD and and John has a vision. And the angel of the Lord is speaking to him in this vision. And he says, "But I want to make plain the mystery." He says, "The beast that thou saw and is not that ascended out of the bottomless pit and go into predition that dwell upon the earth shall wonder. They that dwell upon the earth shall wonder whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world. They will behold when they behold the beast that was and is and not yet is." In other words, they would wonder at it. They would marvel at it. They would be drawn to it. He said, "But here is the mind which hath wisdom." In other words, here comes the revelation. The seven heads are seven mountains on which the woman siteth. Now, if for me and you to read that, you'd say, "Well, how is that make a how is that a revealing of a mystery?" It almost sounds like the angel answered a mystery with another mystery. He said, "The mystery revealed is the seven heads are seven mountains on which the woman siteth." But you'd have to know the time that John lived in here. a man that was that was accustomed to Rome and a and an outcast there and and no doubt been involved in in in buying and selling. And you'll notice that in 71 AD, the emperor uh Vespasia in 71 AD actually made a Roman coin. This is how much this mystery was made plain unto John. There actually was a Roman coin and on the back of the coin they had the goddess Roma. The goddess Roma, in other words, which represented Rome. It was a symbol of Rome. But notice what she's sitting on. Even when you read about Roman history, it was the goddess Roma that's sitting on the seven hills of Rome. So in 71 AD, this coin is prevalent in Rome. This is what they're they're packing around their nickels and quarters in their pocket. I I thought here John that no doubt bought and sold that, you know, he had to eat, he had to buy and sell things. But this was a Roman coin that it was so common known in Rome that this is what that this was uh that this was seven hills and this great power was sitting upon these seven hills that when the angel is revealing to John what this mystery is. Who is this great mystery woman that is sitting or riding on this seven-headed beast? The angel said, "Well, here's the mystery made plain. The seven heads are seven mountains which the woman sits on." So now John who a man that no doubt would would understand that language very clearly the I know the seven hills that the woman sits on it's Rome and it's the power it's that Roman power that great power that is sitting upon this land you you realize that that that it made it plain of what he was speaking of. In other words this seat of power the Bible speaking of this seat of power in Rome is not the seat that God sits on but it's the seat that Satan sits on. So here this is what John saw. This is what's been passed down through the ages that people have let go by and and wouldn't understand or wouldn't read. And now here they come and the in the in the very own pope in 1894 says, "This is the throne of God. This is the place of the sovereign God. This throne that I'm sitting on, the throne of St. Peter is the throne of God himself." But here that John would have a revelation. The angel said, "It ain't certainly the throne of God. It's the seat of Satan that he's sitting on." It ain't I I tell you what it the Satan seat is actually referring to the power that is within Rome. So it's not a throne of God. It's a throne of the devil. I'll just lay it out there. They they can hunt me down if they want to, but I'm just reading the Bible. It was the It was Satan's seat. You say, "Well, what what is that power?" It's the power of this Roman Empire. You think about what the power that they had even in the time of did I run out of time? Even in the time of Constantine, he was the great emperor of Rome, known to be one of the one of the the the great men. And really he was just a great politician but and he but and he had great great wars and and and but but here they had came together in the time of Constantine with the pagan priests and at that time they were called they they were called the nicicoatan. In other words they had their own religion. They were the priest over Rome and so Constantine came together with this nicicoatan to form a a a a place or a a unity with the church or this power of Rome. and and here all of this time they had been known by their military power and by the by the strength of the empire and all and and you know and the power that the empire had. But but now the niclatans brother said notice the nickelans they at one time in the church of Ephesus it was just deeds. They just held power over people and they just they ushered authority over people. But but now it actually became doctrine. In other words, in in the in the in the 300 AD in that 3rd century, it became the doctrine of the church that they established these great men and great great fellows and these high priests and they they established them over people. This wasn't something that God done in the book of Acts. This is something that the church done uh 300 years uh uh later. So, so you see it became the doctrine. They had high priests. They they didn't call them popes yet, but they were called archbishops, great fellows, men of renown. But their doctrine, it was formal. He said, "But what they were doing was getting away from the spiritfilled, Holy Ghostled church." So here they were trying to get away with all these heretics and they let them go off in the minority. They called them heretics because they wouldn't agree with them. And they had these great denominations. They were forming these great churches. They they formed these great cathedrals. They they went out and had great campaigns where people gave taxes and money to build these great these great uh golden buildings and places a place that was worthy of a temple of God. uh a place that was worthy for a deity to be able to sit upon a throne. And on the backs of people, they built these great things. They they established the these these great things, he said. But really, and then the people that would stand on the truth, they deemed them as heretics. They hunted them. They killed them. They murdered them just like they did in Israel in the days of Jesus. They they hunted them down. He said, "But the church, it didn't matter what happened. The church wanted to be free under the jurisdiction and the power of the Holy Spirit as Christ had promised them. He promised he'd be with them. He promised he'd be their king. And something in the heart of a believer causes them to to hold on to that promise that I was promised that I didn't have to come under the jurisdiction of a man-made religion. I I don't have to be under the jurisdiction of a man or the headship of a pope or something like this. He said, "See, brother said, and the true church has never changed its attitude. It can't be ruled by some board." I don't know what you want to call them out there, cardinals, bishops, popes, infallible ones, but we don't believe that. There ain't but one infallible one, and his name is Jesus Christ. He's our king. He's the King of Kings. He's the Lord of Lords. He's the one that's with us now in the form of the Holy Spirit. He's God in us, living among us, leading us and guiding us to the waters of life, showing just as he did in those early saints and martyrs that he's the Lord God of creation. He's still healing the sick. He's still raising the dead. He's still showing visions. He's still casting out devils. He's the same God. Brother said, "You can't find one place." I would challenge you today. Find one place where a pope ever raised the dead. found one place where they ever had the the the ability to to come out and do signs and wonders because the Bible never said signs and wonders would follow after the nickel. But my Bible said they would follow after believers. These signs shall follow them that believe. Not not the unbelievers, not the unrighteous, but these signs shall follow them that believe. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. They shall cast out devils in my name. They shall cast out devils. They went off after their denomination. Listen what he what they done. He said they consolidated for the denomination and they sold out their birthright to the Holy Ghost. Think about gave it away. He said, "But the true church still has the power of the Holy Spirit." You know what that means? She still lays hands on the sick and they still recover. She still preaches in the name of Jesus. She still hates that nickelan spirit. Amen. But look at what Constantine done. He built this great empire there. as they were building it, they these so-called Christians said, "See what they were? They weren't really Christians. They were professionals without the Holy Spirit." In other words, it was Christians, denominational Christians without the Holy Ghost. They were Christian by name. They were Christian by their gathering together. They were Christian by their taking communion. They were Christian by they kept their orders, but they rejected the leadership of the Holy Ghost. They had no signs and wonders among them. They claimed those things were in the past. And they had to set up a church to be the reign or to be the head. So you notice that this throne would change this headship changed in Rome from pagan Rome to pap Rome which meant in other words they ushered in a pope and now the pope became the head of Rome. So not is it just this great Roman Empire that went out with a great military might and emperors but now it became papal Rome. In other words, it was led by a great pope. It was a spiritual place. It was led by a spiritual leader and and under this under this paparoma or this priesthood, he would be from now on known as the holy father. He would be the descendant handed down from St. Peter. And so they will sit what what's called the throne of St. Peter today. What's called that you're going to sit on on St. Peter's throne. In other words, he has such an infallibility that whatever he says goes to every Catholic in the world. Any real Catholic, if the pope comes out and says this is the way it is, then that's the way it is. It doesn't matter how much it changes. One day it's okay for this. One day it's okay for that. One day they they change their whole religion. It's okay to have homosexuals in the pull pit now. It's okay to to to allow this. It it don't bother God no more. Fornication don't bother God no more. It's okay if you're a part. And so they they they built up this great Rome to where the pope became infallible. And then they venerated the saints and they became miniature gods. Notice this. Notice this transition here. the Roman Empire which had great Greek gods, you know, all the the gods of Poseid and all these stories that people now it's just all uh mythology and superhero movies that they but but but but then it was their gods these these great Greek gods. But notice how that when they turned to Paparon, they had to they they wasn't going to take that god no more because they had these nickelans and they they had made this agreement to be Christians and and so what they did is they took the saints of old and they made those saints miniature gods. So here where they had gods before, now they just made them out of the saints. A matter of fact, even Antipos that was martyed was made a saint. You can actually go to a Catholic bookstore today and you can buy a little image of St. Anttopos. Many people carry it around. They carry it on their necklaces. You can look online. You can get them right on Amazon. They they got him on bracelets and and and and he's a pretty good saint and they actually use him in case you ever have a toothache. He's the saint of toothaches. So if you're ever getting a toothache, you can call up on St. Anipos. you and and you use him to get rid of your toothaches. Well, you know, it ain't bad if you have a toothache. Maybe you need maybe you need a healing from it. But they have saints for all things. So they it didn't matter what what it was. If you needed healing, it had some throat related issues, it was St. Bla1. Or maybe if you was going to travel or go on a trip, needed a s a safe passage, you would call on St. Christopher to give you a safe passage. This is the the saint if you have a nervous or a mental disorder, then you can call on St. uh St. Dipna for your mental disorder. My goodness, they need to call on St. Dna. A hopeless cause, you call on St. Jude or about St. Raphael. If you find if you're looking for a spouse, looking for trying to find somebody to marry, call St. Raphael. He's the one that you can intercede on your behalf. St. Bernard, can you imagine if we was preaching this just now? It's St. Bernardino, the patron saint of communications and advertising and compulsive gambling. If you have a gambling problem, you could call on St. Bernardino to help with the gambling problem. You could, matter of fact, you could call St. Margaret and she was invoked for women's health and and and to have a good child birth or or or or uh St. uh uh uh Ponas, which was the saint of children and those who are suffering. St. Anne, the grandmother of Jesus, you often pray for her for motherhood or family issues. Or St. Vitus, who's the saint of children and those that have epilepsy. So, so it didn't matter what your ailment is. There's hundreds. I'm not going to read them all, but it it doesn't matter what your ailment is or what trouble that you get into. There's always a saint that you can call on as an intercessor. It's a miniature God. You they they can communicate with you. Say, "Brother, may I I I know you're I know you're you're making part of that up, but I'm really not." A matter of fact, can I just say it like this? I I went ahead and looked at it. I've got this straight off the Catholic teen website for all the the young people in the room that when you start your journey to be a good Catholic or or to make your walk with God, you go through what the Catholic calls a confirmation. And the confirmation is a sacrament that you take where you come up before the priest. And in this confirmation, it's a special sacrament. In other words, it's where you're going to receive baptismal grace from God. You're going to and and by doing this, you're going to be it's going to equip you with the Holy Spirit and you're going to fully become a Christian. And so it's a it's actually a mature affirmation of your faith. So when you come to confirmation, it means you came to an age that you can maturely accept this faith and say, "I'm going to walk in it and I'm come to my confirmation. I in other words, I'm of age to make this decision and and you're going to it's a call that you're going to participate and active in the church's mission." So through the confirmation, Catholics actually receive a special outpouring of the Holy Spirit and it empowers them to live out their faith more effectively and to witness and to witness Christ in their daily lives. But I want you to notice what happens in this confirmation. It's a great time because in the confirmation on the teen website, it says, I want to give you an example. The following list is for you to use as a starting point in your journey because when you make your confirmation, you have the opportunity to select a confirmation saint buddy. So that that that means when you make your confirmation for the rest of your life, you're tied to your confirmation saint. So you better pick a good one. You better pick one that so they tell you you need to study their life and find somebody that you can be saint buddy with so that when you get in trouble, brother Wesley, that you can call on your confirmation saint buddy that was there when you made your confirmation. He was a witness between you and God. I'm not saying this is a mockery. I'm preaching it right out of there right out of the team website. Once you make your confirmation with your saint buddy, he becomes a friend to you and and and you pick a saint that or a servant of God who speaks to you somehow. know their story, but mostly know the power of their prayer. Ask for their intercession just like you would ask for a prayer of your friends and say yes to a confirmation saint. That is it. It's just like saying yes, you may always pray for my poor and weary soul. So when you select a saint buddy or a confirmation saint, you're saying that that's the person that I want interceding for me for the rest of my life. And and this is the teen website, so they got a little bit of hype language in it, but it says, "How fantastic is that? I pray that in this process you don't just find a confirmation uh saint but you also and find a incredible lifetime friend. I thought my here we are in searching but that ain't all and I I'm not going through it all but but but but then they also have that that there's holy helpers. I mean and you get into trouble that none of the other saints that can get you out of. There's 14 holy helpers that you can call on that when you get in trouble that you can call a whole army of 14 if you want to to come and bail you out. I thought, "My God, I'm so glad that I don't have to call on 14 holy helpers to get me out of trouble when I get myself in trouble. I'm so glad I don't have 14 holy helpers for me to get a hold of God. But my relationship with God, it don't require a saint buddy. It don't require a lifelong saint friend in order to get me through. But my Bible said God is our refuge and strength. He's a very present help in the time of trouble. Therefore, we will not fear. Though the earth be removed, though mountains be carried into the midst of the sea, though the waters roar with be troubled, though the mountains shake with a swelling thereof, but there is a river, the streams shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most high. And God is in the midst of her, and she shall not be moved. Hallelujah. I thank God. He said, I'm a everpresent help. And when you call on me, I'm there. I'm there to hear your prayer. I ain't calling on an intercessor. I'm calling upon God. I ain't got I'm not moved by Let me tell you, friends, the church of the living God, she won't be moved by Catholicism. She won't be moved by denominationalism. She won't be moved by by nickelanism. She won't be moved by the doctrines of men. She ain't going to be bound by the seed of Satan. Hallelujah. She ain't going to be bound by Babylon. Right. But this bride church is unmovable. She's unmovable. Brother Wesley, he said, "How is she unmovable?" Here's what David said. He said, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, but he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water." Watch how he depicts Christ. He depicts him as an unmovable tree. Said, "Here he is, a tree planted by the rivers of water. His leaves will not wither." He says, "See, when Christ come to the earth, he was God's perfect tree. David saw him in the psalm, he writes about him. His leaves won't wither, but when he comes on earth, what happened? The Roman power cut the tree down and hung him on a man-made tree." Said, "But then God raised him back up and set him on the right hand and sent the spirit back to make a bride for him like Adam should have had in the Garden of Eden." Says, see, so we hear the pope saying, "All the churches, come back to the mother church. Come back to the beginning. come back to Rome. But somebody find a historian that can tell you that the church started in Rome. It never started in Rome. This church started in the book of Acts on the day of Pentecost in Jerusalem. Hallelujah. 300 years later, the organization began in Rome. But the church started in Jerusalem. Say, see, God is raising up a bride tree for Christ with the same spirit that was in Christ. And he went to raising up that tree and notice what happened. That Roman bug got on it and be to break it off again. The palm worm ate on it. The cankerworm ate on it. The locust ate on it. So it was nothing down to a stump. But Joel said, "I will restore, sayeth the Lord." He said, "And that tree is going to come forth again, sir. For the bride tree is coming after the bride." Amen. It's a restoration of the spirit of God in the church. You think about what God is doing in this age. The Bible says all that was in God was poured into Christ. And all that was in Christ was poured into church. So you or into into the bride. You see, so if Christ is an unmovable tree, what's that say about you? I can tell you what what Paul said. He said, "Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but Jesus said he shall also shake the heavens." He said, "In this word, yet one more signify that the removing of those things that are shaken, but of the things that are made, but the things that which cannot be shaken, they shall remain." The things that can be shaken will be removed, and what can't be shaken, it shall remain. He said, "Wherefore we receive in a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace whereby that we may serve God acceptably and with reverence and with godly fear." Oh friends, I don't know about you, but aren't you glad to be a part of a kingdom that cannot be moved. Brother Mark, a kingdom that cannot be shaken. This whole world is all shaken up. They're all What's going on? What's this call about? What what age are we living in? What what's it's communism again? It it's it's Catholicism again. It's all it's over again. They get all shook up with every world event that takes place. But I thank God that I'm not living in that world. I'm in a kingdom that cannot be moved. We're living in another realm. Paul said in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Therefore, the things that shakes the world, it don't shake the bride. The things that moves the world, it don't move the bride because you know who you are, brother Mark. You're living under the life of that same tree that was planted by the rivers of water. And the very life that flowed through that tree is flowing through the bride of Jesus Christ today. kingdom that cannot be shaken. Paul said, "There is one God and there is one mediator between God and man. It's not a pope. It ain't a bishop. It ain't a priest." He said, "It's the man Jesus Christ." I say, "Somebody stand their feet and say, "Amen." He said, "There's one God and one mediator between God and man. Not a pope, not a not a priest. It's not a man. It's not a It's not a church. He said, "It's the man Jesus Christ." That means your relationship between you and God is between you and God alone. Isn't that what God's been trying to do all along? To lead the church by the Holy Ghost, to lead men and women by the Holy Ghost. This is the This is God's purpose. Re said, "That's our our relationship with God. It can't be between you and somebody else. It can't be between you and a priest. You can't go to a priest as you know people all all the time you you get to talking to somebody and they want to tell you everything. It's like you know what you don't have to tell me all that. I'm not a priest. I've said that many times. I'm not your priest. Yeah. I'm not the priest. You don't you don't have to come and tell me. I mean some of that stuff you just talk to the Lord about. You know we're not priests. You know, we're it's not about it's not about coming under under somebody or or letting somebody rule over your life or dictate your life. You ought to be men and women of God that's led by the Holy Ghost. And if God says do, then you should do. We get so wrapped up following men that we can't even do the will of God because we're worried about what the man's going to think. But when God says do, you do. When God says walk, you walk. When he says shout, you shout. He says move, you move. How could God ever use a man that wouldn't allow God to use you? That had to go have an intercessor between him and God. I'm not saying that you don't that you don't have elders that you can call on that can help you and and make decisions and pastors. God put that in the church for a reason to help, but not to dictate your life. In no means was it to dictate your life. Sons of God are led by the spirit of God. That's the Bible. They're led by the spirit of God. Reb said, "Christians, you must have a personal relationship to God." In order to be a son of God, you got to come in relation to God. He must be your father. There's our holy father. He must be your father in order for you to be his son. And only his sons and daughters are saved. Not members of a church, but sons and daughters. And there's only one thing that'll ever produce that, and that's a new birth. That's the only thing that'll produce a relationship with God. My isn't that wonderful? Our holy father, our heavenly father, brother Wesley, that has a desire to have a relationship with his children. You see how the devil would come through all of these years and to remove that and build up some great image and put some man or some system in between people and God to where you can't even go serve God like you like you want to. But then God would come in the last days and he would call us and say, "Come out of her, my people." Glory to God. Come out of her, my people, and be not a partaker of her sins. Amen. But be men and women. Have a relationship with God. I don't know about you, but it does something to me to think that God would go through all of this. Can I say trouble? He'd go through all of this trouble just to have a relationship with each one of us. That he would lay that in prophecy. That he would allow John to to be put in prison for two years. I imagine when John got thrown in prison, he was so mad at God. I didn't do nothing but do right. I I I I walked the line. I done what you told me. And now I'm getting locked up in a prison. throw out here on this crazy exiled island. Little did he know that God was using it. But to think that God would put him through that for you to see what you see today. Many women and many men have gone before us that have paid a great price for you and I to be able to hold this Bible and believe it. And friends, I've got news for you. No matter what it takes, there's going to be men and women that'll continue. They'll carry it on. They won't lay it down. There ain't nothing going to take it away from you. There's no organization there. There's nobody that you you think that this spirit of unity that is being brought about to the world is a forceful thing. Let me tell you, it's so deceiving that it looks like the right thing. It's not. They ain't coming around with whips making everybody doing it. They're saying, "My shouldn't we all be together? Shouldn't we all come under?" After all, what would it hurt if there wasn't no more wars anymore? Think about it's just a deceiving way to take the power of God away from the sons and daughters of God. Friends, let me tell you, we don't join a church to be a member, but we be we we need to be born of the spirit of God and be a son and daughter of God. Amen. How many believes that tonight? Can we sing that song? I pledge allegiance to the lamb. Do you know that? I pledge alce to the lamb with all my strength and with all I am. I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alance to the lamb. I have heard how Christians long ago. They were brought before a tyant's throne. And they were told that he would spare their lives if they would renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die. That the son of God they would not deny. Like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear. I wonder how many would sing with them tonight. I say I pledge my alance to the lamb. For with all my strength and with all I am, I will seek to honor him. is coming. I pledge alce to the land. Well, now the years have come and the years have gone, but the cause of Jesus still goes on. Now our time has come to count the cost to reject this world and raise the cross. So one by one let us live our lives for the one who died to give us life. Till the trumpet sounds on that final day. Well, let us gladly stand and boldly say, I pledge my allegiance to the land. For with all my strength, and with all that I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge my alance to the lamb. I pledge my alance to the lamb. For with all my strength and with all that I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alance to the lamb. Now the years have come and the years have gone, but the cause of Jesus still goes on. Now a time has come to count the cost to reject this world and embrace the cross. So one by one let us live our lives for the son who died to give us life till the trumpet sounds on that. Let us proudly stand and boldly say, I pledge my allegiance to the Lamb. For with all my strength, and with all that I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge to thee. [Music] Let the worshipers arise. [Music] Yes, my Lord. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender. [Music] Father, I see that you are drawing line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand. [Music] I'm surrendering [Music] my surrender to the king. I hear it grow louder. The song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakened to sing from our hearts to come to hear the praises to the king. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughter [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I see that you are [Music] drawing. I want to be standing by your side. Hold in your hands. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it going louder. The song of your redeemed as a saint of every nation. Awakening to sing from our hearts. There comes an anthem. Hear our praises. Ring. This is our song. Song to our king. With the worshipers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshipers [Music] arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. [Music] Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand like your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers [Music] arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshipers [Music] arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters see. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I [Music] see in the sand. [Music] Let your kingdom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughter [Music] sing. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and your daughters [Music] sing. I surrender in my [Music] own. I surrender to the king. Hallelujah. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? certainly good to us, isn't he? Hallelujah. How many believe that has a powerful message tonight? Amen. Absolutely good preaching tonight. And I know it's been burning on his heart. And thank God we have a man of God to take time and labor in the word of God and bring us something fresh. Amen. Well, I appreciate Brother Matt from the bottom of my heart tonight. and uh my heart was fed tonight. God's good to us. On a Wednesday night, God comes about, shows up and shows out and lets us know he still cares for us and he's here for us. Let's sing that little chorus, Days of Elijah, just before we go to the city. [Music] Oh, these are the days of Elijah, declare in the word of the Lord. And these are the days of your servant Moses, righteousness be and restored. [Music] And all these are days of great trials, of famine and darkness. And so still we are the voice in the desert crying, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud, shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpet's call. Hear your voice. It's a year of jubilee. Out of Zion's hill, salvation come. These are the days of Ezekiel. Dry bones be coming as flesh as Lord. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding this temple of praise. These are the days of the harvest. For the fields are just right in your world. And we are the laborers in your vineyard. Declare in the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets call in your voice. It's a year of jubilee. Out of Zion's salvation. No god like Jehovah. No God. Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding over the clouds, shining like the sun. Oh, as the trump is called, lift your voice. It's a year of jubilee. [Applause] [Music] Oh, there's no God like Jehovah. One more time, sing it like tonight. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes rising on the cloud shining like the sun. Oh, and the trumpets falling the year of jubile is his salvation. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, we thank you, Lord Jesus, for such a time as this, Father. Hallelujah. Lord, modern events make clear by prophecy, Lord God. Lord, our hearts burn within tonight, Lord, to seeing the reality of your precious word that was sent to us, Lord God. Lord, it's going home time, Lord. We feel a pull like never before, Lord God. Lord, we pray tonight, Lord Jesus, that you'll just, Lord, will a revival in our hearts, Lord God, to praise you a little more. Clap our hands a little more. Run a little more, Lord God. Lord, it's the hour of jubilee. It's a sounding of jubilee, Lord God. A releasing, oh Lord, of your anointing, Lord God, that let's allows the bride know, Lord God, we're not going to bow down to no pope. We're not going to look at nothing else. only you, Lord, Christ in us, the hope of glory, Lord. Lord, we thank you tonight for the word, Lord. We thank you for your presence tonight, Lord God. God's not dead. He's certainly alive, and he's living and rolling in believers, Lord God. And that's what Grace Tabernacle believes tonight, Lord God. Once again, we thank you for such a time as this tonight, Lord, rallying around your precious word, Lord God. We thank you, Lord, for our pastor, Lord. We pray that you're strengthening tonight, Lord. Brother Andrew Glover out in the field, Lord God, we pray that you'll just bless his soul, Lord. God, give him strength for his labor, Lord. Give him souls for his labor. In Jesus Christ's name we pray tonight. Do you love him? Amen. Oh, I sure appreciate him, don't you? Tonight, as we go tonight, oh, all things are clear tonight. remember our service Sunday and look forward to another good time in the Lord. Let's sing it opening up the King's Highway. God bless you, saints. If you're not walking, start while I'm talking, walking up the king's highway. Oh, there's a joy in knowing with him I'll be going. Well, walking up this king's highway. Oh, highway to Oh, John can walk up there. Oh, but the fear. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I'm walking up the king's highway. Way gets bright, my low gets lighter. Walking up this king's highway. If you be the best, there is a blessing. We're walking up this king's highway. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. Well done. Can't walk up to heaven. Woke up my pure heart. It's a highway to heaven. Boy, I'm walking up the king's highway. [Music] If you're not walking, star while I'm talking, walking up the king's highway. Oh, there's a joy in knowing with him I'll be your way. Walking up the king's highway. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there. Oh, but the pure in heart. It's a highway to heaven. Oh, I'm walking up this king's highway. My way is brighter. My lighter. Walk my way. [Music]
