################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 04-06-2025  Our Eternal Source  Bro Aaron Oglesby - Aaron Oglesby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    04-06-2025 | Our Eternal Source | Bro Aaron Oglesby
Speaker:  Aaron Oglesby
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g86iJya6fo8
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Let's all stand and sing that first verse. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Oh, nothing like the presence of the Lord. And I'm free in his presence. And I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm forgiven. Oh, I'm not the same. I've changed forever in his presence. Oh, you need healing this morning? There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. Yes. Healing in his presence. Healing in the presence. Oh, healing in the presence. Oh, there's freedom in his presence. Yes, there's freedom in his presence. Oh, freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh, freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. Sing it to him now. Yes, I'm free in his presence. And I'm here in his presence. I'm forgi. Oh, I'm not the same. I've changed forever. Oh, sing that chorus once more. Yes, I'm free in his presence and I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm [Music] forgiven. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, aren't you thankful for that this morning? And you are awesome in this place, mighty God. And you are awesome in this place. Aba Father, and you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Sing the chorus again. And you are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, sing that first verse as we come into your presence. Pass the gates of praise into your sanctuary. Till we're standing face to face. Oh, I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace and I can only bow down and say that you are awesome in this. Oh yes, oh God. Come inhabit the praises of your people. Father, awesome in this place of a father. And you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Second verse. Lord, I come to you in worship. I lift my voice to sing. I invite you to the table that you've prepared for me. As I dwell in your anointing, I surrender everything. All glorious to the King of Kings. For you are awesome in Oh [Music] yes. Oh, you are awesome in this place of a father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this. Oh, sing the chorus once more. Cuz you are awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place of a father and you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. You are worthy of all praise and you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise and you are awesome in this place mighty God. Amen. Can you give him a hand clap of praise this morning? He certainly is worthy of all the praise and worship we can give him this morning. It's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. I know we got some that are sick, some that are stuck with the flood, flooding and stuff like that, but it's good to see each one here in the house of the Lord, ready to worship him and praise him and pull on the word. We have brother Aaron Ogles be with us. I know he said it was a little uh tough traveling with the flooding and stuff like that, but we're thankful that they made it here safely. Just expect great things this for God just to come and minister to each one of us this morning. Brother Joe, will you open in a word of prayer? Jesus [Music] [Music] [Music] name. Hey man, you may have your seats this morning. I know it's storming and stuff like that, but I still believe we can say this morning that this is the day that the Lord hath made. So I will rejoice and be glad in it. And I sing that song this morning. Oh, and this is the day. Oh, this is the day that the Lord hath made. That the Lord hath made. Oh, I will rejoice. Yes, I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord hath made and I will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, this is the day. Oh, this is the day that the Lord had. I'll sing it once more to him. Oh, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord hath made. That the Lord hath made. I will rejoice. Yes, I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord hath made and I will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, this is the day. Yes, this is the day that the Lord had. Oh, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Oh, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and hold up. I'll sing it once more. Oh, ain't God [Music] good? So many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love, and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. So I will praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning, in the noon time. Praise him. Yes, praise him. I'll praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, I will love him. Love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the noon time. Love him. Yes. love him. I'll love him when the sun goes down. And I will trust him. I'll trust him. I'll trust him in the morning. Trust him in the new time. Trust him. Trust him. I'll trust him when the sun goes down. Yes, I will serve him. Oh, serve him. I'll serve him in the morning. Serve him in the noon time. Serve him. Yes, serve him. I'll serve him when the sun goes down. Oh, let's praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Yes, praise him. I'll praise him when the sun I'll sing it once more. Oh, I will praise him. I'll praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. I'll praise him when the sun goes down. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praises this morning. Let's sing that song. God is good all the time. God is good. And if you're walking or through the valley, oh, there are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. Oh, God will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you or nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good. Oh, all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. Oh, through the darkest night, his light will shine. For God is good. Oh, God is good. Oh, all the time. Sing that first verse. If you're walking through the valley, oh, there are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. My God will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you or nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good for all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time and through the darkest night his light will shine. For God is good. Oh, God is good. Oh, all the time. And we were sinners so unworthy. Still for us he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh that his love is everlasting and his mercies they shall never end. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time and through the darkest night his light will shine. My God is good. Oh God is good. Let's stand and sing the second verse again. We were sinners so unorth. Oh, aren't you thankful? He chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh, that his love is everlasting. Oh, and his mercies, yes, they shall never end. God is good. Oh, all the time he puts a song of praise in this. As the brothers come, God is good. All the time through the darkest night, his light will shine. Oh, God is good. My God is good all the time. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? Brother Morgan, will you pray over this offering? [Music] [Music] Cuz I'm a pill grumb, a stranger. I'm wandering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to that fair city. Oh, when the saints go [Music] maring. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. And oh, I know I'll see my Savior. If my life is free from sin. Oh, heaven's doors will open for me. Oh, when the saints go maring in. For when the saints go marching in, yes, when the saints go marching in, and Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in, and when we gather around the throne and the gates are closed within. Oh, I'll be shouting. Glory, glory. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, now I'm waiting for my the offing to swing low and I'll step on it and on the clouds I'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saints as Sister Destiny brings your song. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Amen. You may have your seats. Sister Sophie, be ready to sing right after her. [Music] In and out of [Music] situations, that tug of war in me. All day long I struggle for the answers that I need. And then I come into his [Music] presence and all my questions become clear. And for that sacred moment, no doubt can interfere in the presence of Jehovah. God Almighty, he's my prince of peace. Trles vanished, all hearts are men. in the presence of the king. Through his love, the Lord [Music] provided a place for us to rest. A place to find the answer in the hour of distress. Now there's never any reason for you to give up in despair. Oh, just slip away and breathe his name. I know he'll surely meet you there in the [Music] presence of Jehovah. The God [Music] Almighty. Yes. The prince of [Music] peace. Trles. All hearts are men. in the presence. Oh, of our king. [Music] [Music] [Music] Weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper. When the darkness falls, it won't prevail. Cuz that God I serve knows only how to triumph. My God will never fail. Oh my God will never fail. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. There's power in the mighty name of Jesus. Every war he wages, he will win. I'm not backing down from any giant. That's not how my story ends. Yeah, that's not how my story is. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. You take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. You turn it for good. You take what the enemy did for evil and you turn it for good. You turn it for good. You take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. Yes, you turn it for good. I have seen a victory. I have seen a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I have seen a victory. I have seen a victory. Cuz the battle belongs to you, Lord. Holiness has a name and it's Jesus. Victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Freedom has a name and it's Jesus. Holiness has a name and it's [Music] Jesus. Victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name and it's Jesus. My freedom has a name and it's Jesus. [Applause] I have seen a victory. I have seen a victory. Cuz the battle belongs to you, Lord. I have seen a victory. I have seen a victory. Cuz the battle belongs to you, Lord. You take what evil and you turned it for good. You turned it for good. [Music] Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? Amen. We already got the victory. Amen. It's nothing we are we can do in ourselves, but it's what he's already done. Amen. Whatever you have need of this morning, just come ask and believe in cuz he's here this morning to meet your need. Let's all stand as we sing. He's in the house. He's in the [Music] house. Little girl was lying there. The people Oh, yes. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. But as he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to say, "He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. There's no more doubt. I will praise his name. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. Oh, we were like that little girl dead in all our sins. To Jesus touched his heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is life where darkness choose to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. I will praise his name. Oh, praise his name for Oh, he Oh, sing that second verse once more. Oh, we were like that little girl dead in all hearts. Oh, but aren't you thankful this morning? Touched this heart of mine. He gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in me. Now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. And there's no more doubt. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more doubt. So I'll praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Amen. Won't somebody praise the name of the Lord this morning? How many say he's worthy to be praised? Amen. Paul said, "We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. When we're perplexed, we're not in despair. Persecuted, but we're not forsaken. And cast down, but not destroyed." said, "Because we have this life of Jesus Christ that's been made manifest in this body of flesh." How many believe that it may be trouble everywhere, but the Bible says that the Lord's mercies are not with it's by his mercies that we're not consumed. And I believe that this morning, we may go through trials and tribulation, but God's compassion never fails us. So, we just say, Lord, we just open up our heart to you. And may you open your heart of compassion unto us and let your hand of mercy move amongst your children this morning. I believe God is a merciful God and we certainly appreciate all that he's doing for us even in the time of distress and and troubles that I know many is going through uh that's been affected by the flooding and the tornadoes and uh we certainly had had some damage here on the the church grounds but uh nothing compared to what many have been going through. So just want to keep them in our prayers. Um brother David Gates had asked the church to pray pray this morning. and I spoke to him. Uh they had about 3 in of water in their downstairs part of their house this morning. And so just uh I know there was some bringing some vacuums and stuff like that trying to help them and uh but we just want to remember them in prayer. Also had a McKenzie said she wanted to praise the Lord. Just thankful God has kept kept them safe uh through all the the floods and things. I believe that's what all of us have that on our heart this morning to thank him for what he's done for us. Um, also remember, pray for uh healing. Uh, Paige's dad is in the ICU in Little Rock. Um, also, Sister Mandy is sick this morning and just pray the Lord would touch her body and she was sick yesterday and came up here and cleaned the church. So, bless her heart, but we just ask the Lord that he would touch her body and give her strength. And I know there's many more that are sick, being affected by the floods and storms and things. So, I just want to remember them in prayer. And I also want to say thank you to the brothers. Uh we have several brothers in our church that are first responders and uh and working and helping during the storms, going out in the middle of the night and stuff. So, God bless you, brothers, for for that and and being a help. Amen. So, let's just bow our heads together. If you have a need on your heart this morning, I believe God is certainly mindful of what we have need of. And let's just call upon him. Lord Jesus, Lord, how we love you this morning. And God, we thank you, Lord, for the privilege to come and gather together with believers and brothers and sisters, Lord. And God, how our faith, Lord, is strong this morning. And God, it's been strengthened by your word. And Lord, we just ask you, Lord, that you would meet every need, Lord, knowing those that are sick and have need of you. And Lord, we pray that you would touch everybody. You would heal the sick. And Lord, we just ask, Lord, that your hand of mercy would be upon us in this area. And Lord, we just want to be able to be a light, Lord, in the time of darkness. And Lord, we just pray, Lord, that you'd give us the strength to do just that. And Lord, we realize, Lord, if there was no darkness, Lord, no one would ever recognize the light. And Lord, if there was no trials, we'd never recognize your your mercy and ability to bring us through it. And but Lord, we just ask you this morning to give us strength, Lord, in the body of believers. And Lord, touch each one. Help them now in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. How many say it's good to be in the house of the Lord? Won't you turn around, shake somebody's hand, and greet them in the name of the Lord Jesus, the goodness of God. Amen. Amen. And I just want to say um happy anniversary to my wife and we went away on our our trip last weekend. We were gone and got to uh spend our 22nd wedding anniversary. So uh certainly appreciate her for putting up with me for for 22 years. And and won't y'all give her a hand? Isn't that a quite a job? Amen. Isn't that right, brother Dave? You can put up with me for 22 years. You deserve a hand. Amen. I asked her when we was on our trip. I said, "Which years were the best?" She's like, "Well, let's not go down that road. We'll just leave some of them in the past and thank the Lord for the ones we got upcoming." So, I never really got a good answer out of her. But, but some were wonderful and I'm I'm more of a trutht teller. Some days are they're great and some days you you wonder how in the world you got into that mess, but the Lord brings you through all of it and makes a makes a great marriage and a great uh partner to spend your life with. And uh so I certainly thank God for my wife and and the and what he's g a gift that he gave me, the greatest gift that God ever gave me outside the Holy Ghost. I believe that. And uh so I appreciate her putting up with me and and she's been a made a lot of sacrifices to uh be here and and you know, a lot of uh time that I'm not home or on the phone. I spend a lot of time working and helping other people. And sometimes you spend more time with other people's families than you do your own. and and but we believe it's God's work and and she's been a very big part of that and working and uh taking time and helping and so we just uh really appreciate really appreciate her. Amen. Always good. A good wife is the best thing you could have and a bad one God help you but but I thank God for this morning. You love the Lord. Amen. Sorry to take up time, but but sometimes you you you got to I got the microphone, so that's a dangerous thing sometimes, but um Amen. We just appreciate each one of you. How many's looking forward for the word this morning? Amen. Brother Aaron will come and brought his wife and daughter with him this morning. She's actually part of the family, the daughter. So, she brought her dad and mom here this morning. Sister Leah's here a lot of times. So, but we just look forward to what God has in store. So, we just want to invite him to come. Can we sing goodness of God? Amen. I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Yes, I will. In the goodness of God, I say cuz all my life you have been faithful. How many can say that this morning? All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of [Laughter] God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Thank you, Lord. You have led me through many fires and in the darkest night you've been close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have believed in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Yes, my Lord. All my life. [Music] How many can testify this morning that all your life he's been faithful? Amen. You know, the scripture tells us that many are the afflictions of the righteous. If we stopped right there, that would be a sad story. But it says, "But he deliverth them out of them all." Amen. I found that to be the truth. I found him to be the truth. Amen. Amen. Let's Let's go to him in prayer. Father, how we love you this morning. How how thankful we are, Lord, for your presence, Lord. How thankful we are, Lord, for this congregation and this church, Lord, this this lighthouse here, Father. Lord, that shines the light, Lord, that there is a truth. There is a living God, Lord. We thank you for this place. We thank you for his pastor, Lord, for every member that comes here, Lord. Father, I just I look around, Lord, and I see, Lord, the storms that have been stacking up, Lord, physically, spiritually, naturally, Lord, I just pray that you'd raise up a standard, Father. Lord, that you would just move in a mighty way, Lord, because we recognize this is the Lord's work, and we're just asking that your hand will move and stay the storms, Lord. And that all through all of this, Lord, that it'll work out for our good as your word says it will. Father, we commit Lord these people, Lord, this day, this service, ourselves, and all that we have into your hands. Lord, we ask you to come now and break the bread of life and speak to us. Lord, encourage us, lift us up, Lord. May our faith be elevated today to the level of the promise so that we can go home, Lord, as possessors of the promises today. Father, we commit it to you now, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles with you this morning and you turn with me to the book of Colossians, I believe I accidentally told them Corinthians, but we're looking Colossians this morning 1 and verse 12. And while you're turning, I just want to take a moment to share my appreciation and my love uh for your for your pastor, brother Matt. We've just really grown to appreciate him and the friendship that we have and and for for his entire family and for the people here. We we really enjoy coming here. We love you with the love of the Lord and we're thankful every time we have the opportunity. You're a wonderful group to preach to. Wonderful group of of Christian people. We sure love and appreciate you and we bring greetings this morning from our home church and from our pastor, Brother Tim. Sends his love and greetings and Amen. We just want to tell you how much we we do appreciate you. I'm thankful to have my wife and daughter with me this morning and to to travel along. Like brother Matt said, Aaliyah, let us come this time. So So here we are. Amen. So, I'd like to speak to you for a moment this morning on on the thought our eternal source. Our eternal source. And we're going to read from several places in the scripture if that's all right. Starting here in Colossians 1:12 says, "Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light, who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear son, in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins, who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things and by him all things consist. Amen. I'd like to read one verse in the the book of Romans. Romans 11:36. I'm just going to read one verse. there says for of him and through him and to him are all things to whom be glory forever. Amen. Amen. And you know it says it's very clear. He created all things in heaven. He created all things in earth. He is before all things. All things are of him. All things are to him. I think it's easy for us to say this morning that God is everything. And not only is he everything, he is our everything. Amen. Amen. And one last place if if you don't mind in the book of Job, we're going to look at Job 38 and verse 1-7. It says, "Then the Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind and said, "Who is it that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge? Gird up now thy loins like a man, for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me? Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare if thou hast understanding? Who hath laid the measures thereof? If thou knowest, or who hath stretched the line upon it? Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? Or who laid the cornerstone thereof? When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy. Amen. I pray that the Lord will add his blessing to the reading of the word as you have your seats this morning. Amen. Ain't it wonderful as you sit there and read there in the book of Job to realize that you have already been seen in the eternals. Amen. And and you weren't seen there defeated. You weren't seen there trotten down and saddened and coming in by the skin of your teeth. But it says that you were there shouting for joy. Amen. To me, it looks like we're a bunch of overcomers. Amen. Despite what the devil may be telling you, despite the trials and tribulations you may be facing today, you've already seen the end of the story. And you're seen there in victory. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham tells us, he says, he says, "And as he being the groom, the bride has to come forth because it's part of him." And it can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelations of any others has spoke of the bride. It can only manifest if it does something different from the groom, it isn't the bride because she is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life, power of his power. She is him. Amen. Amen. So this morning, in one way, you look at that and you go, "My goodness, we got a lot to live up to." And there there's a lot of pressure. But understand this. God never asked you to do anything without providing the way for you to be that. If he said that's what you're going to be, then he's going to make it that well. He's going to make the way. He's going to provide what you have need of in order to meet that standard. Amen. Amen. So, we're speaking this morning on our eternal source. And and so, I want to look at a definition. What is a source? A source is where something can be attained. But it also means where something comes from, meaning its origin. In other words, you can go down here to the to the the dollar store or whatever, and you can pick up a bottle of Dr. Pepper, and that's your source. That's that's where you got it. But where was its source? That dollar store ain't it source. It came from a a certain location, a certain place where it was made and manufactured. So, so a source can be where you attain something, but it's also where something originated from. Amen. And, and as we look at this, you know, man has always search for things in this world to make him happy. He's always searched for peace and they've always searched for life. But, but the problem is man has always searched in the wrong places. Amen. You know, you look around at the world today and the insanity and the things people are doing and in reality, that's what they're doing is they're they're searching for happiness. They're searching for peace. They're thirsting for life. They They don't want to be crazy people. They don't want to be unhappy people. They're searching for for happiness and peace and joy and they're searching for the things that we have. Amen. They just don't know where to search this morning. Amen. Amen. But they search in all the wrong places and and they search for things down through history like the fountain of youth so that they could live forever. You know, men like Pon DeLeon are recorded in history searching for a source of supernatural life. And I was looking at that and it says, you know, the fountain of youth is a mythical spring which allegedly restores the youth of anyone who drinks or bathes in its waters. Tales of such a fountain have been recounted around the world for hundreds and thousands of years, appearing in the writings of Herodotus in the fifth century and in the stories of Prester John in the 11th and 12th century. Stories of similar waters were featured prominently among the people of the Caribbean during the age of exploration says they spoke of the restorative powers of water in the mythical land of Bammeni. Based on these legends, explorers and adventurers looked for the elusive fountain of youth or some other remedy to aging generally associated with magic waters. said, "These waters might have been a river, a spring, or any other water source said to reverse the aging process and to cure sickness when swallowed or bathed in." Well, I bring you some good news this morning, Brother Mark. I found the real thing. There is a real source of life. There is a real fountain of youth. And I didn't have to go on a world exploration to find it. Matter of fact, he came looking for me. He brought it to me. I bet you you think, "Well, how expensive was it?" The price was already paid. It was eternal life. And listen, this water will keep you young. It'll heal the sick. It'll restore families. And I'm going to tell you something. It ain't magic water, but it is supernatural. It is lifegiving water this morning. Hallelujah. It's living water. It's restoring water. Amen. It's an eternal source. And when you drink of this water, you will never thirst again. John 4:14 says, "But whosoever drinkkeeth of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst, but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life." Listen, he's the ultimate thirst quencher this morning. He has exactly what you have need of this morning. All the wondering and all the searching and all the running and all the thirsting. Listen, there is a source to quench that this morning. There is a source of life. There is hope. There is peace. And I'm going to tell you where you find it. It's all in Jesus this morning. Everything you have need of. Listen, you don't have to be a nervous wreck this morning. You don't have to be tore up about how things are going or how things are going to go. You don't have to be dependent on all kind of prescriptions just to get through the day. You don't got to have sat find satisfaction in things of the world and and wonder and search who am I and what's my purpose and you don't have to find validation from others. You know this world is thirsty. They're constantly searching for for likes and saying and things like that. You know they check their social media. I got 87 likes, brother Matt. I don't care how many likes I got. I'm not I don't need validation from the world. Jesus Christ came and gave his life for me and said you can have eternal life and I he has pleasure in me and joy in me and he loves me. That's all the validation you need this morning. Hallelujah. There is a there is a water that will quench your thirst forever. And the thing is you can come today and drink freely. You don't have to ask me. You don't have to ask brother Matt. You don't got to get permission. Come and drink of the water of life freely this morning. Amen. Revelation 22:17 says, "And the spirit and the bride say, come, and let him that heareth say, come, and let him that is a thirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." Listen, this ain't just for sinners out there. Oh, come and find Jesus. Come and find Jesus. Listen, you know how it is even in the Christian wall. You have ups and downs. You have rounds and rounds. You have trials and tribulations. Listen, if you've been out there and your ship's been tossed to and fro and it seems like you've been beat to death, I'm saying come get another drink this morning. I'm saying anchor down in that source this morning. Amen. Come and drink freely. Don't just come get a little sip. Don't just Well, I took a drink 15 years ago. It says come and drink freely. Freely means in copious amounts. It means without restraint this morning. Drink and drink and drink and drink and drink some more until you're saturated by this water of life. Amen. In copious amounts. Hallelujah. But man is always searching in the wrong places. Always putting their faith in the wrong things and and they're thirsting and they're hungering. And yet they refuse to look to the word of God as a source. They refuse to to search. They'll search everywhere else, but they won't search through these pages. Prophet of God says men are trying to find that through the resource of literature or culture or education or science. What makes them look for that? It's because that is exists somewhere. That's the reason they hunger for it. As David said, when the deep calleth to the deep, before there can be a deep calling, there has to be a deep to respond to that call. Amen. But the world today has totally rejected God as a source. They no longer turn to him at all. That they quit drawing and looking and and the word is never drawn from or even consulted. You think about our nation. What happened to our nation? Well, it was founded on this. This was a source that they drew. But as this got pushed aside, as he got pushed out of our schools and pushed out, you know, we were talking about the other day colleges, so many of them were founded as as religious institutions and now they're the hotbed of atheist of atheists and liberalism and all that nonsense because they quit consulting the word of God. They quit drawing from the word of God and looking to him and so they look to science. They look to education. They look to the news. And the thing about our world today is they look to entertainment. I mean, you think about there'll be some major disaster or some, you know, major issue going on between Russia and the world's on the verge of war and they'll be inter interviewing a movie star. What do you think about? Who cares what they think about it? People look to entertainment and they they look to books and movies and music and they draw from that and they draw from that and they intake and they intake and they intake and they intake. and what's it produced? Our world is drunk on entertainment. They're drunk on Hollywood and music and social media. They're drunk on those things because it's all they draw from. And what kind of world does it produce? It's produced complete and total insanity this morning. Because that's the source that they draw from. But if a man would draw this morning from rivers of life, if man would draw this morning, begin to fellowship once again with God. Hey, if that's the shape you're in this morning, I'm not saying you're lost. I'm saying get back to the rock. Get back to the source of life and begin to draw from that this morning. Make that your intake and it'll change your output. Amen. Well, something's wrong with my life, brother, and I got temper issues and I got this issue and I can't get along with people and I'm always blowing up. That's your output, but it's a direct reflection of your intake. I want to I want to change things. Well, then change what you're taking in. Change the source that you're drawing from this morning. Amen. But men draw. Now, here's the thing I want us to get to. Men draw from the source that draws them. They draw from their source. Listen what brother Brown says. He says, "But this fellow, where did that pure lying, where did that sin come from? Where did this fella Cain, that murderer, and the the Bible said the devil's a murderer. Where did the lie come from? He said the devil's the father of a lie. He's a liar and the father of it. It had to come from some resource outside of God. So, we have a world of liars, a world of violence, and a world of of of murderers. Where is that coming from? Think about it. Why are people so full of hate? Why are people so full of violence and so full of murder and all that? It's because of the source they draw from. But it's also because of the source they come from. Brother Brown says, "Where did that source of all that vile and filth and things that Cain had come from God?" Question mark. Couldn't be. He says, what did he say in John 8:44? Ye are of your father the devil and the lust of your father you will do. He was a murderer from the beginning and abode not in the truth because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie he speaketh of his own for he is a liar and the father of it. So the source that they continually draw from indicates the source that they come from. Now, let's take that for ourselves this morning. Now, understand what I'm saying. I'm not saying that somebody out in the world doing those things has no hope because we know in a moment in that presence when that seed gene of God is sparked to life, it'll change what draws you. You understand what I'm saying? But when you're sitting there and that's all you think about and that's all you want, there's it's time to check up when you want the things of the world more than you want the things of God. There's a real issue there that we got to wake up to this morning. Amen. Amen. This it shows the source that they come from. And and understand something. I'm not preaching against getting a good education. Not preaching against having entertainment. And I'm not preaching against keeping up with the news or having a good career. But don't allow yourself to get to the place that those things become your source. That those things become where you draw from. and and and because what ends up happening is they become you allow them to get on equal terms with the word of God. You you put them on equal terms in importance and also in time given. What you deem important, you will give time to. You will make time for what you think is important. It's that simple. Come on. And if we're not careful, what ends up happening is we begin to feed on things and and and I'm getting a little ahead of myself and all for a second, but just bear with me. And it's not that we would ever say, "Well, I I I believe Hollywood's version." But even if you're constantly feeding, I'll just say clean entertainment, but that's your source. That's your source. That's your source. It begins to shift your opinion of what normal is. And I and I ask you I if all you knew if all you knew was this, if it's all you knew and all you knew was the people around you, what would you view as normal? What what would you view as normal as far as dating and marriage and divorce? What would you view as normal in the way people should dress? But when we constantly draw from this source, it begins to alter. We still feel very strongly the word is right. The word is right. But we begin to get altered on what we feel is okay, what's normal. Because all you you watch is this show and and this woman and you know and she's married, but this doctor, he's so dreamy. Man, you end up sitting there watching, man. I hope she ends up with him. Wait, you hope what? You're watching a show hoping for a divorce and hoping for all this kind of think about where your mind goes and how you look at things because of the source you draw from. This has to be our source. This has to shape our worldview. This if you know we get so many people, well that's just oldfashioned. No, that's the Bible and the Bible is eternal. It's forever and ever and ever and it's to be our source this morning. But you get to the place to where you feed on those things enough and your spirit begins to crave it. To where your spirit feeds more on that and it begins to acquire a taste for those waters. You know, I don't even know why I'm going this way, but I remember and back in the day when I lived out in the world and did things I shouldn't have done. And you would hear things like people say, you know, somebody somebody might say, "Well, you know, beer tastes nasty." And somebody said, "Well, it's an acquired taste." You got to drink it until you can tolerate it. Listen, I mean, I I know everybody's different. I But there ain't never been anybody ever took a drink of a beer and went, "That was good." They make themselves like it. It's an acquired taste. What? What are you saying? That first time you tell a lie, it's hard to do. That first time you watch something you know you weren't supposed to, you feel guilty about it. But over time, you acquire a taste for those things. That first time you read that book you shouldn't read and you're like, but then later you're reading it with no no conscience because you've acquired a taste for the wrong source. But if you were in this and this was your source, it wouldn't allow you to feed on those things. It wouldn't allow you to draw. And it's shifting your whole mindset and you don't even realize it. and you're acquiring a taste for inappropriate things and your spirit feeds on it and you quench the desire for the things of God and you replace it with a desire for entertainment or a desire for knowledge and you begin to get satisfaction from polluted waters. Listen, God's children don't have to drink polluted waters. You've been set free from those things. You can have the pure unadulterated uh word of God and the life that comes with it. Listen, I listen, I'm not bragging, but I lived a life I'm not proud of. I've been places I've not been proud of. I've been in stadiums full of hundreds of thousands of people doing things I wasn't proud of. And I want to tell you right now, I would not trade a moment of what I have now for what I left behind. There's nothing to go back to. There's nothing that compares. I hear young people, I just want to experience this or experience. Listen to me. There's nothing worth experiencing out there. the things that the the the the spirit and the presence and the atmosphere you feel when God moves through a congregation like this. There's nothing they got that comes close to it or compares to it. This is life. Oh my. This is real life. Drink from this source this morning. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. This world is full of gods and they beckon you to worship. movements calling you to support their cause. World's full of idols and full of ideas and full of sources for you to draw from. But what about water from the rock? What about the truth this morning? 1 Corinthians 8:55 says, "For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, as there be God's many and Lord's many, but to us there is but one God, the Father of whom are all things, and we in him, and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him." Prophet of God says he's the same El Shai tonight. He changes not. and his covenant people has the same privilege to draw from the same source that father Abraham had to draw. Cuz God swore by the same covenant that he'd give us the promise. Hallelujah. El Shadai, the bosom, the breasted God. If you need salvation for your weak soul, draw from his side. If you need healing from your body, draw from his side. For my covenant was with Christ, my son, and in there he was wounded for your transgressions, and by his stripes you were healed. I am the Almighty. just lean up there and go to drawing from them promises. Amen. I say what a source we have this morning. What an unfailing source, a pure source. Something that'll quench all the desires this morning and seal you to the day of your redemption. Amen. And it's where you have to anchor everything. Well, what what about my job? Anchor it in the source. Well, what about my friends? Anchor it in the source. All your relationships better be anchored in the source. That's right. You want a good marriage, anchor it in that source. You want blessings to follow your family, anchor it in that source. You need healing today, salvation today, anchor it in that source this morning. It's an eternal source. And it's an unseen source to the world. It's an unseen source. Amen. He says, "A little while and the world seeth me no more, but ye see me." Amen. You don't got to go searching all over for it. It's here this morning. He's in the building this morning. you don't got to go try this and try that. You know, I think of Daniel. I think of Daniel there when he told the the the king's sermon, he said, "I don't have to eat those things." He said, "I'll I'll just eat this." And I think about people in the world sometimes and they and they say things like, "Well, your kids need to experience that and your kids are so sheltered and and what you mean y'all don't do this and y'all don't do that." And Daniel said, "Just watch us for a bit." Yeah. And then compare us to them. I'd like to say that today. Look at those young people and all that they're getting to experience. Look at our young people and compare the two. Just compare us. And they say, "Well, how are they living so right? How are they doing this? How do you Because they're feeding on a different diet than the king's meat out there. They're feeding from the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. And their source is an everlasting source this morning." Hallelujah. Amen. And he is where the peace is for your troubled soul. Amen. He is here with joy for your depressed spirit. He is here to stabilize your ship that's been rocking. Brother Brandham says when the Greek woman when she heard of Jesus, faith cometh by hearing. Now she was a Greek, a heathen. So she heard and she come. He says, you know what? Faith finds a source that others don't see. Faith finds a source that others can't see. But blessed are your eyes this morning. Amen. You know, there's a lot of people who stand for a lot of things. There's a lot of people in Washington and all over the country stand for things. Yeah. They have a backbone and they stand for a lot of things, but they anchor in the wrong places. They anchor in things that'll fail them over time. Their faith is in men. Listen, I'm going to tell you right now, if your faith's in a man, you're going to get disappointed. Amen. Amen. They put their faith in governments. If your faith in a government, you really going to get disappointed, right? Amen. They put their faith in in churches or in a religion. Listen, our faith is not in a man. Our faith is not in a church. Our faith is not in a religion. Our faith is in Jesus Christ alone. He is the source of it all this morning. Amen. Brother Brandham says over and over again, you can look it up for yourself. Faith finds its source. He says that over and over. Faith finds its source. So what is it? means when your faith anchors in the very source that your faith came from. Faith finds its source. In other words, listen, Paul didn't say that you have faith in the son of God. He said it's the faith of that's the source of your faith this morning. That's where it came from. So when faith finds its source, that's when it can really anchor down. Amen. It's not just faith in his word. It's the faith of the son of God. Amen. Think about it. Our faith anchors in him because our faith is of him. That's where our faith comes from this morning. So that's why it may seem ridiculous to the world. It may seem ridiculous to those around you, but I'm going to do what the source says to do. That's where it all comes from. I'm going to trust the source. The source this morning says you're healed. The source this morning says you're delivered. The source this morning says that you're saved, that you're set free, that you can have the Holy Ghost. The source says there will be a rapture. The source says there will be a body change. And I'm not going to look here and look there. I'm going to trust the source. My faith is anchored in the source from which it came. Hallelujah. Glory. It's time to take our questions to the source this morning. It's time to take your fears to the source. That's right. Listen, that's why we got to keep this pure, right? That's why we got to keep it pure. That's why we got to preach it exactly how the Bible teaches it because it's not going to produce the same results if we take from and add to if we slant it just a little or slant it this way. Because then instead of life, it'll produce death. Right? You can take a pool of the freshest, cleanest, life-giving water and put a little bit of poison in it and it still may look good and it still may well boy, you're so thirsty, but now there's death in the pot. And it's not just from the pull pit. In your daily life as you look into the mirror of the word, you can't take what you want and throw away what you don't want. You got to do what what what the word says do. I mean, you think of Rahab. The message came and said, "Do this. Put this cord out your window. Scarlet cord." What if she'd have been like, "Well, you know, that really don't match my drapes, Brother Matt. So, I'm going to use this blue one." And you know what? The kind of looks tacky hanging out my window. I'mma put it over in the should have been dead like everybody else. But we take the message and go, "Well, you know, it don't really matter." And he said that in 19, you know, 62. This is 2025. and that don't even match up with the lifestyle that I live and and you know really it's going to look weird if they act like that and that man that just seems weird. No, it seems weird to you because your source has been twisted and you're drawing from the wrong place. But if you're feeding on the word of God and you're drawing from the message of the hour, you say, "Lord, I will do what thou has commanded me to do. I will humble myself to the word of God and I will draw from the source of eternal life this morning." Hallelujah. Amen. And it must be the same word, the same Jesus. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. We can't water it down. We can't change it up, mix it up, and we can't let it become stagnant and formal neither. There's life in this word. There's life in this water. Jeremiah 2:13 says, "For my people have committed two evils, for they have forsaken me, the fountain of living waters, and they have hewed outnists." Prophet God says it don't seem even sensible to be right. But that's just exactly what the people has done. They've left the word, the true fountain of God's source and power, to drink out of sistns and to make themselves sistns. Same as they did then, they have done it now. We can't tamper with it, church. Can't sprinkle it. You I heard it said like this today. I thought it was real good. And I'll just I'll just direct it towards us ministers. Ministers aren't cooks. We're supposed to be waiters. In other words, however it come out the kitchen, I'm supposed to deliver it just like that to the table. I don't need it back there going, "Man, these folks don't know nothing about seasoning. Let me put a little Tony's in it. Let me put some Louisiana hot sauce." That ain't what the chef had in mind. When the chef mixed it all up, he knew exactly how it was supposed to taste. He knew exactly what he wanted before the foundation of the world. He said, "This is my word. This is the plan. Now, just give it to my people. Just break the bread and hand it out." And we in turn got to take it and eat it just the way he served it. We don't need to season it with our thinking or mama's ideas or daddy's ideas or my old pastor thought this. I ain't worried about none of that. What does the source say this morning? Just take it and feed on the eternal word of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Come and drink from the water of life this morning. Same word, same Holy Ghost. Amen. Same healing, same deliverances. Amen. Jesus Christ the same. The Bible tells us in John chapter 15, he says, "I am the vine. Ye are the branches." So the branch's source of energy is the vine. Amen. The vine energizes the branch and with the energy of that life, the branch then brings forth the fruits. So when you look at the fruits being produced in your life, your relationships, your life, where you're at, and you say they don't really add up, you maybe you can look around and see other Christians and not that we can compare ourselves to each other, but you can see, wow, that that's a real Christian, and I see those fruits. And the word says you're supposed to have those fruits and tenderness and kindness and joy and and I don't have any of that. Well, I'm not here to condemn. I'm just here to say look to see what your energy source is. What are you drawing from? Because if you're the branch and you're connected to the vine, the only fruit you can produce is the life of the vine. That that's why we have to be prod producing the the fruits of the spirit. Amen. Whatever source you're drawing from, that's the fruit that you're going to bear. Amen. That that's why the works that I do shall you do also. That's why these signs shall follow them that believe. It's not that we're doing it. It's all coming from the source. Amen. It's Christ in his church energizing her to do the same works that he did. Because if we're drawing from the same source that they were drawing from in the book of Acts, it's going to produce the exact same things because we're drawing from the same source. A church drawing from that source is going to see people born again. Brother Matt. Amen. A church drawn from that source is going to have people that are living overcoming lives. A church drawn from that source is going to have signs and wonders and miracles. We can't claim to be the branch and and the life of Christ is not being manifested within us. And all I'm saying is today as individuals, let's check the connection. Let's just make sure our major source is drawing from the vine. that our branch can produce the life of Jesus Christ to a dying world and say, "Look, this is the life of the Holy Ghost right here. It's an overcoming life. It's a life of joy. It's a life of kindness. It's a life of living for others. Listen, a lot of times we talk about manifesting Jesus and we get hung up on the signs, wonders, and miracles, which I'm all about. Well, you can have all the signs, wonders, and miracles you want and be mean as a snake and treat people wrong and something ain't in order, right? We say we produce the life of Jesus and we're talking about opening the eyes of the blind. Yes. But what about kindness? What about forgiveness? What about forgive them, father? They know not what they do. Oh, well that was just Jesus. Nope. I can read in the book of Acts where Steven's getting stoned. He said the exact same thing because he's a branch drawn from the vine. Amen. If we aren't producing that fruit, then what source are we drawing from? What have we settled for? Let's not just be satisfied this morning with religion. Let's don't just be satisfied with a a good group, a good pastor, and a good church. You have all that, but that shouldn't satisfy you. That should just be the the the place you come and to put your licks of fire together to create an atmosphere to draw from that source and help one another. But you got to be drawing on Monday, drawing on Tuesday, drawing on Thursday, drawing on Friday, drawing on Saturday. If you just come here to get a drink, you're going to die. You're going to be dehydrated. It's time to take another drink. And I don't just mean a one-time drink, but a continual fellowship with Jesus Christ, the source of life this morning. Hey, man. We can't just be satisfied with coming out. Brother Aaron, I came out of the world. Thank God. But Jericho has fallen. The seals are open. That means the land is available to you. We didn't just come out of Egypt, but now let's go into the land and take everything. It's the land of the Holy Ghost. Take what you need this morning. Drink from the source of life this morning. Possess what God has for you. Hey man, let that living water saturate your life. Let it saturate your marriage. Let it saturate your relationship with your children and those around you. Let that water saturate in this church. Let us draw and draw and draw and draw from that source. Amen. I say it all the time when people say, "Well, you know, I I got filled 15 years ago or I got filled at camp and I I don't doubt people's testimony. I I choose to give people the benefit of the doubt." But to me, one of the biggest signs that you've experienced it is that you want more. One of the biggest confirmations that you met God is that you can't get enough. that it's not just a one and done for you, but now you've tasted and I got to have more of that water. That's good water. And you seek and you seek and you go more after more and you draw and you drink and you draw and you drink to where it's overflowing. Amen. To where you fall in love with Jesus. It is a relationship. Yes, sir. I just want you to think about that from the standpoint of what a relationship is. Can you imagine being in a serious relationship, engaged to be married, and you talk to your significant other once a week? Once a week, twice a week if you make it on Wednesdays. Think about it. Is that a healthy relationship? Quiet, man. Come on. And it's okay. I get it. Little moment of self-reflection. Some of y'all are like, "Well, that's how often me and my wife talk." Well, I just I didn't know if you knew that's not a healthy relationship. I'm just just going to let you know. You might can make do. You might can get by. But this relationship is supposed to be full of joy, full of love, full of him speaking and you speaking back. You know, it's not just a one way. It's just not, you know, we met God an Aaron boy. God, go do this. God, I need you to do that. God, I need this. God, you know, Esther knew how to do it. She came before the king and and she praised the king and then after she praised him and told him how wonderful he was and all this, then she said, "I have a request." God's not an errand boy. We're in a relationship. He's our source of life. He's our source of hope. He's our everything. Amen. He is a neverending supply. If you need healing and redemption, Psalms 103:2 says, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Forget not all his benefits. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who health all thy diseases, who redeemth thy life from destruction, who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercy, who satisfithth thy mouth with good things, so that thy youth is renewed like the eagles." If you need deliverance, Psalms 34:19 says, "Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth him out of them all." If you need salvation, Psalms 37 says, "But the salvation of the righteous is of the Lord. He is their strength in the time of trouble." Psalm 68 says, "He that is our God is the God of salvation." Amen. If you need truth this morning, John 14:6, Jesus said unto him, "I am the way, I am the truth, and I am the life." He's the source of all of it this morning. Prophet of God says he is the truth. There may be other truths, but Jesus is that real truth. He is that heavenborn truth. God's eternal truth sent to us. The only way and the only truth. Other things may be true, but Jesus is the truth of God. The truth of God's salvation. The truth of God's plan is Jesus Christ. The way, the truth, brother Aaron, I want to know the truth this morning. You want to know the truth? Consult the word. Why? I want to know the truth about this. Consult the word. I want to know how to live. Consult the word. Well, I want to how how are we supposed to dress? Consult the word. Well, I want to know the truth about hair, consult the word. I want to know the truth about baptism, consult the word. Well, I want to know the truth about the new birth, consult the word. We spend so much time consulting one another around a kitchen table, and we don't never crack a Bible open. It's all right there. Just consult the source this morning. Get back into the word. You I've always said this and just just forgive me. I I don't mean it ugly, but I'm like, man, if if we can sit there and listen to somebody preach false doctrine for 15 years, and we don't never know it's false doctrine, that's our fault, you cuz if all you ever drinks tainted water, then you don't know it's tainted. But there's a source of pure water that you can draw from. There's there's,00 messages on tape that you can draw from. But the problem is we show up and wait for the preacher to tell us what it says. And in that situation, we can be misled. We all got to be in the word. We all got to be consulting the word. Amen. Drawing from the word. Like I said, we've spent way too much time consulting other sources. We've drawn from man. We've drawn from religion. We've drawn from our own ideas. We've drawn from mom and dad. You the Pharisees did this exact same thing. They come to Jesus and they tried to point back to to mom and dad because of how holy and how righteous that they thought they were and because they came out under a prophet's message. And so instead of listening to what the manifested word for the day was telling them, they said, "Yeah, well our fathers ain't mana in the wilderness." The manifested word staring them in the face. Yeah, but but my dad. And Jesus says, "They're all dead. They didn't even make it. They didn't cross over. And you know, brother man, I think we've all been guilty. At least I I'll just be honest. You know, you done learned me. I'll be honest. We all I keep I keep saying we all I I've been guilty of name dropping before. You know, you're talking, you're in a little bit, not a debate, but discussion with the brother and you say and you say something like, "Well, you know, me and Brother Tim was talking and and brother Tim sees it like that." or you know whoever that you have respect for sometimes well you know you'll name drop just those people know you're not making it up you know what I'm saying but I get really if you want to know the truth we shouldn't have to name drop we should be able to say you know the scripture says the message of the hour in reality but but we all do it sometimes but I get tickled at people that pick the worst people to bolster their arguments you know and they're like well you know brother so and so and brother so doing so they agree with me. Do you realize that people agreeing with you is no vindication that you're right? Lucifer had a third of the angels agreeing with him. But if you're going to name drop, at least pick somebody that bolsters your argument. Well, brother so and so, brother so and so ain't been here in four months. Yeah. I don't I'm not interested in the opinions of somebody that can't be here when the church doors open. I'm not interested in the opinions of negativity. I'm not interested. Look, quit drinking the negativity of broken sistns. And let's get back to the source of the word of eternal life. What does the word say? I got a name drop for you. Jesus said Jesus said, "I am the living water. He that drinkketh from me shall never thirst again." Let's name drop Jesus from time to time. My goodness. Amen. drinking from negativity and people's uh opinions. And when and when you tap into the eternal source, when you begin to drink from El Shai and you begin to get your energy from the vine, then when problems arise, you march right on through as if nothing's wrong. Amen. Why? Because you're so full of the energy from the vine that you can't quit. It's not somebody's opinion. It's the energy of Jesus Christ on the inside of you pushing something drives you forward and drives you over hurts and it drives you through trials and man fails them and they keep going. Church fails them and they keep going. Friends turn aside and they keep going. Tragedy hits and they keep going. Why? They can't quit. There's an eternal source of life on the inside and it says forward. Don't quit. Don't stop. You're called to make it, little children. Oh, and that's your source. You won't stop short. You go on because you're energized by the source of eternal life. Yes, sir. I mean, it doesn't matter how bad things get. It doesn't matter how dry people get spiritually. You don't have to because there's a wellspring of life. There's a fountain open in the house of David. I'm not worried how dry things get here and how dry things get there and how dry the guy next to me is. I don't have to dry up this morning. I've tapped into the vine. Hallelujah. Taking a drink from the source this morning. Amen. Yes, sir. And since we're a part of him, here's where we're going to go to. Not just the source where you get it, but the source where it comes from. Since we're a part of him, not only can we draw from that source, but we are of that source. We're drawn to that life because it's in that life that we find our identity. Yes, sir. It's in him that we find our source. It's in him that we find out where we come from. And what what what attracts us to the message? What draws you and yet others reject it? Think about it. What is it? And I've said it like this before. You can be walking through the airport right there in Memphis or the mall or wherever you shop, whatever. But you're walking through the airport and they start making announcements and they start saying, "Bill Smith, is there Bill Smith here this morning? Bill Smith, you're needed at the counter. I ain't paying that no attention. Bill Smith, you're needed at the counter. It's urgent. I don't care how urgent it is. I ain't Bill Smith. That has nothing to do with me. Please report. It's urgent. This is important. I got a flight to catch. But if I'm walking through there and it says Aaron Ogles, that's my name. Mama, that's me. Yeah. How come that message calls out and calls out and everybody around you just keeps on walking and it calls out and it call they keep they don't recognize it don't mean nothing to them. Why? It ain't calling their name. It ain't calling their name but someday you was going along and it called your name. It said Joe Reynolds and he said here am I Lord that called my name. Why can I recognize that call? We're from the same source this morning. Where' this message come from? Thoughts of God. Where'd you come from? Thoughts of God. You come from the exact same source. So I find strength in this word. I find life in this word. I find my identity in this word. We're from the same source. Amen. That's why we identify with it. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. It's who you are. Quit downing yourself. Quit listening to the devil down yourself. Down. You're a nobody. You're a failure. You're a this. What are you talking about? I'm an attribute of almighty God. I've been called by Almighty God. He called my name. Oh, you're not going to make it. I have to make it. I can't not make it. I'm a part of him. And he's drawing himself back into the eternals. And the eternal part on the inside of this flesh body is being drawn back to eternity because why? It is eternal. Hallelujah. Think about it. It's who you are. Amen. If I am she, the bride, and she is him. Do the math. I am she and she is him. Then I'm every bit as eternal as he is. I'm part of the original spoken word thoughts of God. I am God made material in this day. I am made from the material of deity. Don't let that choke you. That's the message of the hour. That's who you are. Amen. Lift your head up. Put your shoulders back. We're not being arrogant. We just recognize who we are. We're sons and daughters of the most high God today. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Your source in the spiritual is just like your source in the natural. It determines your DNA. Well, no wonder we recognize ourselves in the book of Acts. No wonder Malachi 4 called our name. No wonder we see Mark 16 in action. We're from the same source. We're from the same material. We're eternal. And that's why we were seen shouting before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. You're eternal. I want that to settle for the rest of this service. You're eternal. Yes, sir. You cannot be destroyed. You are eternal. How about you put that in the devil's face this morning? He's been beating you and beating you and beating you. That's okay. Fine. But this is temporary. I'm eternal. This trial is temporary. I'm eternal. When all this is passed, I'll still be here, devil, because you are a created being who had a beginning and you had an end. But when you've begun, I was in the mind of God. And when you end, I will be with God in eternity. Hallelujah. I'm not going to be drugged down by these temporary trials and temporary hardships. They may be hard, but I'm eternal this morning. Hallelujah. He says in very plain language, the true bride of Christ was in the mind of God eternally, though not expressed until each came forth in the designated decreed season. As each each member came forth, it became expressed and took its place in the body. Thus, this bride is the literal spoken word seed bride. Yes, sir. And though she is feminine in designation, she is also called the body of Christ. Right? It is very apparent that she ought to be called that. For she was predestinated in him, came from the same source, was eternal with him, and is now manifesting God in a many membered body. Whereas once God was manifested in one member, even our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. This don't mean sometimes, brother Tim takes his jacket off right when you think he's about to close and you go, "Oh, oh, that's not an O. That's just I'm hot." Thank you. Prophet tells us says as the eternal logos was manifested in the son and in Jesus dwelt all the fullness of the godhead bodily and that eternal one was the father manifest in the flesh. Thereby he gained the title of son. Even so we eternal in his thoughts in our turn became the many membered spoken word seed manifested in the flesh. And those eternal thoughts now manifest in the flesh y are the sons of God even as we are so called church. That's why you're homesick for it. That explains why you can be homesick for somewhere you've never been because you have been. It's where you came from and you've been catching glimpses of it. Word comes forth and the spirit moves in the place and what is it that moves you to rejoicing? What is it? You catch a glimpse of home. You catch a glimpse of that feeling. You recognize for just a moment, even though I'm stuck in this flesh, in that atmosphere, this is home's atmosphere. This is the place I belong. This this is where I'm going to live forever. And it begins to call you and it begins to beckon you. And you can't help but rejoice. Why? The word already said you were going to rejoice. And all you're doing is manifesting what the word of God has already said about you. Oh, you've been there, church. You're catching glimpses of home this morning. There is a land just beyond the river. It calls you and it beckons you this morning. That's why you can't be comfortable here. Others can be okay in the nonsense. They can be okay in the filth and it just drives you crazy. Why? You weren't made for it. This isn't your home, but you're ready to leave. You're ready to go. It's in your blood. It's in your DNA. Amen. Home is calling this morning. Yes, sir. Brother P Brown says in the only way you can be a son or a daughter of God, you had to be a part of God. And God isn't complete without you. Think about that this morning. I'm just I'm just a nobody. I I live up somewhere near Paraggo. Is that how you say it? Paraggo. I'm from Black Rockck, Arkansas. I'm from I'm from Louisiana. I'm just God isn't complete without you. Amen. If you ever let that sink down in your soul, he needs me. He loves me. He wants me. He desires me. Yes, sir. He isn't complete without you. Brother Brham says, "That's right. Cuz there is one only one resource of eternal life, and that is God. And him alone has eternal life." Now, you were a part of him in so much that you're an attribute in in his thinking in the beginning. And because he thought of you in the beginning, it gives that little tug. Yes, sir. Towards him. How many feels that little tug this morning? That little pull towards home. He says, "And if there's only one form of eternal life, and that's God's life." Only one form of eternal life, and that's God. There to be a son of God, you had to be in him always. The gene of your life tonight was in God the Father before there even was a molecule. And you are nothing but the manifestation of the gene of life that was in God as a son of God. Now you're expressed after his word has come in you to light up this age. Amen. You are expressing God's life. Yes, sir. Listen, you're so much more than a nobody. And as long as you think of yourself as a nobody, as long as you have that slave mentality stuck and you're used to being defeated and you're used to being defeated, you just I just have to give up. I just have to give in. No, sir. You were put here. The Bible, brother Bramble says to light up the age. How important is that? Who's going to see the light? Who's going to shine the light in the darkness? The attributes that God put here to light up this age. That's what you're called for. You're not called to blend in. You're not called to fit in at work, fit in at school. Will I stand out? Thank God you stand out. You're here to light up the age. And show there's a God. There's a truth. There's a way. There's a life. And it's Jesus. Hallelujah. You're called to light up the age. What an age we're living in. What a message. Yes, sir. Think about it. When the mysteries of God are finished and now we can see clearly. We can see clearly. We can see the whole thing from a higher plane through the eyes of an eagle. We see the view from above. And when we get up there, when we get up there, we see the whole picture. Yeah. Yeah. You think about it. down through the ages. Great men, great scholars. Luther, Wesley, you can name all the uh the great ones down through the ages. Spurgeon, great men, godly men, but they were seeing it from the same level. And so even though they studied, they might could catch a glimpse, there were things in the way. There was things hidden. You think you drive through Louisiana, you can see up here, man. Y'all got open fields. And Louisiana, you feel like you're driving through a tunnel all the time, just trees. There may be beautiful stuff right over there. There might be farmland. There might be beautiful hills. Probably not, but there might be. But you don't know it because you're on that level. But what happens if you can go up high? What happens when you can go up like an eagle? And we had an eagle coming this day. And now we get to see things through an eagle's perspective. And so we see the whole picture. So what's the whole picture? I'm going to sum it up real simple. You came from God. You're going back to God. That's the whole picture. You're eternal. What about all this in between? and the devil got me to fall here and he got me to backslide there and he got me to struggle here and I failed here and this relationship here. You come from God. You're going back to God. What the devil does in between here is of little consequence. The whole picture is you are eternal. You're eternal. No matter what, you're eternal. But I got family trouble. Eternal. I've got failures. Eternal. I've been battling sickness. You're eternal. The eagle came and he said, "You came from the thoughts of God and you're going back to the thoughts of God." There is a source drawing you this morning. What's the whole picture? You are eternal. You're going back to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your failures aren't eternal. Your struggles are not eternal. Your sickness, your battles, Satan says, "Oh, I'm going to ruin your life. He can't ruin your life. Amen. Like to remind him that my life began before his. And will go on long after his. Think about it. You've been there. We're not all a bunch of angels. We've got failures. I still have them. But Satan will zero in on a microcosmic portion of your existence. Think about it. In the realm of eternity, now really speaking of time and eternity here, but in the realm of eternity, he'll zero in on that year of your life you didn't serve God. Or he'll zero in the few years where you didn't have a relationship with your children. or he'll zero in on this. He'll zero in on this failure and he'll replay it in your head over and over and over and he'll say, "I ruined your life. I ruined your life." Can you imagine me walking into New York City, walking into the biggest, wealthiest, richest bank there is, picking up a penny in the lobby and going, "I robbed the place. I robbed them. I took them for everything they're worth. That's the portion of their life he points to and says, "I ruined your life. I've got all eternity to rejoice with my loved ones, with Jesus Christ with no trials, no troubles, no heartaches, no failures. I'll be united with everybody I ever lost. Every pain will be wiped away." And you want to point to a little portion of nothing and say, "You ruin me." He can't ruin you. You're eternal. You're made of deity. You came from God. You're going back to God. He hasn't robbed nothing. My God owns the cattle on a thousand hills. I'm the son of prosperity. I have the Holy Spirit in my life. I've got a rapture ahead. No matter what he does, he can't ruin you today. He has not ruined you today. You are an overcomer. You are the bride of Christ. You are part of deity. You are going to have a body change. That's who you are. Hallelujah. Amen. I am eternal, sir. This world is going to end. Yes, sir. All sin's going to end. Systems of man are going to end. Religions will end. Sickness will end. Heartaches will end. Fear will end. But the word, it can never end. Heavens and earth going to pass away. But my word now when you can identify yourself as part of that word then you get the revelation. Yes sir. I can't be destroyed. I'm never going to have an end. You can let that crush your fears this morning and calm your worries this morning and just recognize that God's in control. What are you saying, brother Aaron? I'm saying you are of God, little children. Yes, sir. Prophet of God tells us. He says, "You're here because your name was placed on the Lamb's book of life before there was even a foundation of the world." I don't know if I ever told this here before. I'm going tell it again because I like it. You ever heard of a time stamp to where you can look and see when a transaction took place? They use it in business. Matter of fact, they've even upheld it in the court of law. It can be used as evidence. We have a time stamp showing when this took place. I can just see the devil coming up before the throne of God. Say, you see, I know you claim that Aaron belongs to you, God, but actually from the time he was born all the way up till some many, many years later when he was a grown married man, I actually had control over his life. See, he didn't give his life to you till he was, you know, 30 years old. He actually served me, God, longer than he has served you. So, he actually belongs to me, you know, and God God's gentleman. So he says, "Okay, well you let me check the record. Let me let's check the time stamp because because you're saying you had him." And he looks back there and he says, "Well, according to the time stamp, there was a lamb slain before the foundation of the world." And I wrote his name on my book before I ever even created you. So how could he belong to you? He was mine first. I had him first. He belonged to me first. I claimed him first. He was mine. He will always be mine. Just because you attacked, just because his failures, because his flesh got in the way, that doesn't change the fact that the time stamp says before the devil ever existed, I was a son of God. I was a child of God. I was part of God and I'm going back to God today. Hallelujah. You were in the eternals. You was with Jesus when he was here. You've been whooping the devil a lot longer than you thought you had. And you're going to keep whipping him every single day until we leave here because that's what Jesus did and that's who we are today. Hallelujah. You are the word bride. Yes, sir. Prophet of God says, "And God knows just exactly where you belong and what age you belong in." And therefore, if you got eternal life, the word eternal is something that never did begin, never can end. So, whoever you were, see, you were, you always were. You were God's attribute being displayed. A word in the beginning was the word and the word is a thought made manifest. You think it then speak it. He says like I say light. I had to think light before I said light. Microphone. I had to say had to think microphone to say microphone. He says and we are God's attributes his thoughts displayed. And I ask you how can we not manifest Jesus? How can we not have the life of Jesus manifested through us? How can we not do his works? See, the bride is going to manifest Jesus just as perfectly as he manifested the father. This gene. Well, you say, "How am I going to do that, brother?" And I No, no, no, no. You're not. Right. You're going to play a part. But this gene with this attribute, with that gene, with some attributes in Louisiana and attributes in Ohio and attributes in Tennessee and all around the world, those attributes come together to make up the body of the Lord Jesus Christ coming together in this day to make up his entire body. That's why you can't quit. That's why you can't stop. You're an attribute. You're of God. You're energized by an eternal source. No matter how hard it gets, you can't stop. And I want to zero in on this right now as we bring this to a close because we all go through some hard things. I don't even pretend to go through things as hard as a lot of you. You know, sometimes you think you got it bad and you look around and but we all have our trials. We all have situations and sometimes this flesh wants to stop. life gets to beating you down and seemingly down to death and trials on every hand and sometimes within your flesh you begin to wonder why you know I I'll just throw this in there. Sister Lydia's mom had passed away and brother Donnie was speaking at the funeral. You know he said we've been taught a lot of times that it's wrong to ask why. He said that's not true. He said, he said, "I our example, Jesus Christ, hung on the cross and said, "Father, why?" There's nothing wrong with a why. As long as you're okay sometimes with not understanding until you get there. Sometimes we we get angry at not having the answers, but it's human to ask why. Why? Why? You get worn down and you want to quit. The flesh wants to stop. We want suffering to end. We want pain to end. We want trials to end. You don't think Jesus wanted his to end? You don't think he wanted it to be over? You don't think there was a temptation to call all those angels to deliver him off the cross? Father, why hast thou forsaken me? Think about it. He was forsaken. Look it up. He was abandoned. Why have you abandoned me? He was deserted. When they beat him nearly to death, he had ribs showing. He had flesh missing. Why didn't he stop? When it hurt so bad. When his friends abandoned him. How many of us want to quit? Because our friends abandoned us. They denied even knowing who he was. They hid while he was on trial. They hid while he was being beat. Why didn't he quit? Because the very word that he manifested was the source of energy that drove him to its fulfillment. The very word that he manifested was the source of energy driving him because it had to be fulfilled. So he couldn't quit. He may have wanted to. The word drove him. The word drove him. He was the source of it. And yet it was the source of his strength. He was the power of the word and the power of the word was in him and inside of him was a hidden mystery and that hidden mystery was also word parts of himself that couldn't be expressed until the end time and it was word and that word was driving him. What word you? It was driving him. And those parts on the inside of him that could not be expressed until the end time could never be expressed unless he was put to sleep like Adam was. And those parts were also word. And because of them, he couldn't stop. Well, brother, brother, what's that got to do with us? Because now you can't stop. Because you, the parts that were once hidden in him are now manifested. And there's something hidden on the inside of you. That's right. And now whereas once he could not stop because you had to be manifested, there's a bride that cannot stop because there's something on the inside of them, a hidden mystery and they must manifest him. So there was a time he couldn't stop because you had to be manifested and now we can't stop because Jesus Christ has to be manifested to a dying world and it drives us. And Jesus said the nails are worth it, the weapon's worth it, the cross is worth it. And I say today his bride saying the trials are worth it. The struggle is worth it. Everything I'm going through, Lord, it's worth it. But I'm going to take another step. I'm going to keep going. No matter how bad life's getting, no matter who leaves, no matter who quits, there's something on the inside of me. There's a word on the inside of me and it's pulling and it's drawing cuz it must be manifested. There's a rapture. Who's going to go? I want to quit. Can't quit. Got to keep going. I'm being drawn to it because the word says there's a bride and the word's on the inside and the word's got to be fulfilled. So, it draws and it pulls and it draws. It's my source of life this morning. You can't quit. Why? Cuz we see the whole picture. You came from God. You're going back to God. It's Jesus on the inside. It's Jesus manifesting his life. It's Jesus overcoming in your body today. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. It's an eternal word. Oh, why does this word draw us? Why does it sustain us? It's where we find what we need. Because it's who we are. Prophet tells us, he says, first of all, we know most assuredly that the purpose of God stands in election. It was purposed in himself. It was God's purpose to bring forth a people like unto himself that would be a word bride. She was chosen before the foundation of the world in him. She was fornown and beloved before she was ever brought forth during the ages upon the earth. She was redeemed by his blood and can never grab this this morning as we close. Grab this. She was redeemed by his blood and can never come into condemnation. She can never be in the judgment because sin cannot be imputed unto her. Why? Because you came from the thoughts of God. You're going to go back to the thoughts of God. The source of the bride is an eternal source. You can't be destroyed. You cannot be annihilated because he cannot be annihilated. You're the word bride. Hybrids can be destroyed. Sin, unbelief, the devil, they can all be destroyed. Brother Matt, when all these storms is over, y'all still going to be here. When everything gets sorted out, y'all still going to be standing. And when the storm of all storms caused by the fall in the Garden of Eden ceases, we're still going to be there. We can't be destroyed because we're of God. Where does this charge we have come from? How do we go on and on and on? Where does the source of our strength come from? It's a divine energy. It's an eternal source. You can say this morning when you leave here, I came from God and I'm going back to God. Can you bow your heads with me this morning? You know, the devil comes in so many different attacks, so many different ways. Sometimes we find ourselves drinking from the wrong source. We find ourselves drawn by the wrong things. I sure wasn't condemning you this morning. I'm just saying, let's get back to the source. It's open in the house of David. It's available for you. But really, I just want you to stop and think for a minute. Recognizing all your failures. Ain't nothing wrong with recognizing you got them. I got them. I get knocked down. I get beat up. But in all those failures, I just want to encourage you and tell you this morning, you're not going to miss it. You're not going to miss it because you can't. Because you're part of God. What is the source of the bride? the thoughts of God. It's who we are. It's where we draw our strength. It's where we come from. It's where we're going. I just wonder if there'll be somebody in here like like myself today that would say, "Lord, let that revelation strike my heart today. That in every struggle, I just take another step. In every battle, I take another step because I know it's not in my strength, but Lord, it's you drawing me. Lord, forgive me if I've been drawing from the wrong source. Forgive me if I've been looking in the wrong source. But today, Lord, I want to take another drink from you. I want to draw from you this morning, Lord. Father, Lord, we come to you with hands lifted, our hearts open, saying, "Lord, I pray you forgive us for ever doubting. Forgive us for worrying. Lord, forgive us, Lord, when you've come so plainly in this day in a message and you showed us who we are. Lord, you showed us where we come from. You showed us where we're going, Lord. You've pulled back the seals and you said, "You are of God, little children." Lord, today, may we take faith in that. May we take faith knowing, Lord, that you're on the scene for us, that you're fighting our battles, Lord, the devil has not ruined us. It doesn't matter what he's done, where we failed, where we've struggled, he can't ruin us, for we are eternal. Lord, thank you for that this morning. Thank you that you didn't stop on your way to Calvary. Thank you that you shed your blood for me. Thank you that you opened my prison, Lord. Thank you that you opened my eyes, Father. Thank you for loving me this morning, Jesus. Lord, I just want to lay aside all the other sources right now. I want to lay aside my doubt and my fear. I want to lay aside where I've been drawing. Lord, I just want to come to you and say, "Lord, I need a drink. Lord, I need more of you. I need more revelation. I need more. Lord, just pour yourself into me. Lord, may I never be satisfied with where I'm at, but Lord, I want to take another step and another step and another step, Lord, until I step into that body change. Lord, I thank you for a message that showed us who we are. I thank you that you revealed it to us. Lord, I commit these people, Lord, this congregation and all the Lord folks and the believers in this area dealing with these storms. Lord, I pray your hand will move. Lord, may you just stay the rain and stay the water, Lord. Lord, may the may the lost be nothing that's not recovered, Lord. May you just bless them and restore twofold. I pray, Father. Lord, may they have more after than they did before. May you work in a mighty way, Lord, on every heart, those that are sick, those in the hospital, Lord, those that facing operations, Lord. Lord, you see, even at home, we have a funeral to go do, Lord. May your hand of mercy, Lord, be upon all these lives. And may we not get caught up staring at the trees today, but may we be elevated with an eagle's you to see the whole picture. We may have hardships this week that we never saw coming next week that we can't even explain. But Lord, may we not lose the vision, Lord, that you sent to us in this day. And you told us you're going to make it because you was with me before the foundation of the world and you'll be with me after its end. We thank you, Father. We commit this time, this service. I pray you take these words, Lord. May they will in some way Lord be a blessing and a help to your people. In Jesus name we pray. Commit it all to you. [Music] Amen. Amen. You'll stand to your feet this morning. Amen. Help me enjoy that message this morning. Amen. Amen. A way to come back to the source that God has given. As brother B said, by the blood we come back to God. It's the only foundation that God laid. He laid it in the Garden of Eden. I believe it's our source of life this morning. You believe that? What a tremendous message and reminder and uplifting to know who you are and a place to draw life from. Amen. And that's our desire is to draw life eternal. Amen. Not just to satisfy our flesh, but to satisfy that longing that's in our heart and feed our soul. Amen. Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. Can we sing it? I have a [Music] source of strength when I am weak. [Music] It takes me through when this life is pressing me. I have a source of power from above. Thank you, Lord, for I'm covered over by a shield of love. How many can claim it this morning? I claim the blood Jesus shed on [Music] Calvary. Those preious blood stains, they were laid there just for me. For all my sin, all my sickness and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood [Music] stains. I do not know how others make it through. [Music] who never go to Calary like we do. For I know there the healing and the cleansing stream is still flowing. and with peace that only his redeemed can [Music] know. So I claim the blood that Jesus shed on Calvary. [Music] All those precious blood stains were made there just for me. For all my sins and my sickness and my [Music] pain. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. Amen. How many could claim it this morning? I claim the blood. Maybe you just need to lift it, need some encouragement, or just a refilling of the spirit of God here. He gave us a place to go to get it. Yes, my Lord. Those precious blood stains I know were made there just for [Music] me. For all my sin and sickness and all my [Music] pain. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. Yes. For all my sin and sickness and my pain. Oh, when I need healing, I still can claim those preious blood stains. My is it wonderful to have something to claim this morning to lay a hold on when you need access to the source of life that God give us a place to get a hold of. Not only are we holding on to it, but it's what's holding on to us. Brother Aaron said, "It drew me." Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. How many loves the Lord? Amen. We just praise him this morning for all that he's done for us. What a tremendous God that we serve. Can we sing that song you were playing? You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Yes, my Lord. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. And Lord, you deserve the glory. You are worthy of it all. Yes, you're worthy of it all, my Lord Jesus. For from you are all things. To you are all things and you deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. Yes, you're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory for you're worthy of it all. Yes, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. Lord, you're worthy of it all. Yes, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things, and you deserve the [Music] glory. So I come to give you [Music] praise, Lord. I come to give you praise. For from you are all things and to you are all things and you deserve the glory. Lord, I come to lift my hands. Yes, I come to lift my hands to you, Jesus. For from you are all things, to you are all things, and you deserve the glory. Lord, I come to give my all. Yes, I come to give my all. Oh, for from you are all things. To you are all things and you deserve the glory. Can you give me praise this morning? Yes, Lord. I come to give you [Music] praise. Yes, I come to give you praise. Oh, for from you are all things, and to you are all things, and you deserve the glory. For I know you're worthy of it all. Yes, Lord, you're worthy of it all. I say, for from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Amen. Won't you give him a hand clap of praise this morning? Is he worthy of it all? Amen. How many can lift your hands? Say, "Lord, I give my all to thee. My life I surrender to you." Amen. You love the Lord this morning. I believe that's what God desires of us. you don't desire. I know. I remember when I was a kid, they used to have those signs on the the bumper stickers on the cars that said, "God is my co-pilot." I thought, "Well, that's the worst thing you could ever have. I don't need a co-pilot. God ain't nobody's co-pilot. He's your pilot." Amen. And if you're on board with him and then then then there's going to be safety. Amen. We ain't looking for God to fill a seat and and fill up the space when we need him or to take over when we we're looking for a God that can lead our life. Amen. How many can say amen to that? We want to surrender to him. Can we sing that song as we go? All to Jesus. I surrender. Amen. We just want to give all to him. We just want to remember those. I know sister Leah is going in in the morning 8:00 to have surgery on her neck. Just pray the Lord would be with her. We're going to be there with her and Blood John and and I just trust the Lord to bring her through it. I know it's the third time the doctor was kind of afraid to do it, especially in that region. Um, and you know, there's always the side effects of losing your voice and things like that. But, uh, you know, they've been they have to tell her all that stuff and of course to let you know, but I believe that we have a a God that is more than able and I believe that good doctors are gifts from God. And that this she said, "Well, the surgeon," he said, "Every time before he has a surgery, he always prays and ask the Lord to be with him." I said, "So will we." And I believe that the Lord will bring her through it on the other side. Amen. and have be able to recover from it and and and just a few days see her up there singing and just to worship the Lord and maybe God just put a song on her heart. Amen. And want to want to sing a special for us. Amen. And how many look forward to that? Amen. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. That's that's just good. We Well, we know Gabriella got it from somewhere and it sure wasn't Brother John. So, she's got to have No, I'm just Brother John sings pretty good, too. Amen. and you love the Lord this morning. Let's just sing this with all of our heart. Amen. As we prepare to go all to Jesus I surrender. All to him I freely give. I will ever love and trust you, Lord. In your presence, I'll daily. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee my blessed savior I surrender all to Jesus I surrender Lord humbly at your feet I bow worldly pleasures, all forsen. Lord, I give my all to Jesus. Lord, I give it all now. I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all. [Music] All to thee my blessed savior I surrender all. God bless you as you go this morning. Yes. All to [Music] Jesus I surrender. Make me savior. Holy th Let me feel thy Holy Spirit and truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed savior. I surrender
