################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - Bro. Andrew Glover  04-23-2025 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   Bro. Andrew Glover | 04-23-2025
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYTjTHGdiuo
========================================

[Music] Hey, [Music] [Music] is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great? Oh, how great is our God. Let's all stand and sing that first verse. For the [Music] splend. Yes, he's clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. Oh, and darkness tries to hide. Oh, trembles at his voice. Oh, trembles at his voice. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great, oh, how great is our God. Second verse now. Oh, and to which he stands as home and time is in his hand. Oh, the beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. Oh, the God has breathed in one. Oh, father, spirit, son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Last verse. Oh, on land and sea he [Music] stands. Oh, an open book in hand, reveal the son of man, revealing the son of man. Oh, uniting time has come. Oh, the bride in Christ are one. Yes. And soon we're going home. Soon we're going home. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great. Oh, how great is our God name above all names. Oh, for he's a name above all names. You are worthy of all praise. When my heart will sing, how great is our God, name above all names. Oh, for he's a name above. Oh, he's worthy of our praise this evening. Worthy of all praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Sing a chorus now. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, we'll see. How great. Oh, how great is our God. Hallelujah. Give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you just thankful we serve a great God this evening? Let's sing that. Sing that chorus. I just came to glorify. I just came to glorify. And I just came to glorify. Oh, glorify your name. Oh, and I just came to glorify. Oh, glorify your name. Oh, for there's no one. The name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it. Wherever I go, I came to glorify. Oh, glorify. If that's your prayer, just lift your hand and sing it to him again this evening. Oh, cuz I just came to glorify. Oh, glorify your name. Oh, and I just came to glorify Oh, glorify your [Music] name. Oh, for there's no other name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it wherever I go. I came to glorify glorify your name. Amen. How many you came to give him praise and worship that he's so worthy of this evening. Amen. Certainly good to be gathered once again on our Wednesday night service. Welcome those that are here, those that are live streaming. Just in great anticipation of what Lord has in store for us again. Thankful for his outpouring on Sunday morning. But there's still more of God. He can come and pour himself out once more. Just as powerful. Brother Travis, will you open in a word of prayer this [Music] evening? Amen. Why don't you turn around, greet your neighbor, shake their hands, welcome to the house of the Lord. joins me [Music] full. We'll start with the chorus. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glor of gloryful of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told. And I have found his graces all complete. He's supplying every need. And while I sit and learn at Jesus feet, yes, I am free. Yes, free indeed. For it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh the half has never yet been told. And I have found the pleasure I once craved. It is joy and peace within. Oh, what a wonderous blessing. I am saved from the awful g of sin. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, that half has never yet been told. And I have found that hope so bright and clear. Living in the realm of grace and know the Savior's presence is so near. I can see his smiling face. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory in it joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh the half has never yet. Oh I love this verse. I have found the joy. No tongue can tell how its waves of glory roll. And it is like a great overflowing well springing up within my soul. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never Oh, sing the chorus once more. For it is joy, unspeakable and full of glory. Full of gloryy, full of glory. It is joy. Unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told. Amen. Give a hand clap of praises. You may have your seats this evening. How are you thankful you have that joy this evening? Give me the key of F. Key of F. Oh, and some glad morning. When this life is all around, we'll fly away. Oh, and to a home on God's celestial shore. Yes, I will fly away. I'm singing. I will fly away. Oh, glory. I will fly away. Oh, when I die. Hallelujah. By and by. Yes, I will fly away. Oh, and when the shadows of this life have grown out, we'll fly away. Oh, like a bird from prison bars has flown. Oh, I will fly away. I'm singing out high away. Oh, glory. I will hide away. Oh, and when [Music] I Oh, now it's just a few more weary days and then we'll fly away. Oh, into a land where joy shall never end. Oh, I will fly away. I'm singing. I will fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away. Oh, when I die, hallelujah. By and by, yes, I will fly away. I'm singing out fly away glory I fly away for when I die hallelujah by and by I will fly away I'm singing everybody will be happy will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, there's a happy land of promise. Over in the great beyond where the saved of earth shall soon its glory share. Oh, where the souls of men shall enter and live on forever more. Everybody will be happy over there. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over them. Oh, we will hear nobody pray and no mourning in that hand. For no burdens there will be for us to bear. And all the people will be singing glory glory to the land. Everybody will be happy over there. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy. will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, we'll be singing round the throne in that land where no one ever knows to care. Oh, and the Christians of all ages will join in the triumph song. Everybody will be happy over there. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Then we'll meet the one who saved us and who kept us by his grace and who brought us to that land so bright and fair. Oh, we will praise his name forever as we look upon his face. Everybody will be happy over there. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. I'm singing. [Music] Everybody will be happy. will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Why don't you call him up? Call him up. Oh, tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line now. Oh Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line now. Oh, his line is never busy. So tell him what you want. His line is never busy. Tell him what you want. His line is never busy. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line down. Oh now if you need your healing, tell him what you want. Oh, if you need your healing, tell him what you want. If you need your healing, tell him what you want. My Jesus on the man, why don't you call him up? Call him up. Tell him what you want. Yes. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. By Jesus on the main line now. Oh, now if you want salvation, tell him what you want. If you want salvation, tell him. Oh, now if you want salvation, tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line now. Oh, and if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Oh, if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. And if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line now. Why don't you call him up? Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the man. Why don't you call him up? Oh, and call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Yes. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. My Jesus only man right now. Amen. Give the Lord a handcraft of praise this evening. Aren't you thankful we have somebody we can call on. His line is never busy. He's always there ready to supply every need we have this evening. Amen. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. You guys are worshiping good. It feels good up here. So I'm ready to praise him. Amen. Let's sing that song. Turn up my [Music] praise. So I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no alone. When the enemy comes open like a flood, I will raise up my standard and door. Sing it again to him. I'mma turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes, oh wind like a flood, I will raise up my standard and overcome. Now Satan, if you hear me, this line is for you. Oh, you have no power over what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus, but he lives in me too. So I will turn up my praise and show you what faith can do. I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no long when the enemy comes. Oh, like a flood. I will raise up my sin. I'll tell it to him again this evening. Oh now, Satan, if you hear me, this line is for you. Oh, you have no power over what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus, but he lives in me, too. So I will turn up my praise, show you what faith can do. I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no alone. When the enemy comes, oh, like a flood I will raise up. Oh, let's all stand and sing that first verse again. Oh now, Satan, if you hear me, this line is for you. Oh, you have no power over what I go through. You see, victory is Jesus, but Jesus lives in me, too. I will turn up my praise to show you what brother Joe can wake up. I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. [Music] How many's overcomers tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Go ahead. We give a hand clap of praise tonight. Hallelujah. How many's been fighting a battle? Amen. It's a battle that he's already won. I thought about that, Brother Brian. I was like, the battle that Satan creates is not even for his benefit. It's for yours. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're on the winning side tonight. Aren't you thankful for that? Amen. We got a prayer request. We're going to just take this as they talk take the offering up this evening. This brother Juan's stepdad got an infection in his fingers, turned septic, had to have surgery today. So, let's just remember him and his family tonight. And if you got a need upon your heart, I want you to make it known by the uplifting of your hands. And God's so mindful every one of our needs. And we're just praying our own way and all over the offering as well tonight. Lord Jesus, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for this opportunity, Lord, that you've given us this side of glory, Lord. Lord, as we sat in the service Sunday, we we felt and seen the very touch of heaven come down, Lord God, a foretaste of something coming, Lord. It's going to be so great. Lord, we got the earnest right now, Lord God. It's a resurrecting of the soul, as brother Andrew brought it so clearly. It's Easter again, Father. Lord, we rejoice, Lord, over the fellowship we had over the weekend, Lord. But we're looking forward to another good time tonight, Lord God. Do you realize tonight the battle's already been won, it's already been conquered, Lord, the very battle that we're facing, Lord, and it's going to give us strength. As they went down, Jonathan took his rod and dipped it down into the honey and drew strength for the journey and the battle, Lord. I believe it's the same going on right now for the believers, Lord. Every time we have need of, there's honey in the rock, Father. Well, Lord, we thank you for your presence tonight, Lord. This is another service, Lord. We're expecting great things tonight, Lord. We just pray over these requests, Lord, for the one's stepfather. Lord, we pray that you'll minister his needs tonight and every hand that was risen, Lord. Bless your offering and your tithing tonight. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. And the bride says, "Amen." Hallelujah. This ain't God's not dead. Well, God's not dead. He is alive where God's not dead. He is alive where God's not dead. He is alive. Well, I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. Oh, I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. Well, God's not dead. He is alive where God's not dead. He is alive where God's not dead. He is alive. Well, I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. We have him in our hearts. And he's all over me. with [Music] God's God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. Well, what do you think about Jesus? Well, what do you think about Jesus? Well, I say, what do you think about Jesus? Well, I know he's all right. All right. He healed my body when I was sick. I mean, testify about that tonight. when I was sick. He's all right. Well, he healed my body when I was sick. He's all right. He's all right. All right. He saved my soul when I was lost. Well, he saved my soul when I was lost. I said he saved my soul when I was lost. He's all right. that he's all around. All right. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. I said he filled me with the Holy Ghost. He's all right. He's all right. All right. Can you answer it? Well, what do you think about Jesus? Oh, what do you think about Jesus? I said, what do you think about Jesus? He's all right. He's all right. All [Music] [Applause] right. Amen. Won't you just go around and shake somebody's hand this evening and say, "We serve an all right God." Isn't he wonderful tonight? Amen. To serve a God that is more than able. Amen. And how many come to worship the Lord tonight? He's all right. Isn't he just listening? He's all right. Is he all right? Is he all right? Amen. Is he all right? God bless you. Praise the Lord. He's all right. God bless you. Amen. God bless you. Amen. He's all right. God, is he? Well, he saved my soul when I was lost. [Music] I said, "He saved my soul when I was lost." Somebody say it out loud. He saved my soul when I was lost. He's all right. I know that he's all right. All [Music] right. He didn't just save me. He saved my children, too. I said, "He's all right." He didn't just save me. He saved my children, too. He's all right. He didn't just save me. He saved my children, too. He's all right. Well, I said he's all right. All right. I said he didn't just save me. He saved my siblings, too. How many just testify about it tonight? He didn't just save me. He saved my siblings, too. He's all, didn't he, brother Mark? He didn't just save me. He saved my siblings, too. He's all right. I said he's all right. All right. How about my parents tonight? I said he didn't just save me. He saved my parents, too. He's all right. I said he didn't just save me, but my parents, too. If he's all right. He didn't just save me. He saved my parents, too. He's all right. Well, I said he's all right. All right. I say when he filled me, he filled me through and through. He's all right. When he filled me, he filled me through and through. I said, "He's all right." Well, when he filled me, he filled me through and through. Well, he's all right. Well, I said he's all right. All right. So, tonight I'm going to serve the Lord and praise him, too. How many can praise the Lord tonight? I said, I came to serve the Lord and praise him, too. He's all right. I come to serve the Lord and praise him, too. Well, he's all right. Well, I said he's all right. Can I ask you one more time? Well, I want to know. Well, what do you think about Jesus? Will I say, "What do you think about Jesus? Well, I say what do you think about Jesus? He's all right. Well, I said he's all right. All right. He's all What do you think about Jesus? Oh, somebody praise him tonight. What do you think about Jesus? Oh, I know he's all right. All right. Well, how many can give him a hand clap of praise? Amen. How many can praise him like you know he saved you? How many can praise him like you know he gave you the Holy Ghost? Amen. Like he saved your soul. He saved your family. Amen. Amen. My what a what an atmosphere in the house of God. Amen. On a Wednesday night, I I don't mind telling you it's camp meeting in the house of God. Amen. Amen. Anytime believers get together, something good always happens. Amen. And Amen. You can't get this many Holy Ghost people together and the spirit of the Lord not come among the church and do something special for us. Amen. Want to say God bless you all tonight. And it is a real honor to be back in the house of God with you again on a Wednesday evening. We thank our pastor, brother Matt, for this opportunity and invitation to speak to you tonight. And we just pray that we can say something that'll be a blessing to you and a help. And Amen. I tell you tonight, God is wonderful, isn't he? Amen. It is a real real uh strength, amen, to see your presence here in the house of God on a Wednesday night. And Amen. I know um I was listening the other day to a sermon uh from a friend of mine over in Africa, Brother Steven Abbali, and he was ministering. And he made a statement. He said, 'You know, he said, uh, if you love the church, you're there on Sunday morning. He said, if you love the pastor, you're there on Sunday night. He said, and if you love God, you're there on Wednesday night. Amen. I love something he said. He said, "Y'all know I used to only preach Revelation on Wednesday night." He said, "Cuz that was a night the believers were there." And I tell you, Brother David, that kind of got a hold of me. Amen. Amen. It's good tonight to be here with believers. Amen. I know there's there's different situations. people's not always able to be here, but we do want to say God bless you all. I know we see brother Ed there and your wife have been driving quite a ways to be here. God bless you all. And there's many driving a ways to be here on a Wednesday night. And Amen. What a strength it is to serve it, Lord. Let's just bow our hearts together tonight. How many just say, "Lord, on this midweek service, come by and speak to me tonight." Amen. Come by in the power of your word and minister to my needs. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this evening on this Wednesday afternoon, Father, pulling away from the things of life and the cares of the world and situations and homes and different problems they're facing. Lord, they've deemed this moment a very valuable time to come to your house. And Lord, I know as I look across this building tonight, there's many people that Lord have had to walk away from things today and leave them till the morning. But Lord, there's something in their hearts that's desiring to be in your house. For Lord, they know that wherever the word is, where the carcass is, they're pulled to be there. And Lord, I as a human, I have nothing to offer this people. But Lord, I know if you will come among us, if you will step from the pages of this book and you'll begin to reveal yourself. And as your word goes forth, Lord, it'll begin to discern the thoughts and intents of the heart. And Lord, we know that miracles can take place right here. I know Lord that on the calendar or we've not passed out flyers or announcements that this would be a special meeting. But Lord, whenever eagles get together, it's always special. So Lord, I know right here tonight that miracles can take place in bodies. Lord, I know right here tonight that deliverances and empty vessels, oh God, can be filled with your presence. Lord, I know there's believers at home tonight that would would love to be here. Father, I think of our sister Leah there recovering from that surgery, Lord. Father, how you're bringing her right along, Lord, desiring to be in the house of God. I know, Lord, you can go by her house tonight and you can go by the elders that's unable to be here tonight. You can sweep through their living rooms, oh God. And Lord, you can speak to them and you can break a piece of bread unto them, Father, because you are the omnipresent God, and you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, Lord, move among us tonight as we look into your word. And we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory in the wonderful name of our Lord. and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray and all the believers says amen and amen. God bless you this evening. If you have your Bibles while you're standing with us, we want to go to St. Luke chapter 24. Amen. St. Luke chapter 24. Amen. This be the last time we'll be speaking to you for a few days. I'll be leaving this weekend for Georgia and then heading over to Virginia to the tent meetings there. I know brother Matt and some of the folks here will be in those meetings as well. So, amen. And if y'all just give me a little grace, I'm going to pour my heart out to you tonight. Amen. St. Luke chapter 24 and verse number 16. Amen. I tell you, still still feasting on the mighty things God done for us Sunday. Amen. Amen. There's no better way to celebrate Easter than hearts coming up to give their heart to God. Amen. St. Luke chapter 24 and verse 16. Bible says, "But their eyes were holden that they should not know him. And he said unto them, "What manner of communication are these that ye have one to another?" I want you to notice this, "As you walk, and are sad?" And one of them, now notice this, and one of them, whose name was Cleopus, answered unto him, "Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass therein in these days?" Now, in the in Luke 24 and verse 31, I want to read there again. We've just read where the Bible said their eyes were closed. But here in verse 31, Christ reveals himself in the breaking of the bread. And the Bible says, "And their eyes were opened and they knew him." So their eyes were closed. Now their eyes is open and they knew him. And he vanished out of their sight. And they said one to another, "Did not our heart burn within us?" Now watch this. while he talked us by the way and while he opened to us the scriptures. Now in the book of Ephesians, Paul writing in Ephesians chapter 1, I want to read there Ephesians chapter 1 and verse number 17. Paul here writing, he's given a prayer for the Ephesian church in Ephesians 1:17. He says that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the father of glory may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation. Somebody say revelation. Revelation. Now this revelation is in the knowledge of him that the eyes of your understanding be enlightened. I want you to watch that ye may know what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints. Now that sounds like you're reading Luke 24, but now you're reading it under Paul. And he's saying their eyes were enlightened and there they come open that they may know him. Now look at verse 19. And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to usward who work it out and figure it out and memorize it and learn it to work unto us who believe according to the working of his mighty power. Amen. We ask the Lord this evening to add the blessing to the reading of his word as you can have your seats here this evening. I want to by the help of the Lord if I would take a title tonight. I want to speak to you on this. And our eyes have been opened and we know him. Our eyes have been opened and we know him. I can say this to you under a greater and deeper meaning tonight. Amen. It's Easter again. Amen. To think when we were closing there on Sunday, speaking of how that Peter, Amen, was was knowing that Jesus had been crucified, he knew he was in a tomb and he had gotten so discouraged. Brother Tommy just went back to the thing he knew. He knew how to fish and he knew all those things. But then the Bible tells us, amen, that Jesus had a message for Peter. And that message was, I am not dead, but I am alive and I will meet you in the place I promised. And you know, I just have to maybe ask you all to forgive me tonight. I probably lost a little bit of my my pullpit manner Sunday morning closing. But it just struck my heart. Amen. the reality that God, amen, is not just wanting us to look back and see that their eyes were open and they knew him, but rather he's wanting our eyes to come open and us to know him in the same way that they knew him. Now, in the message when their eyes were open, brother said, "I think the main thing that I'm trying to bring to you is the reality of the presence of Christ." Amen. the reality of the presence of Christ that you might see him and know that it is him by his identified promise for this day. Now, I love that we're not just going to see him. We're not just going to read about him, but we're going to see him and we're going to know him. In Luke 24, Jesus said their eyes were holding, amen, that they should not know him. And just re laying a foundation, that word holden, amen, was a death continuing to hold one. Amen. But that that death had to lose its hold. Amen. Because they were going to know him, which means they were going to be thoroughly acquainted with and they were going to know him accurately. Amen. They were not just going to know him, but they were going to know him accurately. I love this. And they were going to understand him. Amen. He says, "And their eyes were opened and they knew him." Amen. And he vanished out of their sight and they said one to another, "Now watch. Did not our heart, Amen. burn within us while he talked with us by the way. I love that it doesn't say did not our hearts burned within us or will not our hearts burn within us but this was amen a present tense burning amen of the revelation in their hearts amen and that word burn means to kindle it means to consume it means to agree amen I love that when something is burning it means you are agreeing with it amen and here the Bible said that they were walking amen with him in the resurrection and did not our hearts agree with him as he was talking to us along the way. I want to say to you, how can two, Amen, walk together except they be agreed? Amen. I want to say we're not walking with God. Amen. And disagreeing with God, Amen. But rather, we're walking with God. And as we're fellowshipping with him, we are having communion with him. And we are agreeing with him. Amen. More than we are agreeing with the things that's around us. Listen, I don't know about you, but I'm not here tonight in an agreement with my sickness. or I'm not here in an agreement with complexes or in an agreement with denomination. I refuse to agree, amen, with something that disagrees with God's word. But as we are walking with him, he is opening the scriptures to us. And that word open means to open one's soul. And the prophet of God said, "See, the light has come." Amen. As we have need of it, God says it. Amen. And it isn't open to us. Amen. because it's hid to our eyes until the day that God is able to reveal it. Amen. Somebody say until the day. Until the day. Until the day, amen, that God is able to reveal it. Now, I want to say this. The question tonight, amen, is not whether God is able to reveal it. As a matter of fact, he is more than able, amen, to reveal himself in the hour that we're living in. But the question is, amen, is there going to be a people who is going to be able to receive or going to be able to agree with what's being revealed to them or open to them? Isaiah prophesied. He said, "Whom shall teach knowledge?" Brother said, "Now that's not worldly knowledge." Amen. That's spiritual knowledge. And whom shall he make to understand doctrine? Amen. Them that are weaned from the milk. Amen. And drawn from the breast. He said, listen to this. Amen. All the tables are full of vomitage. He said there's no clean place. Now think about that. All the tables, denominations, amen, are full of vomit. And there is no clean tables to feed upon outside of the message of the hour. He said, "So who shall I teach knowledge? And who shall he make known to understand doctrine?" Amen. Them that are weaned from the milk. Amen. And drawn from the breast. He said, "They're not little babies." Presbyterian babies, Methodist babies, Pentecostal babies. Amen. Lutheran babies, Nazarene babies. Amen. He wants somebody that's willing. Amen. To get away from the breast. Amen. And eat some strong meat. He said, "Now here it comes." Amen. For precept must be upon precept. Amen. And line upon line. Here a little and there a little. Amen. Now watch. Here it comes. Amen. The word being revealed is the meat that will move you. Amen. From being a pave in Christ. Amen. to being a fully matured adopted son and daughter of God. That's why Daniel said, "Thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words." Amen. And seal the book even to the time of the end. For many shall run to and fro. Amen. And knowledge shall be increased. Amen. John said it like this in Revelation 1:3. He said, "Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, Amen. And they keep those things which are written therein." Now watch, for the time is at hand. Amen. Do you know the Bible said in Revelation 22:10, "Amen, seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book." Amen. For the time is at hand. Listen, they could not be revealed until the time that the bride come onto the earth. Amen. Because there was no one else could agree with the word except the word itself. That's why the prophet of God said, "Down in your soul, there was a predestinated seed." Amen. He said it was the word seeing the word. Amen. It was the word coming to the word. That's why the prophet of God said it's not you. Amen. In the word, Amen. But it's the word on the inside of you agreeing with itself. Listen, your flesh don't agree with the fact, Amen. that there's a God on the inside of you. Amen. That's greater than that flesh is. But there is a gene seed of God on the inside of your soul. Amen. And the word agrees with the word. I love what Jesus said. He said, "Even thus shall it be in the day, amen, when the Son of man is revealed." In John 14:20, he said, "At that day ye shall know, amen, that I am in the Father and ye in me and I in you." At that day, Brother Joe, you're not going to be guessing. Amen. You're not going to be disagreeing. You're not going to be, Amen, presuming, but you're going to know, Amen, that all that was in God, he poured into Christ. and all that is Christ has been poured into the church. He said, what did he say in Malachi 4? He said he would restore. Amen. He would bring back the original Pentecostal faith with the same Pentecostal message, with the same Pentecostal sign, with the same Pentecostal evidence, the same God. Amen. The same power and the same teaching. Hallelujah. Hey, when the word comes open, it's not just bringing emotion to shout. It's not just bringing anointing to see gifts operate. But when the word comes open, it is bringing an ability to be able to be taught by the word itself. Listen, we're not under a strange teaching, folks. We have come underneath the word and we are believing the same teaching. And that's why we're having the kind of services that we're having. Amen. It's not because of the music. Amen. It's not because of the program. It's because the prophecy of Isaiah has been fulfilled. There is now a clean place where the word can be taught and sons and daughters of God can hear the word and say that ain't nothing but the truth. They can hear the revelation and they can agree with the revelation because our eyes have come open and now we know it's not a man teaching us. It's not a preacher teaching us. Amen. It's the son of man. Amen. Revealed in human flesh. Amen. teaching the church as the bridegroom being the word and the bride being the hearer of the word. They come together in a union. See, amen. They unite like a wedding. Hallelujah. At that day, you'll know what all the father is. I am. Ain't that powerful? All the father is, I am. And all I am, you are. Well, for the first time, Amen. There's somebody on the earth that can agree with John 14:20. Hey, and at that day you will know that you are in me and I am in you. Amen. Now watch. See at that day. Amen. What day? That's this day. Amen. I don't know if you can EQ this. It's changed drastically. Amen. See at that day. What day? This day. See, we find out the great hidden mysteries of God. Amen. Are being revealed. Now watch. So we are living in the day that God promised more than just a sermon. He promised more than just a Bible study. But he promised a revealing or an understanding would come to the church. He said, "Now you cannot add nothing to the book or take nothing from it." See, amen. Who will ever add one word or take one word? His part will be taken from the book of life. Now, we cannot add amen. Or we cannot take Can I establish something to you? The message of the hour is not something added to the word of God. And it's not something being taken away from the word of God. Amen. The message of the hour, amen, is the revelation of the word that's being laying there in simple form. He said Luther could not get it. Wesley, Knox, Finny, Calvin, none of them could get it. But now in the last days, in the last days, we are given the understanding by the word that we are going to understand it. See, because it'll come to an Ephesian age. And we're here. Amen. Now, listen, folks. It's not just a preacher, amen, saying it's coming. Amen. It's coming. But it took a prophet to say, "We're here." It took a prophet, amen, to put his finger on Luke 17:30 and John 14:20 and Malachi 4 and Revelations 10. Amen. And say, "Listen, that's not coming. That's here." And you can agree with it. And if you can agree with it, then your eyes will come open to the power that's laying behind it. If you can agree that all that was in God is in you, then there ain't a devil big enough. There ain't a spirit bad enough. There ain't a demon hideous enough, amen, to defeat a son and daughter of God on their way to receive the fulfillment of the promise. I'll say this. Let me make an announcement. What we need is what we got. Well, somebody shout hallelujah. What we need is what we got. He said, "And what we need is an opening of the word that lives. That he's the same yesterday, today, and forever." I love the prompt of God's word. Let me read this quote to you. He said, "Lord, I cannot fill nobody with the Holy Ghost." He said, "Neither can I save anybody. I can only tell them what you said that blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled." He said, "And I pray God that you will create such a hunger in their hearts." Listen, I pray Lord that you will create such a hunger in their hearts. Many, Lord, they're got to be hungry. That's why they would drive these hundreds of miles through ice and everything over rainy mountains, across deserts to come to a little old place sitting here on the corner. He said, "But then I think again, Lord, you said where the carcass is." Amen. There the eagles would be gathered. He said, "Feed us, Lord, upon thy divine mana and give to our souls that what we really need. We are thirsting for you, Father." He said, "Let the great Holy Spirit that come down on the mountain." The other day up there, he said, "I pray that he'll saturate every heart in here with his goodness and mercy and with understanding." We realize, Father, that's what we need is to understand. For if we do not know what we're doing, then how will we do it? But we must have an understanding as Daniel said, understanding by the prophets and our father. Amen. Pray we have understanding by the Holy Spirit that he will reveal it to us. Amen. In this hour, listen folks, if anybody got a right to be happy in the house of God on a Wednesday night is the bride of Jesus Christ. We are literally sitting in the fulfillment of prophecy when he desired to reveal himself, when he desired to manifest himself. But all the tables were full of vomit. Oh, but in the day when the son of man will be revealed, Jesus Christ will be preached again in the church and the preaching of the Holy Ghost will clean up the table. It'll take the flowers off the altar. It'll take the cigarettes out of the pockets. It'll take the alcohol out of the refrigerator. It'll take the televisions out of the living room. It'll take the dresses Oh, God. Can I preach? It'll take the short dresses out of the closets. It'll take the rock and roll country music. Amen. Out of the players and it'll put a desire in there. Amen. To hear the word and to agree in the word. Yes, sir. What time is it, sir? He said, "How many ever heard it?" Say, "Amen." See, what is it exactly? He said, "Then we've got the revelation." Yes, sir. Ain't that powerful? We're not looking for the revelation, brother Mark. We've got the revelation in the last days for the message of the Lord God. Amen. To gather his bride together. No other age has it been promised. But in this age, Malachi 4, Luke 17:30, John 14:12, and Joel 2:28. See, these promises is just exactly like John the Baptist identified himself in the scripture. Look here in Philippians 3:8. Paul says, "Yeah, doubtless, and I count all things, but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them, but dung, that I may win Christ, and be found in him, not having my own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, which is the righteousness which God by faith has given to us." Look what he says in verse 10. that I may know him. Amen. That I may know him. Brother David, he didn't just want it to be exalted or or to say, "I got a better view on that than than Galia does." He said, "I want the revelation that I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his suffering being made conformable unto his death." I love what the prophet says in a little sermon called to see Jesus. He said, "Here he is now. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I take every spirit in my control for God's glory for a manifestation of the resurrection of his son. He says, "The Holy Spirit is here. Now be reverent." Listen and know him who knows you. Oh, church. Amen. Listen. Before you went to an altar, Brother Jared, he already knew you. Before you got baptized, he already knew you. Before you heard one book or or read one book or listened to one tape, Brother David, before you sang one song or ever preached one sermon or ever give your heart to God, he already knew you. You say, "I've been waiting for this hour." No, God has been waiting for this hour. He's been waiting for another Emmas road where he can walk down the road and he can break open the word and there'll be somebody that won't stumble at it. They won't choke on it. They won't spit it out. They will agree with it and say that's nothing but the truth. Come know him who knows you. Yes, sir. Brother said the other day, Billy Paul and I was in in the restaurant just right after his conversion. He said, "Daddy, we was in a place eating and there was a song, you know, like that." He said, "Ain't that a pretty song?" I said, "What song?" He said, "Daddy, you know there's only one thing about you that's wrong." I said, "What's that, Billy?" He said, "The only thing you think about is Christ. The only thing you think about is Christ. That's all. I said, "That's a compliment, son." He said, "Yes, sir." Thought he'd get next to me. He said, "I just know him." That's all he knew, brother Morgan. I just know him. He said, "That's all I want. And to know him is life." Come on, church. To know him is life. Amen. Know these other things I don't know about. It might identify me as a smart man. Can I say what a prophet said? He said, "I don't want to be a smart man. I just want to know him." How many can testify, "I don't want to be a smart man. I don't want to be having a reputation that I know it all and I got it all figured out. Oh, I just want to know him. I want to know him." As Paul said, in the power of his resurrection that when he calls, I'll come out from among the dead. That's all. And I want him. Listen, I want my name on the right place. That's why Solomon said in Ecclesiastes 3:14, he said, "I know, amen, that whatsoever God doeth, it shall be forever." How many will agree that what God done in Luke 24 shall be forever? Yes, sir. Amen. He said, "Nothing can be put to it, or nothing can be taken away from it, and God doeth it." Listen, that men should fear before him. That which has been, somebody say, hath been. Is now, and that which is to be, hath already been. Listen folks, and God requireth. Listen, God requireth that which is past. When I looked up that word requireth, brother Matt, I thought it might have been like a law or it might have been some burden of the word. You know what it means? It means to seek. It means to desire. It means to request. It means to seek, to find. It means to seek to secure. Listen, God is requiring your fellowship. Hallelujah. Why are you here on a Wednesday night? He's requiring your fellowship. He's not begging you for your fellowship. He's not beating you on the back for your fellowship. He's desiring your fellowship. He wants to walk again with somebody who will agree with him. He wants to walk again with somebody who will love him and they'll wash his feet with their tears and they'll dry it with their hair. He's looking for somebody to break out of the bad day, to break out of the bills that's piling up, to break out of all the situations and say, "Lord, you brought me back to the Emmas road. You don't just want to open eyes. You want to open my eyes cuz you want me to know you. You want me to know you because you already know me." Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You want to open my eyes. Amen. Cuz you want me to know you cuz you already know me. Oh, church. God is here tonight seeking. Thank you, Lord. If that revelation ever dropped in your heart, you'd lose all your concern about church politics. If that revelation ever dropped in your heart, you would lose all your concern about who took your parking spot, who didn't shake your hand, who didn't call on you to sing, who didn't visit you this week. If you lost that nonsense and got a real quickening power in your soul, that I'm only here because God is requiring to reveal himself to me. He's longing to move into my soul. Well, brother Andrew, there's problems at the house, but there's a problem solver in the building. Come on, church. I think it's time to take the restrictions off. I might as well preach. That devil's pushing. He got the wrong joker up here tonight. I'll push back. Amen. I will not lay down to that devil that wants to build a wall up and say, "My God cannot come into his church in the power of his resurrection because of all the problems and all the situations." I refuse, amen, to lay down the authority of the word and say, "Well, the devil can have his way. Satan can't have his way." Because while you're sitting there, amen, trying to tell God all your problems and tell God all your troubles and tell God all your situations, can I let you in on a little secret? He already knows about it. He already knows about the failures. He knows about the mistakes. He knows about the short words. He knows about the sins. He already knows all about it. But he's still here because he knows you. And he knows that if his word can strike your soul, he deposited something in there that will agree with it. Wouldn't you like to take a trip? He said, "Thank you, Lord." With Copius and them on the road to Emmas, he said, I'd like to walk with him. And it's possible. Yes, sir. Glory. I'm so glad to be living today that I can deal the still do the same thing. I can walk with him today just the same as they did then. Hallelujah. I can walk with him today. Hallelujah, brother Brian. Just the same as they did then. See, because I live, ye live also. Speaking to his wife. Listen, folks. What a resurrection that was. Come on. Can I Can I I'm sorry. This quote is just This quote's just been eating me up all day. What a resurrection that was. What a resurrection that was when he got up out of the tomb and brother Joe he walked down the Emmas road with Cleopus. Amen. But what a resurrection this is when he turned out there off the highway and he stepped down into your car and he rode down County Road 221 and he pulled into Grace Tabernacle and you've had a bad day. You've been all tore up. You've got all kinds of situations, but you said, "Lord, I'm going to go in there, but I want you to go with me. I want you to come in the service with me." and you constrained him, hey, to come into this meeting tonight. Listen, he's here. He's here. He's here to break the bread. He's here to fix the problem. He's here to forgive the sin. He's here to heal the body. Thank you, Lord. We constrained him, brother Matt. Yes, sir. We said, Lord, we want you to come in. Amen. Resurrection that was was the word's physical resurrection. But the resurrection this is is the word spiritual resurrection in bride form. Can I say what the Bible said? Spiritual resurrection has imparted spiritual knowledge and it is come into the believer. In Ephesians 2:1, "And you hath be quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins." Is it okay to read a little bit? We're in time past. Listen, ye walked. Come on. Why are you so upset about me preaching about you walk with God? You weren't upset to walk in depression all day. You weren't upset to walk in negativity all day. Won't you change your walking partners? Once you change who you're walking with, you've been walking with the problems and walking with the gossip and walking with the situation. Once you change who you're walking with, once you put on your walking shoes and walk with the resurrection for a while and let him open your eyes and let him reveal himself to walked in times past according to the prince of the power of the air. Listen. The spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. Doesn't that sound like Luke 24? They were walking with the Easter frown. They were walking in their conversation and their communication was depression and that he was dead. But I love verse four. But God, brother Ben, but God who is rich in mercy. For his great love wherewith he loved us even when we were dead in sins. Hallelujah. Hath quickened us together with Christ. By grace ye are saved. and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, that in the ages to come, that he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness towards us through Christ Jesus. For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God. It is not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus, unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. Listen folks, God chose a path for you to walk in, brother Carter. Before you was ever even born, God chose your path. He said, "I'll order your footsteps in the word." Re said, "Listen, now we are resurrected today. We are resurrected from the inside out, not from the outside in. See, we're not sealed out. We're sealed in. Them days when sin was the abomination before God and there was no appropriation to take it away, we were sealed away from it. But we are now raised with him in spiritual resurrection. We are sealed into the body of Christ. Can I say this to you? Eternally sealed. Well, I had a bad day. That don't change the fact you are eternally sealed. Well, I thought a bad thought. That don't change the fact you are eternally sealed. Well, I made a mistake. That don't change the fact you are eternally sealed. When a man receives the Holy Ghost on his soul, it's not from one meeting to another. It's not from one good service to another. It's until the day of your redemption. We're not sealed for a space of time, but for eternity. And now that person has received that is raised from dead from a life of sin. Listen, now we find out it's a complete work. It's a finished product. God's resurrection is a finished product. The Holy Ghost is God's seal of a finished product. Can I say something to you? This is not a double portion of emotion. This is a double portion of resurrection power. Amen. Brother Bram said, "We got eternal life, resurrection from sin now in righteousness with the Holy Ghost and then on the return with Christ. We come back both with physical resurrection cuz we already got spiritual resurrection. We have a double portion of it. Elisha and Elijah, listen, there ain't no more bother, brother. Death is nothing. We got it. It's ours. It cannot control me." We are now risen with him sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Can I say this to you? With all things under our feet. What is trying to hinder you right now should not be above you. It should be under your feet. Paul said even the physical resurrection is under our feet because we are in Christ. I love what the Bible says. That's the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the father of glory, that he may give unto you, amen, the spirit of wisdom and revelation and the knowledge of him. Look what brother Bam says. He says, see, he just keeps revealing himself to you all the time. Amen. Growing. Somebody shout growing. Amen. Can I tell you something? You might have had a bad day, but you ought to shout back at that devil, I'm still growing. [Applause] You may feel lower than a snake's belly right now, but you ought to take your position as a child of God and look that devil's player in the face and say, "But I'm still growing, devil. I may have made mistakes. I may have made failures and shortcomings, but I'm still growing. I'm still growing." See, I'm going from grace unto grace. I'm going from power unto power. I'm going from glory unto glory. I love this. Not fall back to fall back. I'm not going from fall back to fall back. Can I say this? The time has come. Amen. To quit falling back between services. Can I preach, pastor? It's time to quit falling back between services. It's time to take what God done for you and feed that experience until it releases an authority in you. Listen, I don't think you ought to have to go back and start over from Sunday. I think you ought to take a step on Monday and take a step on Tuesday and take a step tonight and take a step tomorrow. Come on, Cleopus. Come on, Grace Tabernacle. It's time to walk with the resurrection. It's time to walk and know him. It's time to know him accurately, not haphazardly. Hallelujah. It's time to know him in the revelation of stability. Now I just got to say what a prophet said. He said knowledge precise. Look what Paul says here. And correct knowledge. It is used of the knowledge of things ethical and divine. Now watch what this knowledge of him is going to do. The eyes of your understanding is going to be enlightened that you may know what is the hope of his calling. Hallelujah. Now how many will agree there's a lot of things calling at your life? Amen. Amen. But he's calling. Hallelujah. Y'all know I grew up in the mountains of East Tennessee and they used to have a saying around there. People go down to Gatlinburg. Amen. Capital vacation spot, I guess, of the world. Go down to Gatlinburgg and they get them t-shirts. Brother Xavier, they come wearing them t-shirts around. The mountains are calling. I must go. The mountains are calling. I must go. Come on. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. Some days you walk by your boat and it calls your name and you drop it. You drop everything and get on it cuz the water's calling. The fish are calling. That means there's something in that call that's got enough power to overtake you and cause you to drop what you're holding on to and go do something else. Oh, church of the living God, this Eleazar call, this resurrection call has called you. It's time to drop everything unlike it. It's time to go do something else. It's time to go from being depressed to having joy unspeakable and full of glory. It's time to go from condemnation and walk in redemption authority. It's time to lay aside the guilt and quit trying to re We ain't a bunch of Catholics, folks. We ain't paying penance on Wednesday nights. We're growing from grace under grace, from power unto power, from glory unto glory as he reveals himself. and what their riches. And y'all know somebody going to drop everything they got and go fishing or drop everything they got and go to the mountains. Somebody got to pay for that. I know it's Wednesday night. I'm home. I'm having fun. Somebody got to pay for it, brother Xavier. Somebody got to pay that bill. You say, "Brother Ed, there's no way I can drop what I'm carrying and walk with God." Well, my Bible says, "And that you might know what is the richest of his glory which is the inheritance in the saints. Look at this word know. It means to pay attention to. It means to observe, to look at, to behold, to have an interview with, to visit, has the sign significance of a present, to know, to get knowledge of, of any fact. Listen, the force and meaning of something which has definite meaning to know how to be skilled in to have regard for one to pay attention to. Amen. You said brother Andrew I don't think all these services are important. Well, God said in Ephesians for ministry in the church to bring the church to the knowledge of him. Look what Jeremiah says in Jeremiah 9:23. He says, "Thus sayaith the Lord, let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might. Let not the rich man glory in his riches. But let him that glorieth gloryth in this, that he understandeth, and knoweth me, that I am the Lord, which exercise loving kindness, judgment, and righteousness in the earth. For in these things I delight, saith the Lord." Amen. If a man glories, brother Matt, let him glory in this that I know him. If I shout about anything, let me shout about this. I know him. If I dance about anything, let me dance about this. I know him. If I'm going to preach anything, let me preach this. I know him. If I'm going to testify, let me testify this. I know him. Oh, but let's not leave it there. Sister Jordan, he knows you and he knows me and he knows every one of you. I'm sorry, folks. I'm a rich man. I'm a rich man. The tables are full of vomit, but God brought me to the message of the hour and opened my eyes. John 7:16. I'm just plowing through some scriptures. Is that okay? Jesus answered them and said, "My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me, and if any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine." Now, brother Matt, can I take some liberty? Good. Okay. Okay. I'm a little put out with people running around knocking doctrine. Come on. Little pass sick of it. Well, we don't need no doctrine. Bless God. We're just all one. I'm sorry. I'm not a part of some table full of vomit. That you want to call all one. We're not all one. The doctrine of this message is what separates us from the world. Come on, folks. God ain't walking with the Baptist. Brother David, he ain't walking with the Methodist. And get mad at him if you want to. He ain't even walking with the non-denominationals because they can't agree with the word. They can't agree with the word of God. He wants to walk with somebody that he can agree with and they won't tok out what he says on their table. But I say, "Oh God, if you got to bypass them all, come to us, Lord. We're willing to walk with you. We want to know more than just a good service. We want more than just a feeling. We want the doctrine of the word. We want the meat of the word." Amen. Whether he be of God or whether I speak of myself. Somebody say, "Well, I don't think we need doctrine." Can I say this? Doctrine is the truth. Jesus said to the Jews which believed on him, "If you continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed." Listen, and ye shall know the truth. Yes, sir. And the truth shall make you free. Can I say this? The truth is not a church, folks. The truth is not a preacher, Brother Joe. The truth is not an idea. The truth is a person. And Jesus said, "I am the way." Hallelujah. Yes, sir. I am the truth and I am the life. Look what he said in John 17:3. And this life eternal that they might know thee, the only true God and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. Listen in Colossians 1:10, Paul said that you might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work. Look, and increasing in the knowledge of God. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "Well, I'm just in the message." I say it's time to walk. It's time to walk in the revelation of the resurrection. It's time to walk with these books. It's time to walk with these tapes. And I'm just going to get it out there and say it. Is that okay? I refuse to lay off of that. Because I happen to know that's the only way to walk into a resurrection. Hallelujah. Amen. You said, "Brother, what are you talking about? Increasing in the knowledge of God." Roman said, "Listen, I want you to get this that before this certain thing called the new birth ever happens to the man, he cannot know, he can no way at all understand or ever understand God or have any knowledge of God. Though the word speaks it, his mind cannot comprehend it. Listen, because it's a human mind, he's got to have the mind of God in him to understand godly things. He said when a man experiences the depth of God in his life, it is an actual personal experience of the spirit of God indwelling him and his mind is illuminated by the wisdom and the knowledge of God through the word. Look what Solomon said in Proverbs 2:5. Is everybody okay? Then thou shalt understand the fear of the Lord. Listen and find the knowledge of God. For the Lord giveth wisdom out of his mouth, cometh knowledge and understanding. He layeth up sound wisdom for the righteous. Yes, sir. Oh, God. Ain't that powerful? He layeth up sound wisdom for the righteous. Listen, he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly. Can I say this to you? If you walk with him, you won't have to fight your battles. He'll fight them for you. If you walk with him, you won't have to worry about things to say. He'll give you the words to say. He keepeth the paths of judgment. Are you ready for this? And he preserveth the way of his saints. Brother Bobby, he preserves the way you walk in. Look what the Bible said in 2 Peter 1:2. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you. How's it going to come? Through the knowledge, hallelujah, of God and of our Lord Jesus. according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue. Listen, whereby are given unto us, amen, exceeding great and precious promises, that by these ye might be the partakers of the divine nature. Hallelujah. Now, can I read the rest of it? Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. That's right. Come on. Can I tell you why the devil hates you? You got away. Amen. You got away. The devil hates you because you got away. The devil hates Cleopus because he got away. The devil hates Paul because he got away. The devil hates grace tabernacle because we got away. How do we get away? Through the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. Grace and peace has been multiplied unto us. You say, well, when you see that scripture is not contradictory. The knowledge of God can reveal it. Now, he says, notice you are now on your way. You are growing to the full resurrection. Can I say this to you? No tree just comes up overnight. It's got to grow. And as we grow in the grace and the knowledge of God, you are baptized into the Holy Spirit. Listen now, as the Pentecostal church baptized in the Holy Spirit, it's begin growing. Limbs has died. They was pruning them off. But the tree is still growing. It's still going on because it's got to come to the resurrection. Can I say this to you? It's time to cast down imaginations. It's time to bring every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bring it into captivity, every thought to the obedience of Christ. Now church, can I say this to you? It is past time to stop walking up to your enemy presuming. Amen. The Bible says that Israel presumed they would go up on top of the hill. Listen. And the prophet of God said they got whipped because they was presuming. He said, "Now listen, what happens is Israel presumed that because God had been good, so good, he would just go on being good." He said, "See, but the problem was they were all together out of the will of God." But now look, God does not presume. Amen. Can I say what Paul says? He said, "Our God is a consuming fire." See, you say you're a believer, you don't have to presume anything. It's God consuming you. You don't have to presume. See, it's consuming. And you are God's sacrifice. As they walked with him on the road to Emmas, their hearts were consumed by the revelation. Brother David, it becomes so real to them. The Bible says that they actually went on and they went on fellowship with him. Now look here in Matthew 17. The Bible goes on to Mount Transfiguration. Look here what it says. It says there's many voices in the world today. There's many things going on, many doctrines, many isms. But hear ye him. He's the one final voice of authority. Hallelujah. He's the one that'll speak. I love what the prophet God said. He said, "See, this angel of light, this messenger of Malachi 4 is calling you out to walk with him in authority." Can I say something to you tonight? You shall know him. Yes, sir. Precisely. You shall know him accurately. I'll say this. Thank God we're not baptizing haphazardly. Thank God we're not taking communion haphazardly. Thank God we have come out of her, my people. We have received the voice and the authority of God has been revealed in his church. You say, "Preacher, what are you saying?" I'm saying this. You got a supreme faith in the truth being the truth. Then you need a supreme God that made a supreme promise and a supreme result will come. Rebraham said this. He says, "Look in Revelation 10. I hope this okay. I'm going somewhere." He said, "I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven. He was clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was up on his head and his face as it were the sun and his feet is pillars of fire. Remember said see I just described to you that old English judge. He said there's that wig. It's the supreme authority. He said now listen if you'll turn the picture you will see he is supreme judge. Supreme authority has brought supreme knowledge into the church. It is a perfect identification again that the message is the truth in the light of his resurrection. We still go forth in his name. Can I say something to you? We're not following emotions. Emotions is not supreme authority. We're following vindicated word. Remember said, see, he said if Moses would have followed the emotions of the people, they'd have been running all over the mountains screaming and Pharaoh's army would have got them. But they followed instructions. See, and let me say this. Rebraham said, "God gives us instructions on whether to know whether we don't have to presume anything or nothing." Listen, you can have an experience to know him. Can I close on this? You don't have to live another day guessing. You don't have to live another day looking for something to feed your souls. [Applause] You don't have to go another second looking for something to draw strength from. Supreme authority is here. Chief authority is here. Come on. You said, "Brother Andrew, why are you so big on those tapes?" Cuz I know that's the only thing that'll feed a revival in a soul of a young person. You said, "Brother Andrew, Amen. There, that's just a waste of time." No, it's not. Amen. You don't know what joy it does my heart when one of these young brothers texts me and says, "What tape do you recommend we listen to?" I know people think that's a shame. It's not a shame because they're walking as authority. There was a pastor called me the other day. He said, "But Andrew," he said, "I want to say this. Thank you for preaching the message." He said, "My young kids come home from a meeting and said they were coming to me asking me about what tapes to listen to." He said, "Because you so instilled the fact that those tapes are authority." Well, can I say this? Because I'm walking in the revelation, I know him. You know him. Let me say this. We're not blind. We're not blind. You know what the Bible says? The Bible says, "The blind lead the blind and they all fall into a ditch. It's kind of like something I've always wondered about. Jonah is going to an eye doctor who wears glasses himself. The blind leads the blind and they all fall in a ditch. Come on, church. You know what the Bible says? The Bible says this. It said John was going to introduce to the world who the Messiah was. Now, John didn't stand there and say, "I presume here he is." He said, "No, oh God, that's it." He said he didn't presume nothing. He knew he was the son of God. He knowed he was the lamb that was taken away the sin of the world because it was revealed to him. Look at the woman at the well. I I love this one. The woman at the well. Everybody knows the woman at the well. bad reputation, bad back life, bad history, unrecognized in society. But can I tell you something? She knew him. Can I tell you something? And he knew her. Hallelujah. He knew her before she knew him. Hallelujah. When she walked to the well, he didn't say who you are. He said, "You got five husbands and the one you're living with is not yours." And you know what she said? She said, "I guess you're the Messiah." She said, "I guess you're the one that's to come. I guess you're the one that's going to reveal these things." No, sir. She looked him in the face and she said, "I know. I know. I know that when Messiah cometh, he will do these things." Can I say this to you? And Daniel said, "The people that know their God shall be strong and do great exploits." You know what the Bible said? The Bible said she dropped. Oh, God. Hallelujah. She threw it away. Reality was calling her. The resurrection was calling her. A new life was calling her. Hallelujah. A new Oh, God. A new headship was calling her. And she threw away the water bucket. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, church. Can I say it to you tonight? Come on. Hallelujah. I know it's Wednesday. I'm trying to behave myself. The mountains ain't calling, but reality is. [Applause] Vacation ain't calling, but the way, the truth, and the life is. I'm sorry. I can't carry it no more. Jared, I got to let it go. I got to respond to the call. Hallelujah. She dropped her water bucket because she looked upon him whose presence she was in. Hallelujah. And the quickening power quickened the seed. Hallelujah. In her soul. Oh God. Quickening power. Hallelujah. It quickened a seed in her soul. And she didn't stand there and guess. Hallelujah. She didn't stand there and agree. She didn't stand there and disagree and say, "Are you the one?" Let me ask you this question. How did you know that? No. She agreed with it. Come on, folks. I'm going to close on this, but I'm going to knock that devil square in the face, and you can sit there and watch me. Amen. I'll say it to you like this. It's time to quit agreeing with things that's condemning you. It's time to quit agreeing with them. It's time to agree with the word. You say, "Brother Andrew, how did she get out of that condition? By simply agreeing." When she simply agreed with the word. Hallelujah. When she simply agreed with the word, she walked out of the life of prostitution and she become a David Paul. She become a woman whose name is immortal tonight because she simply agreed with the resurrected Lord. She agreed with the word. Hallelujah. Can I say something to you tonight? You can walk out of it. Come on, folks. I'm going to say this under the leadership of the Holy Ghost right now. It was not a mistake that Matt Moore sang that. He saved you. He saved your kids. He saved your kids. He saved your parents. Was not a mistake, Matt. Brother Matt. Sorry. It was not a mistake. It was the Lord. Cuz I tell you this, you know how Hatty Wright's two boys come to God? Do you know how Hatty Wright's two boys came back to God? Because she agreed with one who had been walking with the resurrection. Hallelujah. She had been walking. He had been walking with the resurrection. He had been walking with Mark 11. He had been walking with Jesus. He was up there in the mountains and he said, "Let there be squirrels." Let there be squirrels. Sister Tammy, there were squirrels. There were squirrels right there. And he walked Oh, God. He walked into Charlie Cox's house with the revelation in his soul. That Mark 11 is still in effect. and he rehearsed I'm just I'm calming down here Wednesday night. And he rehearsed his conversation with the resurrection. Listen folks, you may not believe it, but I've seen it. Brother Morgan, I was preaching at brother Sean's one Sunday. I was preaching on the third pull power, and there was a man there. He told me, he said, "Brother Andrew," he said, "I'm gonna bring something tonight." He said, "If you're preaching the third pull," he said, "I know you're headed to the Charlie Cox's house where Hattie Wright got her two boys." I said, "Brother, that's where I'm headed." He said, "I'm going to bring something tonight." And brother Morgan, I walked in there to preach and in front of the pull pit was a table. You know what he told me? He said, "But Andrew," he said, "that little mark right there on that corner." He said, "Charlie Cox gave me that table." He said that was the table that brother Brandham walked in there and laid them seven created squirrels on. Listen folks, I don't have the table here tonight. Come on. I don't have the table here, but brother Jared, the God that done it back there, [Music] the God that done it back there is right here tonight. He requireth the things which has been done. Brother Matt, he's looking for somewhere. He's seeking somewhere he can do it again. Oh God. Hallelujah. He's seeking somewhere he can do it again. I say right here on County Road 221. Do it again, Lord. Reveal yourself again, Lord. And I'll say this, Brother Bobby. We'll agree with it. Won't you stand to your feet and say, "Amen tonight." Amen. Yes, sir. As our musicians come, the people that know their God, that have a knowledge of him, their eyes have come open, their hearts has been set on fire. Hallelujah. Brother Mark, it's burning. I've been consumed. Hallelujah. I'm sorry. I'm an addict, Brother David. I can't get enough of it. It's consumed me. I'm sorry. Can y'all forgive me? Okay. Please, please forgive me. But I don't know how to give up. You say, "How can you say that, brother David Paul?" Because I've tried and it didn't work. [Applause] I've tried, Brother David, to give up and it didn't work. You know why? Cuz I didn't start myself. I didn't consume myself. Something greater than me did. It's become the force of my life. Brother David, our eyes are open. Glory to God. Our eyes are open, church. We know him. Tell you why the devil hates you. He wanted you to stay blind. Amen. Brother David, he wanted you to stay blind. He wanted you to stay blind to the calling that God has. Brother Matt, he want that devil wanted you to stay blind to the richness richness of the glory of Jesus Christ and the power of his salvation. Brother Carter, the devil wants you to stay blind to the fact God is a healer. The devil wants you to stay blind to the fact that God is a brother Kobe. The devil wants you to stay blind to the fact that greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. But can I say this? The only reason he wants us to stay blind is because a blind person's easier to control. No offense, but somebody's blind or easier to control. You can tell them what you want them to know because Oh, God. Because they have no ability to see for themselves. The sun is red. The sun is red. The grass is pink. The grass is pink. There's three gods. There's three gods. You're saved one day and lost the next. I'm saved one day and lost the next. Holy Ghost is speaking in tong. Holy Ghost is speaking. Because they're blind, they can't see for themselves. But I want to tell that devil, I got my own Holy Ghost. I got my own books and tapes. I got the message of the hour. You can't control me no longer. I can see for myself. I don't need somebody to tell me my name's on the lamb's book of life. I see my name on the lamb's book of life. I don't need somebody to prophesy over me and tell me I got a future. I see my future by the preaching of the knowledge of God. Hallelujah. I'm not blind. I know him. And he knows me. [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know him. [Music] If you're blind, Brother Joe, somebody tell you you're a failure. I'm a failure. Brother Joe, Brother Joe. Brother Joe, if you're blind, somebody tell you ain't going to get a blessing. I ain't going to get a blessing. But it's too late. I've already seen the value of a blessing. I've seen it, Brother David. Hallelujah. I know him. Pillar of fire ain't real. Okay, I'm blind. The pillar of fire ain't real. But too late. I've already saw it. Back off the message. It don't work. Too late. I've already seen it work. Can I say this to you? Grace Tabernacle is not blind. Trust somebody's ought to shout the medal off. We'll get him to put it back on. Brother Joe, we ain't blind. We ain't blind. Anybody got a right toe shout tonight? Is the bride of Jesus Christ? We ain't blind. We have seen our names. We have seen the revelation. We have seen the appearing of the Lord. We have seen the manifestation of his resurrection. Can't control our praise no more. Hallelujah. You can't control my praise no more. I've already seen my name in the lamb's black eyes. You can't control my dance no more. I've already seen it. I've already seen it. Stop me now. It's in my heart. Thank you, Lord. It's in my heart. God bless you tonight. [Music] I see him. Next time you read Luke 24, read the updated version. Okay, brother Connor, don't read it like this. And their eyes were open and they knew him. Read it like this. Okay. And Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s eyes was open. And Connor knew him. Your eyes have been You can read it like that, buddy. On Sunday, your eyes have been open. [Applause] I'm sorry. I feel good. It's cuz I'm not blind. [Music] They hate me, but they can't stop me. Hallelujah. I can read it for myself. They can criticize me, but they ain't set me up. Cuz I got my own books and tapes. I got my own Holy Ghost. I got my own Bible. I know who God is. Yes, sir. And I know where he's at. Yes, sir. Amen. Their eyes were opened and they knew him. What a resurrection that was. Amen. But Eve's eyes were open and Eve knew him. Brian's eyes was open and Brian knew him. Hallelujah. Are you hearing me, church? Are you hearing me? Our eyes have come open. We can see him in the power of his resurrection. Can't nobody stop my praise. Can't nobody shut my worship up. Can't nobody intimidate me. Can't nobody quiet me down. Brother John, I've done seen him. Brother Phil, he's already in me. I know where I come from. I know where I'm going. I'm going to enjoy my vision. I'm going to enjoy my eyesight. I've seen him. Hallelujah. Sister Sarah, it just wasn't back then. Right here in this church, our pastor's wife can say, "And Sarah's eyes were open." Brother Matt, that ought to make you shout. Hallelujah. You ain't a pastor got a wife arguing with the word, but her eyes were open and she knew him and your eyes were open and you knew him and your baby's eyes were open and they knew him and your son-in-law's and he knew him. It's Easter again. [Applause] Bible days, men have returned. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Won't somebody raise your hands right now? And thank God for your sight. Thank God for the knowledge. Thank God for the revelation. Thank God for the breaking of the bread. Thank God he come right in here tonight. He come right in here tonight. Hallelujah. He come right in here tonight. and your eyes have been opened and you see him and you see him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen folks, I think it's time right now to take a moment and go beyond your limitations and praise. I think it's time right now to go beyond them devils that's been limiting you. I think it's time to praise God. I think it's time to praise him like the woman at the well. I think it's time to praise him like Cleopus on his way back. I think it's time to praise him like blind Barnameus. I think it's time to praise him like oh God. I think it's time to praise him like Peter. I think it's time to praise him like Bartholomew. I think it's time to praise him like Thomas. I think it's time to praise him like the widow of Naine. I think it's time to praise him like Hattie Rides. I think it's time to praise him like Georgia Carter. I think it's time to praise him like Upshaw. I think it's time to praise him like Florence Nightingale. I think it's time to praise him like David. I think it's time to praise him like Mark. I think it's time to praise him like Emanuel. I think it's time to praise him like brother Tom. I think it's time to praise the Lord. Our eyes have come open. And we know him accurately. We know him. We know him and he knows us. We know him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, that's it tonight. Open up your voice. Open up your voice in the sanctuary. Open up your voice in the tabernacle. Come on, folks. I'm telling you tonight, it's time to praise him. It's time to praise him like somebody that's had their eyes open. Some of y'all right here tonight. Some of y That's it, brother Poppy. Hallelujah. It's time to release your praise. Let a praise come up out of Zion. Hallelujah. You prayed and you prayed and you prayed and you prayed and you sought the Lord and you begged the Lord and you prayed and you prayed. But here you are standing in the middle of the answer of the prayer of your soul. I think it's time to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sorry if I get beside myself. I'm in the middle of a miracle. Hallelujah. I'm sorry if I start dancing. I'm in the middle of a victory. The devil told me I wouldn't make it. Spirits told me I was finished. But God got me on the Emmas road and he opened my eyes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Almighty God, all across this sanctuary tonight is modern day believers. Bible days have returned again right here. in Grace Tabernacle. Eyes that have been holding have come open. Hearts, hearts that have been veiled, has been set on fire. [Music] Lord God, inhabit the praises of your children. Father, I invite you right here in this humble sanctuary tonight. Lord, my Lord, I invite you in this meeting tonight. My Lord, I invite you in this meeting tonight. In this sacred moment, Lord, in that little room under the third pool, the bread has been broken. The eyes have come open. Lord, I invite you in this moment right now. Lord, come. Come into this moment right now. Hallelujah. And enjoy the answer to your desire. Enjoy the answer to your desire. Lord, this is what you've been looking for. Lord, this is what you've been seeking. Lord, this is what you've been praying. Lord, this is what you prayed for. Lord, my Bible says you prayed. You prayed for your children from before the foundation of the world. Lord, this is what you was praying for. Father, this is what you were seeking for. Lord, this is what you was longing for. Lord, I walk around in it tonight, Lord. It's what you were wanting, Father. You were wanting somewhere you could come and your word could be preached. There would be no vomit on the tables, Lord. There would be no man's doctrines on the table. There would be no personalities on the table. There would be no denominational agendas on the table. But Lord, there would be souls on the table. There would be believers on the table that you could come and consume with your revealing. And Lord, they would agree with you. They would agree with you, Lord. Everything you said to them They would say, "Amen." Everything you revealed to them and showed them, they would agree with it. Lord, come into your garden [Music] tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Folks, I'm not a crazy man. I'm not a crazy man. But we're back in a little room tonight, Brother David. We're in a little room tonight. And he's breaking the bread and he's revealing his word. I think it's time. I think it's time. I think it's time to update that scriptured version tonight from their eyes were open and put your name there tonight and know him accurately. I love him, man. I love him. I love him. I love him. I love him because he first love me. That's it tonight. Hallelujah. And per just my [Music] [Applause] [Music] salvation on Cal Calvary. I'm not a singer, but the Lord gave this to me today studying. Oh, I know him. Amen. Oh, I know him because he first knew me and placed a seed. down in my soul. Oh, I Yes, I know him. I'm sorry. I got to sing it again. Oh, I Anybody testify with me tonight? Brother Morgan, I know him. I know him. Come on, brother Matt. You can do more with it than I can. All he first Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And purchased my [Music] redemption on [Music] Cal tree. Brother B, won't you sing that for me? I know him. Can you let the Lord use you? I know the anointing rest on him to get in that inspiration. God bless you, friends. Know him who knows you. He first knew me and he placed a se in my soul. Therefore I I know him. I said I know him. I know him just because he first knew me. And he placed this sea down in my soul so that I might know. For I know Jesus is the sweetest name I [Music] know. Oh, I say and he's just the same as his holy name. Oh, and that's the reason why I love him so. Oh, for Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Amen. How many know him in a personal way? Isn't that tremendous? I know him because he first knew me. Isn't Isn't it wonderful to know God? How many walk with him tonight? Amen. I think it's tremendous to be able to walk with God. You know, you know, I got to thinking brother Andrew was preaching that and how that how that they when that Jesus walked down to that man that was lame for 38 years and he walked past all of those people, but he came to where he was. I thought, isn't that something? He said, he bypassed them all, but he came to me. So, Lord, how grateful that he was whenever any doctor could have came by and gave him a way to cope with his condition or cope with his sickness. But when Jesus came by, he just made him whole again. I thought, my, no wonder he rejoiced. He said, you passed by all of them and you found me in my calamity and you lifted me up. You gave me the strength to walk again. All of those around me, still things going on in their life, but you came to me. Don't that make you want to worship God? It wasn't something you done. He just came to you, Brother David. saw me in my situation and he came to me and he lifted me out of it and gave me the strength to walk and healing for my body and restored me back to what I was in the beginning. Isn't that wonderful? Don't that make you want to war? Won't you just give him a hand clap of praise tonight? Isn't he wonderful? Amen. He said when you agree with the word, it changed your identification. It changed how everybody looked at that man. He could have sat there and he said, "Take up thy bed and walk." That man could have sat right where he was and said, "No, heal him won't ever come to my body. I've always had this bit. I've been in this way my whole life." But he didn't say none of that. You know what he did, Brother Travis? The weakness of his knees and the frailness of his body, it started shaking underneath him as he reached up and grabbed everything, all the strength that he could muster and done all that he could to stand to his feet. And even when those that would look around him and say, "How's he ever going to make it? How's he going to walk upright? How is he going to have the strength to stand when he does get up? And if he does stand, how can he ever take a step? But he didn't think about none of it. He obeyed the Lord and he agreed with the word and it changed his identification. No longer was he just a sitter. No longer was he a beggar, but now he was a walker that followed Jesus. I don't know about you tonight, but that's what I want to be. Amen. Lord, I ain't trying to lead myself anyway. Just let me be a walker that'll follow you. Wherever you lead me, Lord, I'll follow. Amen. Isn't that the desire of our heart tonight? How many enjoyed that message tonight? Amen. What a tremendous blessing to know God and for God to know you. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. Can we sing that? He'll do it again just before we go. Amen. Well, you may be down and feel like God has somehow [Music] forgotten. With circumstance, you can't get through. Right now it seems there's no way out. We're going under. But God's proven time and time again he'll take care of you. He'll do it again for you. He will do it again. Just take a look where you are now and where you've been. He'll always come through for you. He's the same now as [Music] me. You may not know how. You may not know when he'll do it again. God knows the things you're going through. He knows when you're hurting. He understands just when your heart is broken in two. Oh, he's the God of the stars, the sun and the sea. He is your father. and he'll calm the storm and he'll find a way to fix it for you. He'll do it again for you. He will do it [Music] again. Just take a look at where you are now and where you've been. He'll always come through for you. He's the same now as he was back then. You may not know how. You may not know when, but he'll do it again. Amen. He's not just the God of the past, is he? Amen. How many's looking forward to God just to continue to work in your life? How many says, "I'm still growing." Isn't that the truth? I'm still growing. Don't matter how old we get. I love you, brother Ben. He just raised both hands. I'm still growing. Amen. Amen. I I just love the Lord. Amen. Do you love one another? Amen. Amen. None of y'all love your pastor because none of you go to church on Sunday night, but we love each other anyway. Amen. I like we don't even have church on Sunday night. We do too. Anybody that says that don't even know us. We We have church all day on Sunday and a little bit on Monday and some on Tuesday and whole bunch on Wednesday and a little on Thursday and Friday. It's just something that's in our heart. That's just who we are. Amen. We don't come to church to have church. We are the church. Amen. Amen. I don't know. I don't know about everybody else, but that's just who we are. A identification has been changed. We're the church of the living God, the bride of Jesus Christ. And everywhere you go, you're still the bride. You believe that tonight? Amen. I just enjoyed that. What a wonderful spirit. Such a liberty. The Lord's doing so much for us. Amen. We're looking forward to getting to work on our building and we'll have a meeting here in a few days to kind of discuss that and and Lord's made some opportunity for us. I don't think that God's ever given us a vision or a desire on our heart that he didn't provide a way to do it. So, uh, we just want to thank the Lord for everything that he's doing for us. and just always a tremendous blessing to know that God's on your side. Amen. When it seems like you can't make it another day, but we got God on our side. Amen. Amen. I just I just enjoyed that message tonight. And just uh as a prayer request, let me just wait just a moment. I I want to remind everybody um our we have a youth trip on June I believe it's on the 16th through the 18th. It's on the Monday following Father's Day. I believe that's June the 15th on that Sunday. So, we're going to leave on on the Monday morning, take all the young people, and uh we've uh we're going to rent uh several condos. We have condos for the girls, condos for the boys, and uh so we're going to have a really good time. We're going to Branson, I think. Uh plan on going to Silver Dollar City and some different things with the young people. So, uh always enjoy being able to do that. Um all of the young people are invited to go. It doesn't matter how old you are. Uh we certainly want everybody to come. We're paying for all the young people. We'll pay for all their food, all their stay, uh their uh trip there, uh at the park and all that, food vouchers and all that's all taken care of. Finances. Um the only thing that we uh request uh and I say request differently. Only thing that we require is that if you're under 13 years old that you have a guardian or a parent to come with you. So we'll take all 13 year olds and up and we'll be responsible. uh but under 13 still welcome to go. We'll still take care of the bill. Uh but we just need a guardian, somebody that can sign off to take care of. And u and y'all I promise you, you don't want me keeping up with 35 seven year olds. I'd have a blast doing it, but we might lose a couple of them in the cave down there. So, if we want them all to come back, we need we need some parents and guardians to go with the little ones. Uh, also if you'd be willing to chaperon in the older group, um, then we'll just write your name on the list, the signup sheets in the back of the church, and we'll be contacting those that we'd like to be able to go. Um, if anybody else would like to attend, uh, we have a a price per person. Um, and we can discuss that. It's so we just we don't want anybody left out. So even if you're if you just feel young and you want to go, you're welcome to go. So we don't want nobody left out. We just want to go and and have a good time with the young people and I thank God that he's given us the ability to do that. And I thank our young people. They mean the world to me and I know they do to you also. And uh just having the privilege to be able to go and and do fun things with them. I always uh have that on my heart to do. And uh they they they love the Lord so much. They'll do anything for you. They're the first ones to volunteer and help. And so we always want to reward all of that. So, uh, just remember that coming up. Also, Brother Sean's meeting out, tent meeting starts next week on Wednesday night. Brother Daryl Ward will be, uh, starting that meeting out. And I'll be home, Lord willing. I'll take the service here Sunday and Wednesday night also. Uh, then plan on flying out on Thursday morning. And, and I'll be ministering during that meeting. Also, Brother Andrew will be there ministering. And so if anybody'd like to go, brother Sean extended an invitation to be there. Brother Joe will be speaking uh here at the home church on that Sunday uh of the meeting. So brother Joe, you're not going to be able to go to the tent tent meet. But if he can pull that off, he's a greater man than I thought. I think he's a great man. But Lord, we'll just uh just just be anticipating the prayers for that. Just expecting God to do great things. And just want to remember have some requests. Remember sister Destiny was not feeling well tonight. Um also Denanishia had asked for prayer before service having some bad headaches. Asked the church to pray for her. I don't know if we had a request up. And uh also for brother Morgan's uncle Kevin. He they took him to the hospital uh thought he had had a many stroke asked the Lord to touch his body and I know that God is certainly mindful. Brother Brian, would you mind to come and close us in a in a in a word of prayer tonight? Just remember these as you go our hearts. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we always count it a privilege and an honor, Lord, that we could come before you, Lord, knowing that you've called us, Lord, before, Lord. We even knew one another, Lord. But you've seen this day, Lord, and you've seen this service, Lord. Father, we always gather with great expectations of what you will do, Lord. But Lord, if we could just meet your expectations of us, Lord. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the revealed word for this hour, Lord. Father, for these requests, Lord, that's been laid before you, Father God. We know you've already seen the need, but Father, we come, Lord, knowing, Father, that you're mindful of us, Lord, and that you care for us, Lord. Father God, knowing that you come yourself, Lord God, to bind up the brokenhearted, Lord, to bind up the sick, Father, and hold them close to you, Lord. Father, go with us, Lord, as we go from this place, Lord, that our hearts are always burning for you, Lord. And that our conversation is of you, Lord. Father God, keep your hand of protection upon each child, Lord. Father, these trips that's coming up for the youth, Lord. Father, that they could just see, Lord, the importance of your word, Father God, that they would be so entitled to ask questions, to dig in, Father, to know who they are in you, Lord. Father, we ask you all these things, Lord. Let our hearts always burn, Father. Lord, I ask you, Lord, and I I'm so thankful for this church, Lord. Father, and for the precious people that are here, Lord. Father, it's such a place of rest. And I'm so thankful. Father God, I ask you to bless each individual one just for being so great, Lord. I ask all these things in your precious name, Lord, Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight as you go victory in Jesus name. Amen. and just go walking with the Lord. Amen. Well, I heard an old old story how the Savior came from glory. How he made the lame to walk again and he caused the blind to see. His precious blood atone and I repented of my sins and won the victory. I say victory in Jesus my savior forever. Well, he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me before I ever knew him. And all my love is to him. Well, he punched me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. Well, I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing. How he made the lame to walk again. And he calls the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus, he came and brought to me the victory. I say victory in Jesus my savior [Music] forever. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music]
