################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - Pastor Matt Morse  Out of the Shadows, Into the Light  8-31-25 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-31
Title:    Pastor Matt Morse | Out of the Shadows, Into the Light | 8-31-25
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPlHqTkOGLc
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning and I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. All put your hands together and sing it to him now. Oh, I am blessed. Yes, I am blessed. Oh, every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning, I lay my head to rest. I am blessed. Oh, I am singing just once more. Oh, I am blessed. Yes, I am blessed. Every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning, I lay my head to rest. I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. Praise him. Oh, and praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Yes. Praise him. I'll praise him till the sun go. Oh, let's praise him. I will praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Have you come to praise him? We're a blessed people this morning. Certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord. Brother Caleb, will you open the service in a word of prayer? [Music] Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Certainly good to be gathered with each and every one of you. Just a quick announcement today. Um, brother Jared and Sister Kelsey are doing a church yard sale uh this Saturday or next Saturday and all the proceeds that are from that will be going towards our church building fund. Um, I know brother Matt's been talking about it. We're ready to knock out these vaults and so they just want to contribute and do a church yard sale. It was their idea and so if you have anything you'd like to donate to them, uh, you can either drop it off their house or Wednesday night you can put it in the fellowship hall and we'll pick it up. And so all the proceeds for that will be going towards the church building funds as we get ready to expand. We're definitely looking forward to that. Give us a little elbow room to worship the Lord. Certainly good to be here or certain guests. We got uh with the Kayla's family's here in from Georgia. So we got his mom, sister Leona, and his brother-in-law, brother Kyle, and sister Ashley, and their two twin daughters, Remy and Railen. Uh don't ask me which one is which because I still haven't figured it out, but And then brother Lee is also with them. So certainly good to have them here. Anyone's here on live stream just ask that you just enter in and worship the Lord this morning. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Oh, and as I journey through the land, I'm singing as I go and pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Oh, many arrows pierce my soul from without. Oh, but my Lord needs me all. Through him I must win and oh I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass. Oh at last ever to rejoice. When in valley low I look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there he's leading in the fire. Oh with a tender hand I'll stretch toward the valley low. He's guiding me. I can see as I onward go and oh I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace and all the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares all past home at last, ever to rejoice when his service for my Lord. Dark may be the night. Oh, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me life. Oh, Satan snares may vex my soul, turn my thoughts aside. Oh, but my Lord goes ahead and leads whatever it's high. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares all past ever to rejoice. Oh, and before me pillows rise from the mighty deeds. Oh, then my Lord directs my bar. He does save the king. Oh, and he leads me gently on through this world below. For he's a real friend to me and oh I love him so and oh I want to see him look upon his face. Oh there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass at last. Let's sing that last verse once more. Oh and before me those rise from the mighty king. Oh, then my Lord directs my bar. He does save the king. Oh, and he leads me gently on through this world below. For he's a real friend to me. And oh, I love him soul. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares all past at last. Oh, sing the chorus once more. And oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Oh, of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all past home at last, ever to rejoice. Oh, this world is not my home. Aren't you thankful this is not our final resting place? And this world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckoning me from heaven's open doors. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And no Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckoning me from heaven's open door and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know for I fixed it up with Jesus oh many years ago. And I know he'll see me through. Though I am weak at home and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door and I can't feel at home in this world and anymore. Just over in the glory land will live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. The songs of sweetest praise drip back from heaven shore. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. And no Lord, you know no friend like you. My treasures are lit up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckoning me from heaven's open doors and I can't feel at home. Oh, let's all stand as the brothers come for offering. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. And the angels beckon me from heaven's open doors. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Amen. Brother, we pray the offer. [Music] Well, I'm laying up my treasures in that home above. Oh, I'm trusting, fully trusting in the Savior's love. I'm doing what I can for that heavenly love. Cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of world. I'm keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, in each earthly trial I his love can trace. I'm sure that up in heaven I shall find a place. Cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. And I'm getting ready to leave this world. And I'm getting ready for those gates of pearl. I'm keeping my record. I'm watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go." And if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger here below. But I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of pearl. I'm keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said I'll go. And if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger here below. But I'm getting ready. Oh, why don't you turn around, shake your neighbor's hand, tell them I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those days of Oh, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready. I'll sing that last verse once more. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go." Cuz if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger here below. But I'm getting ready. Sister De, you'll bring your song this morning. Oh, and I'm getting ready to leave this world. And I'm getting ready for those gates of pearl. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, give the Lord hand clap a praise this morning. for the Joe if you'll be ready right after her and then Sister Van if you'll follow with the Joe. [Music] &gt;&gt; So, I've been thinking about this song for since Brother Joe um preached that message, Bride's Arsenal. I was always taught that and believe that raising my hands in worship is an act of surrender to God. Being vulnerable before him while receiving what he has in store for me, praising him with my whole heart, even when you don't feel like praising him. &gt;&gt; So, this is a song my mom used to sing. [Music] When your body is racked with pain and the pills you take in vain and the doctor says no more than I can do. There is something you will find and it works every time. Raise your hands and lift your hands and praise the Lord. Just raise your hands and lift your head and praise the Lord. Every need he will meet and much more. If you want your heart glad and to make the devil mad, just raise your hands, lift your head and praise the Lord. [Music] Just raise your hands and lift your head and praise the Lord. [Music] Every need he will make and much more. If you want your heart glad and to make the devil mad, just raise your hands and lift your head and praise the Lord. If you haven't got it done and your clothes begin to shine and your shoes, they are getting mighty thin. Just thank God for the mansion he's prepared just for you. Just raise your hands and lift your head and praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Just raise your hands and lift your hands and praise the Lord. [Music] Every need he will be and much more. If you want your heart glad and to make the devil mad, just raise your hands. Lift your head and praise the Lord. Just raise your hands. Lift your hands and praise the Lord. In every need he will be. and much more. If you want your heart glad and to make the devil mad, just raise your hands and lift your head and praise the Lord. Amen. [Applause] [Music] How many likes to make the devil mad? &gt;&gt; Won't you give a hand clap of praise to the Lord this morning? Certainly good. Ain't we thankful for his mercy and grace this morning? Where would we be without his mercy? This morning, Paul tells us in visions, we all came the same old way. Became this world and such darkness and gloom and doom. Looked like there was no way of escape, but there was conjunction. He said, "But God rich in mercy." Aren't you thankful for his mercy this morning? Hallelujah. You know this song. You help us sing it this morning. [Music] Clean with your mother were the words of Hosea as he sent his children to extend his mercy. So they journey down the old path led to much destruction. All the while their loving were hurting. [Music] Their hope was crushed inside as their compassion was denied. The woman they so love seemed like a stranger. Heartbroken and alone, they took the long road back home. For sin now reign and hopes and gone to change. [Music] One day the word was told. There were some slaves being sold. A restless love sa seeking. One by one they brought them in. So beaten down with sin. blood in his chest. His anxious heart was beating. [Music] All at once, she caught his eyes. From the lips, the bids were high. She could not believe the voice that she was hearing. Would in judgment take her life in this pain and shrine? What would happen as she saw her? Join near her. Oh, I've come to take you home. I know that you've done wrong. [Music] But for you, I gave my life. Through the sorrow, pain, and dry. Well, I could never let you go. So, let's leave the past behind. [Music] Love conquers one more time. He took her by the hand. Says there's a new day just ahead. I've come to take you home. This is where we're at now. Our past stood in that same place. Bound by sin, a broken slave. From the depths of my despair, I pray for mercy. Heard his word. He paid the price. On the cross, he gave his life. For he took my hand, said, "Child, you're in the family." Oh, I come to take you home. How many felt that feeling? I know that you done wrong. [Music] But for you, I gave my life through the sorrow, pain, and strive. Well, I can never let you go. So, let's leave that old past behind. Oh, that's his amazing grace this morning. Conquers one more time. Well, he took me by the hand. Says a new day's just ahead. Sing that last verse one more time. Oh, mercy's real to us this morning, saints. How many stood there? Well, I stood in that same place. Bound by sin, a broken slave. From the depths of my despair, I prayed for mercy. I heard his word. He paid the price. On a cross, he gave his life. Boy, he took my head, said, "Ch, you're in the family. Oh, I've come to take you home. [Music] Know that you've done wrong. You I gave my life through the sorrow, pain, and stri. Oh, I can never let you go. It's impossible, saints. So let's leave the past behind. [Music] God's love conquers one more time. Oh, he took us by the hand. Says a new day's just come to take you home. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Are you from the battle? Does it seem like the storm just won't break? Is there a mountain in front of you? The doubt says we'll never move. And you wonder, will God make a way? [Music] Will tell me a time he's not been faithful. Tell me a morning his mercies weren't new. Tell me a moment he wasn't able to carry you through. [Music] Tell me a day he was less than almighty when he could not roll back the high. child. When you look back, you're going to find there was never a time. [Music] So be strong in the Lord and remember to take hold of faith and stand firm. Oh, you can be confident. The Lord keeps his promises. If you doubt him, just read through his word and tell me it's not been faithful. Tell me a morning his mercies weren't new. Tell me a moment. He was unable to carry you through. [Music] Tell me a day he was less than almighty when he could not roll back the t. child. When you look back, you're going to find there was never a time. He can work miracles, do the impossible. If you don't believe it, just go on and try to tell me a time he's not been faithful. Tell me a morning his mercies were new. Tell me a moment he was unable to carry you through. Tell me a day he was less than almighty when he could not roll back the tie. Child, when you look back, you're going to find there was never a time. [Music] Child, when you look back, you're going to find there was never a time. [Music] [Applause] If there's ever been a time he's failed you, &gt;&gt; you may be like Daniel and pray for 21 days and get no answers. That means he never heard. That just means it's on its way. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You may think you're three days late like Lazarus, but that he's still right on time. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's all stand as we invite our pastor to come. He's in the house. He's in the house. [Music] Oh, he's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. I will praise his name. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. First verse. Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when she said she's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to say, "He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee." Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. I will praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] We were like when he's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more down. I will praise his name. Yes, praise his name. Oh, he's in the house. I'll make it personal now. We were like that little girl dead in all our sin. Jesus touched his heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house to claim. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no doubt. I will praise his name. Oh, praise his name. In the course, he's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is light. When darkness, now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise him. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] We are like that little girl dead in all our sins. How many has that testimony this morning? &gt;&gt; And he gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house death has to flee. And now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Let the worshippers arise. [Applause] [Music] Let the sons and daughters sing. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to How many worshippers do we have here this morning? Won't you just make him welcome? Let the worshippers arise. Yes, my Lord. Let the sons and daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I'm surrender to the king. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand to let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. [Applause] Let the sons and daughters sing. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. Oh my Lord, I surrender to the king. I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemer as the bride of every nation. You believe we have a song this morning? Well, from our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is my song. I sing to my king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. &gt;&gt; Yes, I surrendering my all. Yes, my Lord, I surrender to the King. &gt;&gt; Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? I believe we have a song on our heart. It's the song of the life that we live. Amen. I believe that's what the Bible tells us to make your bodies a living sacrifice unto the Lord. I I believe we have a right to praise God. Amen. Do you believe that? I believe we have a right to worship God. I can tell you what a prophet said. As long as it's off of a sanctified altar, God will accept it. And I I believe that we come this morning as a body of believers. We sanctified our lives to the Lord. And because you have done that, you have a right to worship God. And God hears our praise and he inhabits the praise of his people. I believe that. You believe that this morning? How many needs the Lord just to step down and inhabit your praise this morning? Amen. Will we make him welcome? Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. We just want to say we sure it's good to be in the house of the Lord and I just count it a privilege every time that we come in the house of God and we're so honored uh to be able to come and speak to you and uh thank God for each one of you and it sure sure wouldn't be a church without people in it. and but but we're here this morning to give back to the Lord and to have fellowship around the word of God. And uh so we just want to say we love the Lord. Appreciate each one coming. We want to welcome our visitors here this morning. May God bless you and just uh trust that something to be said that would be a help and and uh we we just we just love the Lord here and and we just want to do all that we can to draw closer to God. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord. Somebody say amen. You love everybody around you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, if you don't love them, you don't love the Lord because that's what Jesus said. Amen. You love every You can look around the whole building and see a people that you love. Amen. And it's a family. Amen. We love one another. We've been brought together uh by God to serve God. And uh I certainly appreciate all my brothers and sisters. And and so we we just want to do all that we can for the gospel. Amen. And we don't want to uh remember in prayer this morning says a young family whose 20-month-old child uh is in the hospital with a cancerous brain tumor. Asking for prayer also for Cody and Jasmine uh Allen Trebway for a safe trip to Tennessee and back home safe. So just want to remember remember them in in prayer this morning. And maybe if you have a need on your heart, just lift your hand to the Lord. I know God knows what we have need of uh this morning and we'll just ask him to come. Let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for an opportunity, Lord, to come and gather in this little sanctuary that you've given us, Lord, that we could fellowship around the word of God. And Lord, here I stand in a group of believers, Lord, of people of like precious faith. And Lord, we come. We have no agenda, Lord. No motive of any kind outside of this gospel, Lord. But we believe according to your word, Lord, that we have a cause, Lord, we have a real a cause to be able to stand. And Lord, to be able to to battle against the enemy, Lord, that would come and Lord, that would be such a hindrance to your children. But Lord, we have an authority over that enemy this morning. And Lord, we just ask you that you would come, Lord, in a special way. Lord, I pray that you would minister to every heart, Lord, knowing there's many great needs, Lord, this uh child, Lord, that has never uh done anything wrong, Lord, never had anything in its life. And Lord, we just ask, Lord, that you would intervene. Lord, I believe we have a right as a believers, Lord, to call upon your name. Lord, I pray that you would touch them. And Lord, that you would deliver this baby. Lord, we just ask you, Lord. I know that you're a healer. Lord, I pray for everyone in this building, Lord. And I pray that something would be said that would be a help to the church, Lord, that we could go from this place knowing that we've been in your presence and we'll give you the glory for everything that's been done and said. We thank you for it now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. We just want to invite you to the scripture to the book of Zechariah and we're going to read out of the 14th chapter and the sixth uh verse, sixth and seventh uh verse. So, we'll just give you a moment just to turn there. And I I just want to say it's a certainly a real privilege uh to be able to preach the gospel to believers. Amen. And uh how many believers do we have here this morning? Amen. We just uh we just certainly uh count it an honor and uh what a responsibility it is. You know, I was thinking about how uh that that God would entrust us to be able to speak something to the bride of Christ, a people that means everything to him enough that he would give his own life for them. Uh so you got to be careful what you say uh to the bride of Jesus Christ. It's a great responsibility. And uh so we just want to uh trust the Lord this morning that something would be said uh that would be a help to you. uh Zechariah the 14th chapter uh the sixth verse the Bible says and it shall come to pass in that day that the light shall not be clear nor dark but it shall be one day which shall be known unto the Lord. Now notice it says one day it shall be known unto the Lord not day nor night but it shall come to pass that at the evening time it shall be light. And we'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word this morning as you take your seats. Um over the last few Sundays um that I have the ones I had spoke I had been speaking in this uh same direction we had taken out of Ephesians the first chapter when it was the prayer of Apostle Paul uh Paul's prayer was that the eyes of our hearts would be enlightened. It was always uh uh the prayer of of the apostle Paul when he was spreading the gospel is that people would have a revelation of what it was that he was preaching. And so, uh, we've been preaching out of that. And last Sunday, we had taken this, uh, uh, direction on this scripture, uh, on the revealing of redemption. And so, I want to, I want to just continue in this. The Lord just keeps this on my heart. And, uh, but I would like to take this direction this morning on out of the shadows and into the light. Out of the shadows and into the light. Here we're reading in the scripture of Zechariah the 14th chapter. I know this is a very familiar scripture, but uh Zachchariah is speaking of a day that is to come. Now uh he speaks this he prophesied this over 500 years before that day ever came. It was uh uh quite some time had passed. But uh he was speaking of a day that would come. It would be a gloomy day. Last Sunday uh we were going through this scripture and talking about how that it was a day without without uh it wouldn't be dark. It wouldn't be light, but it would be a gloomy day. and and uh and that day was we realized from last time that brother Bram would actually show us that that one day was an age of time uh between the time of Jesus leaving the earth and the time of the rapture. So during during this age of time, so from it would be one long day from the time of Jesus to the time of a rapture and uh that the day would not be called day or night, but it would be a gloomy day. And uh but I want you to catch this that the glooiness of the day was that the lack of a full revelation. It wasn't that uh it wasn't that that there was uh that it was a a natural uh uh uh glooiness, but it was a spiritual glooiness. So the glooiness of this long day has been the lack of a fullness of a revelation. And so uh what Zachchariah is telling us but at the end of this day there's going to come a full revelation to the church and said so at the evening time there shall be light. I thought it that's just something to realize that the age that we're living in and you know you think about the history and from the time of Apostle Paul who was the the messenger to the gentile church and all through the ages there's been great revivals and great moves of God and great uh healings and great campaigns all around the world but still yet in all of the move of God there was still a glooiness. In other words, there was no fullness of revelation. And I thought, you know, if they could have a revival in a gloomy day, and they could have a a move of God in a gloomy day, and if there could be great movements in the church in the gloomy day when the fullness of the revelation wasn't there, then what about the age when there would be light? I if they could have a revival, then what what kind of revival ought we be having today? Uh we realize that what the angel of the Lord, he actually declared that the fullness of the revelation would come in the age that we're living in. How many believe that this morning? You know that means that there's a greater revelation that you have today uh than than there has been in any in any part of this day and any from the time of Jesus till now. It's been ministered about it. It's been brought about. They've been waiting to see it for 2,000 years. But but because of the glooiness of the spirit or of revelation, brother Bobby, they uh they they haven't been able to see it. But the Bible said, "But in the evening time, the gloom would be lifted. There would be a great light that would shine." And I don't know about y'all, but I'm just happy to be living in the presence of that great light. I I don't believe I'm no great person. I don't believe I'm any better than anybody else. But I I thank God that I'm living in the revelation of the light of this age. And I believe that that that the light has shined upon the word of God. And now as a body of believers that we are seeing the vindication of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. How many how many sees that? You do you realize that that's what the world had been waiting on from the time of his crucifixion and he came to the disciples and he appeared and he ascended into glory from that very time for 2,000 years. The world has been waiting on a vindication or a proof of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. That's the great debate surrounding all Christianity as a proof of his resurrection. And that's what the that has happened in this age by the fullness of revelation that the light has came to this age. Brother Bobby, it was a vindication of the resurrection. That's what that's what this revelation brought. And and that's why we can look at this age and we realize that there's been miracles performed in this day that has that that haven't been since the days of Jesus. There's been there's there's been things that took place in this day that that was like they were in the days of Jesus. There was a discernment that took place in this day just like it was in the days of Jesus. He what it was is a vindication of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. So I can say this to sum it up this morning that the revelation of this message has become the light to this age. How many believes that the revelation of this message is the very light to this. There's no light outside of that. It is the very light of the age. I'm just making a a foundation this morning so you know where I stand. But I believe that the revelation of this message is what gives light to the very age that we're living in. And I believe that we're living at the end of the age. How many believe that we're we're living at the end of the age? We're living in the end time. all of the Bible uh prophesies of this age that we're living in. Uh but I thank God that although that we're living in the end time that brother Bobby, but we're not living in darkness. We're we're living in the in the end of the age, but we're not wondering what tomorrow holds and what and what's going to happen to the world and what's going to happen to the earth and the the believers don't have to live like that. We because we're living in the light of the age. So therefore, we know what tomorrow holds. We know what's going to happen and uh we know uh what will happen with the end of the world and we know where we're going to be and we know to whom we came from and to whom we belong and to who holds our tomorrow. So therefore, we're not living in the glooiness of any day, but we're living in the fullness of the revelation of God in in this age. &gt;&gt; So we're living under the light of the evening time. I I think that's powerful. In other words, we're living in the fulfillment of a 2500 year old prophecy. Isn't that wonderful, brother David? You're living in the fulfillment of a prophecy that was wrote 2500 years ago. There ain't no telling how many people read through that. And I wonder what who did that apply to and when's this going to take place? But now we are living in the fulfillment of that very thing. Millions of people have read those very words, but you're not reading it. You're living in it. &gt;&gt; I thank God to be a part of that group of people this morning. You know, we were talking about Adam uh last Sunday of how that God had walked into the garden. And he said when he came in the garden, Adam had first sinned, but God made a way of redemption for him right quick. As soon as he sinned, he made a way of redemption. And I thought, isn't it something that in the day of sin, the way of redemption was made? So, here we're living through this great day, but even in this day that God has provided a way of redemption. And I I wanted just to read this because he said when he he broke his fellowship that he that God slayed an innocent lamb and he made a carpet for Adam to walk back to God on. And he said it was a carpet of redemption. I thought, isn't that the way it is now? That you realize that God has rolled out that carpet for the church at the end of this age. You say, "Well, brother Matt, where is that carpet?" It is the message of the hour. If you want to find the redemption of Jesus Christ that that he paid for, it come through the message of the hour. That that's what God has sent us. I believe he's given us a pathway. He's paved the way to redemption. He paved the way to grace. He paved the way to a true revival. He He paved the way for men to come back into fellowship with God to be able to see the the very vindication of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. He he says, "See, through all of these ages, when Adam and Eve was walking out of the garden, he said the shadows of redemption were before them." In other words, they saw the shadow of something that they couldn't even live in. He said it the in the Mosaic laws in the ceremonies and sacrifices was also a foreshadow of the coming of a perfect sacrifice. It was the perfect plan of God's redemption. So all through the Old Testament here we read about it's a foreshadow of what God is going to do in this age. All the uh every time a father would take a sacrifice and go sacrifice it for his children. It was a foreshadow of this age that we're living in. every e every every every part of the law. He said it was a shadow of redemption that was before them. He said all these laws they foreshadowed the coming of a perfect sacrifice. He said but when they foresaw those things through the through the the the bleeding sacrifice of the animals that they were slaying as a goeteen or a covering he said and in that shadow we're talking about Adam coming out of the garden. He said but in that shadow they foresaw the coming of the Lord Jesus. My isn't that something this morning that brother Mark even in that time that they would see they foreshadowed they saw something that was to come but but but they were looking at one thing but they saw another. They saw they were looking at a lamb that had been slain but they saw something that was to come. They were they were looking at bulls and goats but they saw Jesus Christ in the shadow. I I thought isn't it something that all through this time they had to see that in a shadow? But when it comes to you and I if there ever was an age that Christ was visible it's in this age. No longer are we looking at a shadow. We're not looking at the foreshadow of something to come. No, we're not looking at something to come in the future, but we're living in the present tense light of the word of God. Brother Mark, therefore, it's not a shadow any longer to the believers. I can I can just say that like this this morning. There's never been more truth or more revelation in the Bible in the last 2,000 years than there is right now. We're living under the greatest light. How many believe that? We're we're living under the greatest light that there has ever been. We're living under the greatest revelation that that there has ever been. There's never been more light. There's never been more revelation there. There's never been a people that that that has seen as much as the people that are living in this age. That's the age that we're living in. And because of that, we're not looking at the law. We're not looking at an animal sacrifice. We're not looking at denominations. We're not looking at man-made or manf following religions. But we're looking at one thing and his name is Jesus Christ. We have been given a light in this age to look to one and his name is Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; See, many have built up many things to look to and but you realize that that that we've been given one thing. That light was to shine. It was the the the revelation of this message was to shed light upon Jesus Christ. Isn't that wonderful? It's funny how it ain't funny, but it's odd how people get that all wrong and and they think that it's bringing light on something else, but the reality is the revelation of the message was to shine a light upon Jesus Christ. It it was to bring a revelation of him and and who he is. And he's not a a god of history. He's not a a god of yesterday, but still yet today. He's still the same Jesus. It was to shine light upon Jesus Christ. But see, sometimes in order to see him that we have to be willing to change our perspective to see Christ. See, many look at what you look at, they don't see Christ like you see him. You ever noticed that? You could take a scripture or something to share with somebody and and they they just don't see what you see in it. But you have to be willing to change your perspective. I I remember the a story of a man that came to brother Bosworth's meeting. How many remember brother Bosworth or a member of him? Brother Bosworth was a great man. He was a uh one of brother Brandham's dear friends. He was a colleague and uh even uh when they had the great debate in the Houston Coliseum, it was brother Bosworth that that came there. Remember he was he would stand on his behalf and he was a he was a great ministry. I've always felt a connection with brother Bossworth because I was born on his birthday and he also was a trumpet player. So I you know I always always liked him and and he wrote the book Christ the Healer. had a great has a great ministry and and uh in in his in uh in brother Bosworth's life he was actually a Methodist minister and and uh in Isuza Street he came into Pentecost in Isuza Street. He was one of the founders of the Assembly of God church and just for a few years he he actually was a leader in that until they started preaching that uh the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost and he separated from the Assembly of God movement. But but brother Bosworth was he was so close with with brother Brandon whenever he was dying. He was the one that brother Brandham went all the way down uh remember he said he drove the wheels off his car that night cuz he he heard he was passing away to go be with him. And whenever he got there he asked him he said brother Bosworth he said can I pray for you? And he said no I'm not sick. He said well what's the matter with you? He said I'm about to go home. He said here he was laying on his deathbed. He said I I went to pray for him. He said no. He goes I'm on my way home. But but he actually asked him, he said, "Brother Bosworth, if you can tell me what was the greatest or the the crowning moment in your ministry of all the mission fields that you've been on," he was there with brother Brandham in India and different in Africa and all these different places throughout the meetings. And he said, "In all of the great meetings and the great revival, Brother Bosworth had one meeting in 1924. There were 12,000 people came to the altar in one meeting up in Canada. He had a great ministry." He said, "And in all of those great meetings and things that you've been in," he said, "what was the what's the crowning moment of your ministry or of your life?" And and I love his reply. He said, "The crowning moment of my life is right now." He said, "Because I'm going home to be with my Lord." He said, "I I've spent all of my life preaching about Jesus Christ and trying to show people and introduced him to Jesus Christ." He said, "And I know just in a few moments that same one I've been talking about is going to walk into this room and he's going to take me on home. See, see, in in in Brother Bosworth, it was it was in Brother Bosworth's meetings that this man came to and and I don't know if you ever remember the testimony, but uh you may not have knew his name, but you've heard the testimony, but uh the man's uh name was John Spru or Spruel. And and John Spruel was a World War I veteran. He fought in the 32nd Division in World War I. He was uh went through many uh great uh uh uh uh uh troubles in in in the battle. and and and whenever you hear his testimony, he wasn't a he wasn't a Medal of Honor recipient. He wasn't a a great military man. They didn't write a bunch of books about uh uh John Spruel, but but his story comes from his injury that took place on the battlefield. And and John Spruel became a great evangelist in in the in the United States. And and uh but on the battlefield, he had they had been gassed. He and one of his friends and and the gas had left him without speech and had had they had laid unconscious. and uh it had destroyed a lot of his uh being able to breathe and speech and his lungs and his throat and and uh and so they took him to the hospital. He wound up going through I believe it was like 14 or so uh uh uh different operations that he went through uh uh to be healed, but he was left with no voice. And there's actually an article I found an old article brother Kyle has back there that that talks about uh John Spir's healing. And uh but it was in brother Bosworth's meeting that John Sproul comes to and and uh and he comes and he tells his testimony about being in the meeting. And he said when he went into the meeting he had went through all these operations but the operations left him without any voice. It left him without uh the ability to speak. He could barely breathe let alone uh to be able to speak. But uh he went through he said I followed after the medicine. I followed after the doctor and I believe in doctors. I done everything they said. He said but I also believe that God answers prayer. and uh and he went into brother Bosworth's meeting. He tells this testimony at this meeting that he went into brother Bosworth's service and and and the Lord had came and he healed him in the service. He said, "And his recovery was immediate." Said, "When I left out of there, my speech came back with just a few days. I was able to talk a few days. There was no sign of it." And and he became an evangelist off of his testimony of God being able to heal his body. They actually uh they actually spoke of him as the as that that that military evangelist or the veteran evangelist. Uh but but he had quite a testimony uh of when he was healed and but it was John Spruel. Thank you, brother Kyle. It was John Spruel uh that brother Bham tells the story about and uh that that talks about how that he was in that he he was in France to go back and visit the grave of his friend that had lo that had died in that same battle. And so he had gone he went to visit the grave of his friend. And in this place, he came to the garden or the statue. I know it took me a long way, but I I love the the history of it, but but he came to the garden of the statue of Jesus Christ. He was hanging on the cross. And they told him, they said, "It depicts the it depicts Christ." and and and they there was so many people that told him about this place and and so John Spurl was the man that went to that place and he was looking at the the cross and Jesus hanging on the cross and and he told the the curator of the of the place he said you know he said this is supposed to be uh something that would display Christ and all these people's been talking about it and it's supposed to show his suffering and show his agony and and all this he said but it just looks like a statue to me he said I was being very critical about it he said but whenever the man came by he said well sir the reason you don't see in it what all those other people saw in it is because you're not looking at it like they were looking at it. He said, "Well, how can I look at it differently?" He said, "Well, the way this was designed," he said, "you see, there's an altar over here at the foot of that cross." He said, "And it's made for a man to kneel down at that altar and then look up at the cross of Calvary." He said, "And so I went and I knelt down at the altar." He said, "And when I knelt down at the altar, my whole perspective changed." She said, "So, because when I looked at it from that point of view," he said, "I saw the agony and I saw the nail uh uh scars in his hands and I saw the place in his side where they the Roman soldiers had pierced his side." But said, "See, it matters the way you look at it." See, he see if you look at the word today like it was a Jesus back there that a Christ that lived thousand years ago. He's not today. He's not the or he's not the same today or not the same yesterday, today, and forever. If you look at it like that, that's all you will ever see in it. He said, "But it's not to be looked at as a god of history. This Bible isn't to be looked at as a book of history." He said, "But it's made that you would get down and look up at it and believe it." I believe that this morning. I believe that when you want to look to find Christ, it's not to be looked at from a from a high place. But Brother Bam said, "If you really want to see Christ, you think if you want to look at him, then brother Mar, you have to get down and look up and believe it. you you can't see him from a high place. You can't see him from a theological standpoint. You can't see him from an educational standpoint. He said, "But if you really want to see Christ, you have to get down and look up and believe. You ain't You ain't going to be able to teach it into somebody. You're not going to be able to train it into somebody. You're not going to be able to make them see Jesus Christ. But if you really want to see Christ, you have to get down, look up, and believe it." &gt;&gt; He said, "That's the way we have to do. He said, "The days of miracles, we can always believe the days of miracles are passed. I don't know if that's really right or not." Here, we're supposed to be living in these days. I don't know if that's really right or not. He said, "But God didn't write his word for that reason. He wrote his word that you would get down on your knees and you would look up through the promise of God, through the blood of the Lord Jesus." He said, "And it'll look different to you whenever you look at it in that way." All of a sudden it takes on a different image when you come in the right perspective and you look at it. He says see it isn't to be criticized and say these things won't be said but this Bible that said that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. And brother Bram said when he was the same yesterday today and forever he was the same in principle and he was the same in power. So this is the same Jesus that he was. So whatever he was then in principle that's what he is today. and whatever he was then in power see most want to take the power and say well he's the same God of power and he's the same healer he's the same supernatural Jesus that he was he said but he was also the same in principle so the very thing that he stood for then he stands for today he's the same Jesus &gt;&gt; as he was back then in principle and power he said but on your knees and when you look up that way then it'll look different to you then &gt;&gt; I think that's a good lesson this morning &gt;&gt; that when we come to the right way to look at Christ that we'll see him. I I believe that's the way it ought to be with the whole Bible. Brother Mark, whenever we come to church, we ought to look to see Christ. How many believe that? I believe when we come to the house of God, we ought to look to see Christ. When we when we come to the house of God, we ought to look to see the hand of God. When we when we come in the house of God, we ought to look to hear the voice of God. We ought to approach God in that way, to prepare to see a living God. We're not preparing to learn some history. We want to prepare our hearts to see a living God. When you look at the word of God, we prepare to see a living God. When you when you read the Bible, I want to see Jesus Christ. But Abraham said Jesus Christ is the principal theme of the entire Bible. And if you read the Bible and you don't see Christ in every verse of it, then you go back and read it again because you miss something. For the Bible is Christ and he is the word. Isn't that powerful that everywhere you look, you can see God. Everywhere you look in the Bible, he said you'll see Jesus Christ. That means from the time of Genesis the first chapter when the Bible said in the beginning God created the heaven and the earth there was Jesus Christ all the way down to the the revelations the 22nd chapter and the 21st verse when the Bible said amen. It was God. It was Jesus. He was the amen of God. From the first verse to the last verse everywhere you look you ought to see Jesus Christ. He said when we look we must see Christ. Friends let me tell you about this morning. That's why many people struggle with being a believer. And they struggle because they haven't got to a place in order to look at it in a way that they can be a believer. They they don't see Christ because they're looking from a denominational standpoint. They can look at this same message. I may as well preach it anyway. But but you can look at this message out of somebody else's point of view and you may not see Christ. You can look at it out of some creed and you might not see Christ. You can look at it out of some man-made theology and you may not see Christ. But if you could ever get to the altar of the Lord and look up at the message that God has sent in this age, you will see Jesus Christ. I can't help to see nothing but Christ. Everywhere I look in it, brother Mah, I see Christ. Let Let me tell you, friend, when you look at the message, you I don't see a man. I see Jesus Christ. I can see past the flesh or the veil of flesh that God has placed upon this earth and see what Jesus Christ has done in this age. &gt;&gt; I think many has missed the purpose of the message. Can I just say it like this? Can I just say this? The purpose of the message is not to say that there is a message. Hello. &gt;&gt; The purpose of a message wasn't to say there is a message. The purpose of the message was to say that there is a God. &gt;&gt; It was to say that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. The purpose of it, it wasn't to say there is one. It's to say there is a God. &gt;&gt; So as preachers, as ministers, say as ministers, we ought to preach the message. I believe that. Can you imagine if I was to give Connor a message and I wrote it down and I gave it to him. I said, "Conor, here's here's the the message from Brother Matt." Now, you you go spread that everywhere. And can you imagine if Brother Connor got up this is free this morning, but can you imagine if he went around to all of his friends and says, "Oh, buddy, if you only heard the message of Brother Matt, you wouldn't believe. Boy, this is Brother Matt has got a message." And my, it's the greatest man. It's so powerful. Oh, brother Matt, he wrote it down on paper and brother Matt gave it to me to to give to y'all. And oh my, if you just see what Brother Matt wrote. Oh, brother Matt. I mean, but what good would it do anybody? Nobody will rejoice. And Connor's telling them about Brother Matt's message and tell But what what good would it do them? But the difference is if Brother Connor would go and he would say, "I got a message from Brother Matt." He said that all of the kids get two suckers today after church instead of one. I I just cost myself $50. But the difference is is that the that telling about there's a difference in telling about a message and telling the message. There's a difference between between talking about something that God is doing and actually actually telling what God has done. See see so the purpose of the message wasn't to say that there is a message. The purpose of the message is to say it was to display Christ. It was that people could see Christ living in embodied in humanity again in this very age. I I think as ministers that's why we ought to preach the message. I I'm not here to preach about a message. I I think the day is long gone to preach about a message, but I I believe that we ought to preach the message. I believe we ought to not live we ought to live the message as disciples as believers. We ought to testify of the message of the hour. The lives that we live ought to testify of the very message of Jesus Christ that has came in this hour. &gt;&gt; We're not talking about a message, but we're living a message. We're preaching a message. We're But we're testifying about it. Isn't that what happened with the woman at the well? remember whenever she came and she she she witnessed or experienced this relationship with Jesus and whenever she went back into the town, the Bible said she went in there saying, "Come and see a man that has told me all that I've ever done." &gt;&gt; And you know what the Bible said that whenever she told them that that many of them believed on him because of her testimony, &gt;&gt; but after a little while when that she led them to him and they met him outside of the camp and they went and they met him, they came back. The Bible says when they came back that many more believed because of his own what? Of his own word. &gt;&gt; And they came back to her. In other words, her just telling them about it wasn't enough. &gt;&gt; But when they came back, they believed the more because they heard his own words. So he says, see, so and then they said to the woman, "Now we believe not because of your saying, but we believe because we have heard him ourself and we know that this is indeed the Christ, the savior of the world." You know what that tells me? That those people in that day had to get past the flesh of a man called Jesus Christ. And they had to hear the word that he was preaching. And they saw past the flesh and they heard his own word. And because of his word, they said, or can I just say it like this? They looked into the ministry that he was preaching. And because of his ministry, they saw his word and they saw Christ in his ministry. And because of his word, then they said, "Now we believe on him." said they got a revelation because they had seen Christ. They they had seen the Messiah. He wasn't known as a Christ. His name was Jesus. The Christ was the anointing that was upon him. That that's why we know him today as Jesus Christ. That's but whenever people met him, he didn't he wasn't walking around saying, "I'm Christ." That wasn't his last name. The Christ was the anointing up on him. That's who he was. That was that was his identification in the scripture. He was Christ the anointed one. So he said, "But now they believed he was Christ. They believe he was indeed that the anointed one because of his ministry because of his word. They recognize the anointing of Christ on the man Jesus. &gt;&gt; You realize why we're we we can see past the flesh. If they had to do that than that day, then how much more do we have to do that today? See, so so we we look past the flesh, brother Mark, for one purpose is because we want to see Christ. See, that's why when I look at this, I I see Jesus Christ. When I look at the Bible, every verse I see Christ. How many can say that this morning? Every verse of scripture, it don't matter what you read about, you can find Jesus in it because that's what it's about. You realize that all kinds of religions have part of our Bible. They they have the books of Moses. Even in Judaism, even many Muslims, they'll still read the same books of Moses and different things. A lot of the Bible that we have, they still have. But what they don't see in it is Jesus Christ. Because but but when we read it as believers, we can go right back in the same story and say, "But but where you missed it is that was talking about Jesus." And and why you why you didn't never go further is because that was actually talking about Jesus. And why you're still living under that law is because that was talking about Jesus. &gt;&gt; So see, every time I look at the Bible, I see Jesus Christ. But let me tell you this, friends. When I look at the message, I see the same thing because I'm looking for Christ to be manifested in this age. It was prophesied in Zechariah 14 that it would happen in this time. So I'm looking for that. That's what we're looking for as believers. And because we're looking for that, then that is what we see. That means when we look at the message, brother Mar, I see Christ manifested in human flesh again. I see Hebrews 13:8. I see the same pillar of fire. I'm not looking at something else. I'm not looking at something that was different than the Bible. It is Jesus Christ. It is the book of Acts continued in this age that we live in. I see the same pillar of fire that was on the road to Damascus that came down to Paul. I see the same one that spoke to Moses that said, "Take off your shoes cuz you're standing on holy ground." I see the same covenant that God gave to Abraham, present again among the church. I see the ministry of Eleazar that went down to call a bride for Isaac. I I I I see the same spirit that was upon Elijah when he went up to those prophets of Baal and he said, "Let the God that answerth by fire, let him be the God. &gt;&gt; Let him be the one that we serve." &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, the spirit of Elijah didn't just remain with Elijah. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. It didn't just remain with Elijah for the Bible says that that mantel fell back upon Elisha. You said, "Well, how do you know that that that that same power was still with Elisha?" Because when he walked down to the water to the River Jordan and he laid the mantel upon the water, he said, "Where is the Lord God of Elijah?" It wasn't that he had lost God, but he was he was making a statement to manifest the very act that was about to be done was the same God that was in Elijah. And that was the same God that was present in Elisha. And friends, I'll say this. It's the same God today. That's why you can't tell believers that the spirit of God don't remain with man. I know that's what the devil tries to do. Well, the spirit of God ain't here no more and he don't remain with man. He was just with the disciples and all that, but we're believers this morning. And there ain't nobody going to tell sister Debbie that the spirit of God don't remain with man. There there ain't nobody going to tell brother Juan that the spirit of God don't remain with man. There ain't nobody going to tell brother David that the spirit of God doesn't remain with man. We're too much believers. You can't tell us that stuff. We We're believers. Jesus said, "I'll go away, but I'll send a comforter to you." The spirit of God remains with man. He said, "The works that I do shall you do also." The spirit of God remains with man. When you receive the Holy Ghost, you will be endued with power from on high. &gt;&gt; The spirit of God remains with man. I say this, the works of Jesus Christ are still being done today. &gt;&gt; They're still being done today. &gt;&gt; Say, "Well, I haven't seen it." Well, maybe you're just looking from the wrong place. &gt;&gt; Still being done today. And it's meant for you to see him. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; That's been God's purpose all along is to see Christ. &gt;&gt; That's why Paul would say, therefore, he said God exalted him to the highest place. Gave him a name above all names that the name at the name of Jesus that every knee would bow. Everywhere we look, we see Christ. &gt;&gt; He's exalted him. &gt;&gt; Isn't that what took place on Mount Transfiguration? Remember with Bobby and Peter and James and John, they went with Jesus to the mountain. The Bible says, "But while they were there, all of a sudden, he was lifted up." &gt;&gt; You see what God was doing? He said he was lifted up. His face shone as the sun. His way arignment was white like snow. And here whenever they looked on him, then came Moses and Elijah. You remember what Peter done whenever he saw it? He got something stirred up in his heart and you know he said you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna build three tabernacles right here on this mountain. I'm gonna build one for Moses, one for Elijah and one for Jesus. But remember said what it's just like man. He saw the supernatural one to make a denomination separate everybody. Said isn't that the way? Isn't that the way that men think? He said he was trying to do a good thing but it turned out it wouldn't have been a good thing but I'm going to build a tabernacle for Moses and a tabernacle for Elijah. Said but he couldn't have done that. But here while he thought on these things or he began to speak about it and and I'm going to build this and I I'm going to make a church on this holy mountain and my it was the place where Jesus had came and Moses and Elijah can you imagine what a place can you imagine if that was you in that place no doubt we might have thought the same thing said but he was but he was thinking about that I'm going to build a tabernacle on this holy mountain well some the reality is the the mountain wasn't holy anyway brother Bobby there was nothing holy about the mountain you can go to that same mountain today it's not a holy mountain the only thing that made it holy was the presence of God on the mountain. &gt;&gt; And because he was there and he was going, he said, "I'm going to make a tabernacle for Moses, a tabernacle for Elijah, and a tabernacle for Jesus." But then while he would say that, all of a sudden, they heard a voice out of heaven. And he said, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. Hear ye him." So listen what he was trying. Listen what God corrected the error to keep them from doing what many still try to do today. said they were going to build a tabernacle for Moses, a tabernacle for Elijah, and a tabernacle for Jesus. Said, but see, but but when the God came, he corrected it. The voice spoke, he corrected it. He said, "In him I am well pleased. Hear ye him." In other words, there ain't no room for any other tabernacle. There's no room for a tabernacle for Moses. There's no room for a tabernacle for for Elijah. And I love, Brother B said, I am so glad that he said that. He said here when they were thinking about it, I'm going to build a tabernacle for Moses. It sounded like a good idea, but God spoke. He said, but in here's my beloved son. In him I am well pleased. Hear ye him. And brother said, I'm so glad he said it, he said, the reason I'm glad, he said, cuz how would you try like to try and keep the law? How would you like to be a part of the tabernacle of Moses and had to live your whole life trying to keep the law? He said, cuz no man is justified by the law. No flesh can be saved by the law. The law had no salvation. The law is not a tabernacle of praise. In other words, there ain't no rejoicing around the law. It ain't a tabernacle of praise. Brother said the law was a prison house. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; The law was a prison house. He said, "And the law come and told you you was a sinner and it put you in jail, but it just didn't have the power to bring you out." He said, "And I don't want to be a prisoner." He said, "And that's what the law does. It shuts you up. It condemns you. Thou shalt not. If you do, you're in prison. There ain't no way of getting out. He said, I wouldn't want the law, but Peter wanted to build a denomination and call it the law worshippers. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; What good would it have done? &gt;&gt; He said he wanted to build a a tabernacle of Moses called the law worshippers. And then the other one, you say, well, what about the one of Elijah? You know what Elijah was? Elijah was God's hand of justice in the time that Elijah lived. He said, see, Elijah represented God's justice. He said, in other words, he was a stern line of God's justice. He was the one that brought justice to Ahab and Jezebel. Remember when the 50 soldiers came to kill Elijah and he brought fire down to kill him. And then they came they when they came again he raised up said he raised up under the power of justice and brought fire down and consumed them men and killed them. He said so see that ain't what we want at all. Said we don't want justice. I mean how many walk around and say Lord I want I mean I I've heard people like that but the reality is it's not really true. Any of us could say, "Well, I want God to be just, and I want I want the justice of God on my No, no, you don't. You don't want the justice of God. What we really want is the mercy of God." He said, "See, he tried to build a house of law. He tried to build a house of justice." He said, "But he he said, but really, I don't want justice." He said, Elijah was a stern line of God's justice. He said, "We don't want that. I don't want justice. I just want mercy. We want the mercy of God." He said, "That's all we want. We want the mercy. It's always mercy." And the voice from heaven come, he said, "Let the denomination go." He said, "What did he say? This is my beloved son. Hear ye him." He said, "What did Christ represent?" He said, "He represented God's love." He said, "And that's what I want. I don't want justice. I don't want judgment. I don't want the law. I want God's love and mercy on me." How many can say amen to that? I'm not after the judgment of God. I'm not after the justice of God. I'm not after the law of God. And I certainly ain't going to hold that over people. But what we really want is the love of God and the mercy of God to be shined upon our life that would bring us out of the the darkness of condemnation into the light of God's revealed word. &gt;&gt; That's what we really want. The mercy of God. You see, that was God's real desire. What God really wanted to do, he couldn't do it with Moses. He couldn't do it with Elijah, but he could only do it with Jesus Christ. Isn't that powerful? Said he was trying to build all these churches, but really there ain't but one that we're really after. is Jesus Christ. He said, "God wanted to bless his children and God can't Can I just read this? I may as well. We're here." But God can't bless his children under a law. &gt;&gt; See, God wanted to bless his children, but God can't bless his children under justice. &gt;&gt; Said, "But the only way that God can bless his children is under the love of his son, Jesus Christ." &gt;&gt; Said, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. Hear ye him." Paul said, "It pleased the Father that in Christ that all the fullness would dwell." It pleased the Father, having made peace through the blood of the cross. It pleased the Father that by him to reconcile all things to himself, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven. Can I say this this morning? In other words, it pleases God to preach the message of Jesus Christ. This great message that God has sent in this hour, which was the message of Jesus Christ in the age that we're living in. What a revelation. What a what a light, brother David Paul. the very thing that would take you right into God's grace. And God has sent it in this age and it pleases God to preach the message of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Satan has always tried to destroy it. You You realize he's always He's always tried to destroy the purpose of God. &gt;&gt; That's always been the enemy to destroy his purpose. But do you realize that no matter how hard he tries, God is still going to have a people. &gt;&gt; He's still going to have a bride. They're still going to be believers. It don't matter how much you've gone through to get to where you are this morning or what brought you here this morning. But he's still going to have a a bride. There's still overcomers in Leodysa. There's still going to be a believers. There's still going to be a rapture. There's still saints that are going to that are going to rapture all this earth and one morning between 6 and 9, they're going to get up out of this old flesh to this pest house of the flesh and they're going to put their feet and and step up a little bit higher. It's still coming. No matter how bad the Satan don't want it to happen, it's still happening. It's God's word &gt;&gt; and he sent a reminder. He sent a the message this message of Jesus Christ was sent in this age for that very that therefore we're not ashamed to say I'm a message believer. I'm not ashamed to say I believe the message of the hour. Brother Mark because I recognize what the message was. It was the reality of Jesus Christ living in this age that I'm living in. It's the very thing that brought me out of the world and gave me a path to walk back into the redemption of God. Therefore, I can say it. I'm happy to be a message believer. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many believers do we have here this morning? &gt;&gt; What a wonderful message we have. So, there's only one message. It was the message of Jesus Christ. Paul said, "No man can build on any other foundation, no more than what's already been laid, and that is Christ Jesus." But Abraham preached his whole message. He said, "And I preached what Paul preached." &gt;&gt; See, it was Christ Jesus. Paul said, "I am persuaded that neither death nor life could set angels or principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, or depth, or any other creature should be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Now, isn't that powerful to think about this morning? You know, you can be separated. Men was separated from God. There was a great chasm that separated man from God. It wasn't that they couldn't be separated from God, but Paul said, "I'm persuaded that they couldn't be separated from the love of God." &gt;&gt; There may have been times in our life when you were disconnected from God. There's times in our our life that God he wasn't speaking to you. He wasn't it wasn't God dealing with you. It was you you you get so wrapped in the world and and maybe you was running another way. There was a time of our life we were separated from God. But isn't that something to think? But I was never separated from his love. He said that's the real message of Jesus Christ is the love and the mercy of God. So see we were never separated to that but even even in our even in our sin. The Bible said even in our sin and even in our trespasses that he still loved us. &gt;&gt; I think it's wonderful. &gt;&gt; Think what a message that we have. But said then what should we be this morning? He said we are the children of his promise. We being dead in Christ, we are Abraham's seeds and we're hes with him with the promise that no matter how much sickness comes, how kind of a death that we die. How much poverty we go through, God's purpose cannot be defeated. He will raise us up again. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He said he will raise us up again. Because I live, you shall live also. He said, and that is our hope. &gt;&gt; Brother Mark, we're not living wandering, but there's been a light that has shown in our hearts. the purpose of God will come to pass in our life. You know, I I I'll finish with this story this morning. But you remember the story of Ruth and how that there was a part of the life of Ruth that she didn't even know that she was a part of God's purpose. &gt;&gt; You ever think of that? She didn't even know she was just going through life and living life and and and doing all the what whatever come her way. She didn't even know she was a part of God's purpose. But but the the the the the Bible would tell us that she came to Bethlehem here at the beginning of the barley harvest. She was she was searching for a field to glean in and how how that remember you remember the story how she happened upon the field of Boaz and and you know and how you know maybe she would question that when she went there so so insecure about what had brought her to this particular field and all the questions that was in her heart and am I in the right place and am I am I following God's plan and am I gleaning in the right field? Is God is it God that that really brought me here and all these questions were in her heart until Boaz came into the picture? &gt;&gt; I think this is so powerful to think that here the questions that would be because she was a human being and because she had left her home and she had had went to another place and she had gone into another field and she was searching for something, searching uh for fulfillment in her life and searching for a purpose and and wanting uh God to be able to lead her and here that she had made a commitment. Remember, she told Naomi, "Your God will be my God. Your people will be my people. I'm going to serve God with you. I'm going to put a shoulder to the wheel. I I'll die. You can I'll die with you guys. I I'm going to serve God. I'm going to be there the whole time. Your God's going to be my God." Said, but she still would have a question in her heart until Boaz came in the picture. And when Boaz came in the picture, notice what Boaz done. He took the question out of the heart of Ruth. That's what we're waiting on all the time. We're waiting for the Boaz to come in the picture and to say that's the right thing and and you're in the right field and you're where I I called you to be and this is where I wanted you to be this morning and this is your purpose in your life. We're waiting on Boaz to come in the picture &gt;&gt; to vindicate that we are in the right place. So this is what she was waiting on the whole time she would she would wait. But when Boaz came in the picture, no longer would she wonder, you know, cuz I could just see her maybe maybe I can stay here, Brother Ela. Maybe, you know, maybe they'll let me stay. I don't know. Maybe somebody will come here in a few minutes and kick me out of this field. I might not be able to stay. I might not even belong. I might not be able to survive. I might not be able to to get enough uh uh barley to be able to uh to make anything to eat. I I don't know. There's so many unknowns. &gt;&gt; But when Boaz came in the picture, you realize that he changed the whole attitude of Ruth because Ruth wasn't looking to thrive in the field of Boaz. She was just looking to survive. When she came there, she was looking for survival. She was running for her life. She was she was hungry. She was starving for food. She was she was she was searching for something. &gt;&gt; But God had a different purpose for her. &gt;&gt; He wasn't just letting her come there to survive. He brought her there to thrive. &gt;&gt; And whenever she came there and she went to glean in she took a little bite a little bit, a little You notice the Bible say, "Oh, glory." That she'd ever seen Boaz. It was Boaz that saw her. But here she was gleaning in the field. And the Bible said, "But when Boaz came, he went straight to the leader of the field. He said, "Who is this woman? Who that this damsel that's over in the field? Who is she? what is her purpose here? And they got to telling telling Boaz about where she came from and who she belonged to and what her family lineage was. And Boaz said, "Don't y'all don't you let no man touch her. You keep her out of harm's way. You give her plenty of food. Anything she asked for, you give it to her." Then he went to to Ruth and he said, "I want you to know I've told the men to leave you alone. I I told them to make sure they give you plenty of food and if you get thirsty, you just go to the water barrel and get all you want to drink. And if you're hungry, you come to the master's table and you get all you want to eat. &gt;&gt; Boaz saw Ruth differently than Ruth saw Ruth. &gt;&gt; She saw herself as a gleaner. She saw herself as one that was trying to survive. But when Boaz saw her among all of the gleaners that when Boaz saw her, he called her unto himself and brought her to be his own bride. &gt;&gt; Have all the food. Think about it. He called her from among the gleaners. I'm here. He came in. He said, I'm here to pay the price. I'll give you what you I'll give you what you're really worth. You're you're you're more than a gleaner. &gt;&gt; You realize there's a whole field, a whole world of gleaners. &gt;&gt; So, but but but he called Ruth out of a field of gleaners &gt;&gt; and made her his own. &gt;&gt; He He repositioned her in this field &gt;&gt; as the bride of Boaz. I thought my here no wonder whenever she looked at Boaz she would say but why have I found grace in thy sight because she didn't feel like that she was worthy of being the the wife of a Boaz or worthy uh of being elevated among among the gleaners. She just was trying to be a gleaner. She was just trying to survive. But why have I found grace in thy sight? Can I say this this morning? &gt;&gt; She found more grace than she was looking for. She was looking for him to let her alone and just let her glean. But she found more grace than she was looking for. &gt;&gt; See, because she was a part of God's greater purpose here. She was she just said, "I want somebody that'll let me glean. I I want enough to eat just to get by." But but but Boaz, when Boaz saw her, he said, "I want her to own the field. I want her to I want her to have all that she wants. I I want her to possess this field. I want to give it to her." &gt;&gt; It was love at first sight. Friends, let me tell you this this morning. I don't even believe that grace found Ruth in the field of Boaz. I believe because she said, "Why have I found I don't believe that grace found her in the field of Boaz." I believe it was grace that found her in the land of Moab. &gt;&gt; And it was grace that called her caused her whenever Naomi said, "I'm going to Bethlehem." It was grace that said, "Okay, I'm going to follow you. Why are you going after me, Ruth?" It was the grace of God in her life that caused her to follow Naomi into the land of Bethlehem. It was grace that caused her to say, "Your people are going to meet my people." It was grace that caused her to say, "Your God is going to meet my God. I haven't even met this God, but I already love him. I already want to serve him. I want to give my all to him. I want him to be my God." &gt;&gt; She had never met him. But something in her, you say, "What was it?" It was the grace of God, &gt;&gt; the purpose of God in her life. Brother Mark, it encouraged her to follow Naomi and leave her past behind and go into this field for to fulfill the very purpose of God. And let me tell you friends, whenever she came there, wherever you go, I'll go, she went right into the field. And when she came there to Bethlehem, you realize that Bethlehem was known as the house of God's bread. &gt;&gt; And and you know, I think this is so powerful. And I'm and I'm closing. I think this is so powerful here. It was the house of God's bread. But do you realize that the the field that she came not only into Bethlehem, but she just happened to come into the field of the redeemer, the Lord of the harvest. So she came into the redeemer's field, the one that had the right to redeemer, the one what what a what a happen stance they say. What a what a chance that she just wandered into this particular field. What a what a happening meeting that she she came to this place. But see, she came to the field of the redeemer, which was Boaz. He had the the right as a redeemer to be able to purchase all all the debts and to be able to redeem her. But did you know that that here when she came to this field that Boaz's father, how many knows Boaz's father? He was Salmon. And Salmon was actually the founder of the city of Bethlehem. So not only was she in the field of the redeemer, but the father of the redeemer is the one that founded the whole place. So here the place that she goes to find her found herself in brother Wesley here was Bethlehem. The father had created this place. He had found it. He's the one that had made it. But then he had given the power to his son to possess the field and to and and the ability to be able to redeem. I thought my here she came to the house of Bethlehem into the field of the redeemer. The father had possessed it. He had given it to his son and now his son had the right to be able to redeem her and to and to establish her. I thought, isn't that the way it was? The creator of the house of bread is what gave his son the ability to redeem. He gave him the field. All that all all the ownership of the field was given to the son. &gt;&gt; Oh, let me tell you friends, that means if you're wandering around hopeless, you might feel like it, but you're not hopeless. It may seem like you you don't know where you're going or where you're going to end up or why. You may feel like it, but but it ain't hopeless. You may feel like I found this message by accident, but it was no accident that you came into this field. say, "Well, why did I come in the field?" Because God directed your path into this particular field. &gt;&gt; And no matter what condition that you were in, no matter what where you've ever been, do you realize you say, "But brother man, where is this field out?" Can I just be plain? If you belong to God, you'll never get away from God. It don't matter where you go, you can't run far enough to get away from God. You can glean in Arkansas. You can glean in Tennessee. You can glean in Europe. You can glean in Asia. It don't matter where you are. For my Bible said, the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, the world and they that dwell therein. For he hath founded it upon the seas and established it upon the floods. That means the very ground that we walk on, it was created by the father in heaven. It was created by God. He possessor. He was the possessor of heaven and earth. So it don't matter if you're here or if you're sitting at home or if you're driving down the road or if you're at work or if you're at school, you're inhabiting a land that belongs to God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It was created by God. But listen about God's field. But in the field that was created by the father, we've been redeemed by the son, Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; For Paul said, "Neither by the blood of goats and calavs, but by his own blood, he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained an eternal redemption for us." Hallelujah. For it was if the blood of bulls and goats and ashes of a hepher and sprinkling of the unclean sanctifith the puring of the flesh, then how much more shall the blood of Christ who through the eternal spirit offered himself without spot to God? How much more can he purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God? &gt;&gt; I read that and I think I wonder how long did Ruth live in the house of Boaz &gt;&gt; before the memories of Moab begin to fade. Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; Before the the torment and things and the things that she had gone through in her life, let me tell you, it's a reality. I've been serving the Lord for many years. But still yet, I had a I had a past life, too. But how long as believers are you serving God and all of a sudden the past becomes a something so far away you don't it's a different person. It don't you're not even connected to it anymore. I my son's going to uh going to school and and you know I went up there and I opened the I I took him up there or went with the the day they meet all the parents and stuff and and when I went up there for for this time I opened the door there was a guy that walked out and I opened the door and I said here you go sir and I let him out and he said why are you calling me sir and you know all gruff and I said well I'm sorry sir I didn't I didn't I didn't mean nothing by it I was just trying to he said I graduated with you we're old pals how you don't even know who I am I I don't to this day I don't know who he was I didn't ask because I was embarrassed to say that. But, you know, I thought, isn't it maybe I just have a bad memory? &gt;&gt; Or maybe some things in your past that God just allows us to forget. &gt;&gt; Maybe there's some things that, you know, I don't know about y'all, but there were some things in my past I thank God I can't remember. &gt;&gt; You know, there, you know, some things I wouldn't say. Statute of limitations may not have went out on them yet. I used to be a teenager, too. I collected road signs. I know what it's like to be a be a teenager. But but I thank God that he can bring us to a place that our past is not even remembered no more. Do &gt;&gt; you believe that God I believe God can take you so far into the grace of Jesus Christ that all those things that haunt you and all that condemnation and the things that keep you attached to your past that every bit of it &gt;&gt; can go away. &gt;&gt; I believe we can get that deep in the blood &gt;&gt; of Jesus Christ. as our music players come. He said, "For this cause, he is the mediator of the New Testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of his eternal inheritance for the cause." He is the mediator of the New Testament. Isn't it powerful? for the redemption of our transgressions, that we're under the first testament, but we've been called in this hour that we might receive the promise of his eternal eternal inheritance. I say, as Ruth said this morning, why have I found grace in thy sight? &gt;&gt; Isn't that the way it makes you feel? How &gt;&gt; would somebody like me find grace like that? &gt;&gt; Lord, why have I found grace in thy sight? realize it wasn't something that you did. It's not by your merit, but it was him. But remember said Jesus was the light of the world and when he was here and he's the light of the world tonight. There's no other light that can ever lead us out of the shadows of death but the blessed Lord Jesus. I believe that this morning we've been called out of the shadows &gt;&gt; and into the light. He sent a wonderful powerful redeeming message. You know what the purpose of the message was? It was redemption. &gt;&gt; The very purpose &gt;&gt; he sent that for to call us into a relationship with God again. Won't you stand to your feet of the family of God? [Music] Born of his spirit, washed in his blood, [Music] joines with Jesus as we travel abroad. I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. Washed in the fountain. cleans by his blood. Join us with Jesus as we travel abroad. For I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. Won't you just lift your hands this morning? Oh, I'm so glad that I'm a part. If you can speak that from your heart. Lord, why have I found grace in thy sight? Well, I was washed in the fountain. I've been cleansed by his blood, joined with Jesus as we travel abroad. I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name, Lord. I give you honor. I give you praise. For you are the life, [Music] the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your strength. Yes, my Lord, I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. Yes, my Lord. I bless your name, [Music] Lord. I give you honor. Yes, I give you praise. For you are the life. You're the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. [Music] I praise I give you honor. &gt;&gt; How many can bless the name of the Lord? &gt;&gt; I give &gt;&gt; Lord I just come to praise you Lord. I wonder how I found such grace Lord. I don't feel worthy of it. Lord, I just want to come and worship the truth. &gt;&gt; God, to tell you how I love you, Lord, because you first &gt;&gt; I bless your name, &gt;&gt; friend. Let me tell you, the law may not have been a tabernacle of praise, but the grace of Jesus Christ certainly is. It gives us a place to worship God. It has given us a real praise. If you should find that you're in the prison in your life, but reach out and pray. [Music] and defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. Amen. How many can defy the chains this morning? I said I bless your name. Yes, my Lord. I bless your name, Lord. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. How many How many feels like that this morning? &gt;&gt; Lord, why have I found grace in thy side? Amen. I believe that God has given us a pathway to redemption. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not living lost in darkness, but there's such a revival. Why is there a revival in our heart? It's because of the light of the message. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we recognize what it is. And we can live it because we recognize who it is. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love the Lord this morning. You may you may go through many trials. You may had many hardships. And I don't know everybody's life. I don't know what you went through this week, last week, and job troubles. And you know, I think sometimes we get to a place we think it's going to be easy from now on. Finally got settled. And it's right then when everything falls apart. I thought I was supposed to retire and not have to do nothing. But here we are starting all over again. But God knows all things. Said, "So I don't believe there's anything that we go through that God don't have his hand in." Amen. &gt;&gt; He leads his children. How many feels like that God has a purpose for your life? Won't you raise your hand? If you don't feel like it, just go ahead and raise your hand and testify of it anyway &gt;&gt; because the devil's trying to keep you from feeling that way. But the real reality is is you really do. &gt;&gt; God has a purpose for every one of us. There's no we're no big ones and little ones. We all mean something to God. All around this world, God called children, believers, sons and daughters of God all over the world. That we all belong to God. And we all mean as much to God as the next one. Ministers, churches, preachers, people, lovely people. I thank God for every one of them. What a group. Wow. Isn't it Isn't it something to look across this world and think of the brothers and ministers that you know what a group to be a part of. &gt;&gt; The believers what a what a privilege it is. I say thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; I may be the least among them but Lord I thank you for all my brothers. I thank you for churches that just stand for the word of God. Lord I pray you would encourage them this morning. Lord I pray there'd be a revival in every assembly. I pray that the that the spirit of God would move throughout the land and it would put a revival in the heart of every believer. Lord, remind her who she is &gt;&gt; and where she come from and where she's going. &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe that tonight. [Music] &gt;&gt; So many times I've questioned &gt;&gt; certain circumstances, things I could not understand. Many times of trials, weakness &gt;&gt; and life's frustration get so out of hand. &gt;&gt; But it's I am reminded that I've never been forsaken and I' never had to stand one. When I look at all the victory, the spirit rises up in me. Yes. Through the fire, my weakness is made strong. For I know he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. He never offered victory without fighting. He said help would come in time. So remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. [Music] Oh, I know that he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the heel would not be hard to climb. He never offered a victory without fighting. He said, "Help would come in time." So remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire. a minute. Can you not say that this morning? I know so many times I've questioned &gt;&gt; certain circumstances. &gt;&gt; How many can look across their life and ask that same thing? &gt;&gt; So many things that we don't have the answer to. &gt;&gt; Lord, why did I have to go through that in that way? Lord, what why did I have to suffer that pain and agony? &gt;&gt; But there's a purpose for all of us. &gt;&gt; It's God that's leading us. But then I am reminded for and I never had one test. And I look back at the victory. There's a spirit rises up. It's through the fire. Weakness is made strong. For I know he promised that the cross will not give me heavy. He will not be hard to climb. [Music] [Applause] He never offered victory without fighting. He said help in time. So remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in just hold on [Music] take you through the fire &gt;&gt; one more time. Go ahead sing the chorus. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to love. &gt;&gt; He never offered victories without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. Remember to understand this is the valley of decision and the adversary says just hold on. Our Lord will show up. &gt;&gt; He will take you through the fire again. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, just can you lift up your hands for a moment? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Through our darkest times, our darkest hours. [Music] Thank God it wasn't me holding him. It was him holding me. Hallelujah. [Music] for my soul. Thank you Lord for making me. Thank you Lord for me to be a great salation so rich and free. Thank you Lord for saving my soul. Thank you Lord for making me whole you for keeping to me One more time [Music] for saving. Oh, saving my soul. Oh, thank you Lord for making me whole. Thank you, Lord. Give it to me. The great salvation so rich and free. Oh, let's just bow our hearts, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord, for this time, this side of a glory that you've given us, Lord, to come and worship you this morning, Lord. We're so thankful for you being mindful of us that you'd place these things on our pastor's heart, Lord, to deliver to our souls, Lord God. Our heart did burn this morning, Lord. We thank you for your grace and mercy, Lord. We thank you for your your blanket of redemption, Lord, that led Ruth all the way from Moab to the field of Boaz, Lord God, to claim her her redemption. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for ours as well this morning. Lord, we commit this time into your hands, Lord, that you we'd ask this morning that you'd bless each and every individual here this morning. Strengthen the pastor, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And the bride says, Well, as I travel through this pilgrim land, his friend who walks with me or leads me safely through the sink gates and it is the Christ of Calary. [Music] Oh, this will be my prayer, Lord. each day and me through the best I can. Listen now for I need thy life to every day and I miss you. Jesus hold my hand. Oh Jesus hold my hand. Oh, I every hour everyone through [Music] me by thy power. Oh, my people. Oh Lord, no. Cuz when I nearly pray, I hope to meet you there. Blessed Jesus. Hold my hand. Listen now. Let me travel in this light divine that I may see the blessed way. will be that I hold. Let's sing redemption song. I will be a soul brave and true every day. Well, as I go and the blessing Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand for I [Music] still pilate [Music] me by thy saving power. My people walk down cuz when I live in prayer but I know you'll leave me there Jesus hold my hand. Well as I travel through this pilgrim land there is a friend who walks with me. leads me safely through the sinking. Said it is the Christ of Calary. This will be my burden each day that you do the best I can. Oh yes. For I need thy life to God. Thy blessing Jesus. Oh my. Oh Jesus. Oh my Oh my every protect me by thy saving power by oh my people please. Yes. Oh Lord, no more rattle on me. Cuz when I knew when I hope to meet you there, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Praise the Lord.
