################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - Bro Andrew Glover  The Revelation of My Alpha and Omega  06-04-2025 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-04
Title:   Bro Andrew Glover | The Revelation of My Alpha and Omega | 06-04-2025
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeEQrEo3g10
========================================

[Music] Down here. [Music] All day and night, night and day. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Let's all stand and see. Oh, you're worthy of it all. my home. Oh, for you are all things. Oh, to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. I sing you're worthy of it all. Oh, I see worthy of it tonight. You're worthy of it all. Oh Jesus, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve. Oh, sing it once more to him this [Music] evening. For you're worthy of it all. I sing you're worthy of it all, my Lord. Oh, you are all things and to you all. You deserve glory. Oh, is he worthy of it tonight? You are awesome in this place. Awesome in this place. Mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place of a father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mine. Oh, let's sing that first verse. Just invite him here this evening as we come into your presence. Oh, pass the gates of grace, into your sanctuary till we're standing face to face. Oh, I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. I can only now bow and say, "Oh, you are awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place of a father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty. Oh, let's sing that second verse now. Lord, I come to you in worship. I lift my voice to sing. I invite you to the table that you prepared for me. As I dwell in your anointing, I surrender everything. Oh, all glory is to the King of Kings. For you are awesome in this place. My He Oh, you are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise. To you are life. You are awesome in this place. Oh, let's sing that second verse once more. Lord, I come to you in worship. I lift my voice to sing. I invite you to the table that you prepared for me. As I dwell in your anointing, Lord, I surrender everything. Yes. All glory is to the king of kings for you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place of a father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Can you say he's awesome here this evening? How many you invite him this evening just to come and speak to us? It's good to see each and everyone in the house of the Lord. before we got our brother Andrew Glover tonight. Just come with great expectation what Lord has in store for us. Brother Travis, will you open the service in a word of [Music] prayer? Amen. You may have your seats this evening. We have One announcement. I know I just seen them on the back table back there. They have the church directory. I believe Sister Cara is doing that for us. So, we appreciate it. If you want to put your phone or your family name, kids address if you want, phone numbers, email address, and then pretty self-explanatory. Just uh fill those out and give it back to her as soon as you can. She'll have those put in and they'll be nice to have so we can contact people or maybe you can go through that phone directory and find people to pray for whatever you can use it for. I'm sure appreciate that. Amen. How many you feel fine this evening? Amen. That was that was all right. How many feel good this evening? Amen. Let's sing this song. I woke up this morning feeling fine. I woke up with heaven on my mind. Well, I woke up this morning feeling fine. And I woke up with heaven on my mind. Oh, and I woke up with joy in my soul. Oh, for I knew that my Lord had control. Oh, and I knew I was walking in the light. Oh, for I've been on my knees in the night. Oh, and I prayed till the Lord gave me a sign. Oh, and now. Oh, let's sing it once more. Let's take a look. Oh, I woke up this morning feeling fine. Oh yes, I woke up with heaven on my mind. Oh yes, I woke up with joy in my soul. Oh, for I knew that my Lord had control. Oh, and I knew I was walking in the light. Oh, for I've been on my knees in the night. Oh, when I prayed till the Lord gave me sign. And now I'm feeling mighty. Oh yes, I'm feeling. Oh my divine. Oh, I've got heaven is on my mind. Oh, don't you know I want to go to where the milk and honey flows. There's a light that always shines. Oh, down inside this heart of mine. Oh, I've got heaven, heaven, heaven on my mind. And now I'm feeling my divine. Oh yes, we're walking with Jesus all the time. And we're walking and talking as we climb. Oh, and we're traveling that road up to the sky. Oh, where I live, I'll live when I die. Oh, he's been telling me all about that land. Oh, Andy tells me that everything is grand. Oh, and he says that a home shall be mine. And now I'm feeling mighty. Oh yes, I'm feeling Oh, mighty find. Oh, I've got heaven. It's on my mind. Oh, don't you know I won't go to where the milk and honey go. There's a light that always shines down inside this heart of mine. Oh, I've got heaven, heaven, heaven on my mind. Oh, and now I'm feeling mighty fine. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this evening. Amen. How many you came to praise the Lord this evening? Amen. And after Sunday service, I don't know if you can't help help but come to church and not praise him because we got a reason to praise him this evening. Oh, and this is this is the day. Sorry. Oh, this is the day. Oh, this is the day that the Lord hath made that the Lord hath made. Oh, I will rejoice. Yes, I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. For this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, this is the day. Yes, this is the day that the Lord Oh, sing it once more to him. For this is the day. Oh, this is the day that the Lord hath made. That the Lord hath made. Oh, I will rejoice. Yes, I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. Oh, this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, this is the day. Yes, this is the day that the Lord has made. So I will praise him. Yes, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him when the sun goes down. Yes, I will praise him. I'll praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him when the sun goes down. Yes, I will love him. Oh, love him. Oh, love him in the morning. Love him in the new time. Love him. Yes. I love him. I love him when the sun goes down. And I will trust him. I'll trust him. I'll trust him in the morning. Trust him in the new time. Trust him. Oh, trust him. I'll trust him when the sun goes down. Oh, just serve him. Yes. Serve him. Oh, serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Oh, serve him. I'll serve him when the sun. Oh, let's praise him this evening. I will praise him. Yes. Praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him when the sun. Oh, let's all sing. And when I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all he has done for me. Oh, my soul cries out, hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving. Sing it again. And when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, yes, then my soul cries out. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. I'll sing it once more as the brothers come. And when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, then my soul cries out, hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Amen. for the Lord. We [Music] pray. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget what you done for me. Oh jeez, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh jeez, I'll never forget how he brought me out. Oh jeez, I'll never forget. No. Oh jeez, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh jeez, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh jeez, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget you. No, never. He's done so much for me that I cannot tell it all. Oh, I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me that I cannot tell it all. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. Oh, how could I forget what you've done for me? Oh, how could I forget how you set me free? Yes. How could I forget how you brought me out? Oh, Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget what you done for me. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, I'll sing it once more. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget what you done for me. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. [Applause] No. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise this evening. Aren't you thankful for all he's done for you? Let's sing that song, Devil Don't Like Us Praising God Around Here. How many came to praise the Lord this evening? Well, that devil don't like us praising God around here. Oh, that devil don't like us praising God around here. But now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my might. Devil don't like us praising God around here. Oh, that devil don't like us praising God around here. I say that devil don't like us praising God around here. Oh, but now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise all my life. Devil don't like us praising God around here. Oh, that devil don't like us claping around here. Oh, that devil don't like us clapping around here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to clap with all my mind. Devil don't like us clapping around here. Oh, that devil don't like us singing around here. I said the devil don't like us singing around here. But now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to sing with all my heart. Devil don't like us singing around here. Oh, that devil don't like no freedom around here. I said the devil don't like no freedom around here. But now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise him with all my mind. Devil don't like no freedom around here. Oh, that devil don't like no preaching around here. I said the devil don't like no preaching around here. But now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'll back the word with all my devil don't like no preaching. All that's clap. Oh that [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, that devil don't like no shouting around here. I said the devil don't like no shouting around here. But now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'll shout for the Lord with all my mind. Devil don't like no shouting around here. Oh, that devil don't like us praising God around here. I said the devil don't like us praising God around here. But now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my mind. Devil don't like us praising God. I'll sing it once more. That devil don't like us praising God around here. Oh, the devil don't like us praising God around here. But now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise him all my don't like us praising God around here. Oh well, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. He's keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. My Jesus is keep all. Can you sing it to him this evening? Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. He's keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. My Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, it's that Holy Ghost in fire and he's keeping me alive. He's keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. It's that Holy Ghost fire and he's keeping me alive. My Jesus is keeping me alive. I've got it down in my heart and is keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. I've got it down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh, Jesus. Oh, I like this one. Oh, that old devil doesn't lie, but it's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. That old devil doesn't lie, but it's keeping me alive. My Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. My Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, it's that Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. It's that Holy Ghost and fire and is keeping me alive. My Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful he's keeping you alive? We ain't got no song specials this evening. So, I'm just going to worship the Lord. So, you can sing with me or whatever. And I'm so glad that the Lord he brought me out. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. If it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord he brought Oh, aren't you thankful? Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord he brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord he brought me out. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that my Lord, he brought me out. You've been happy. Oh, I've been happy since the Lord brought me out. Oh, I've been happy since the Lord, he brought me out. Well, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I've been happy since the Lord, he brought me out. Well, I've been singing since the Lord brought me out. Oh, I've been singing since the Lord brought me out. Well, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I've been singing since the Lord he brought me out. Oh, aren't you glad that the Lord he brought you out? Oh, aren't you glad that the Lord he brought you out? Well, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? Aren't you glad that the Lord he brought me out? Well, I'm so glad that the Lord he brought me out. Yes, I'm glad that my Lord he brought me out. Well, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? At the Lord. And yes, I had joy since the Lord. He brought me out. Oh, I've had joy since the Lord, he brought me out. Well, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I've had joy since the Lord, he brought me out. And I've been shouting since the Lord brought me out. Oh, I've been shouting since my Lord, he brought me out. Well, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I've been shouting since the Lord he brought me out. Well, I've been clapping since the Lord brought me out. Well, I've been clapping since the Lord he brought me out. Well, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I've been clapping. Amen. As our pastor comes this season, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that my Lord, he brought me out. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I've been since the Lord, he brought me out. Oh, I've been happy since the Lord brought me out. Oh, I've been happy since my Lord, he brought me out. Well, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I've been happy since the Lord. He brought me out. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this evening. Let's sing that song. I'm in this church, this glorious church. Aren't you thankful you're in this church this evening? I'm not talking about this physical building. Aren't you thankful you're in the church of the Lord this evening? And I'm in this church, this glorious church. I didn't join. I was born. And I had a new birth. Some glorious day. Going to sail away. It's by his grace, not by my works. I'm I'll sing it again. I'm in this church. This glorious church. I didn't join. I was born. I had a new birth. Some glorious day. Going to sail away. It's by his grace, not by my works. I'm in this church. When Jesus came, he was left out. There was no place where he was welcome here on earth. But he had a plan for a house that shall forever stand. He spoke these words upon this rock. I'll build my church. And I'm in this church, this glorious church. I didn't join. I was born. I had a new birth. Some glorious day going to sail away. It's by his grace, not by mountain. I'll sing that verse once more. When Jesus came, he was left out. There was no place where he was welcome here on earth. But he had a plan for a house that shall forever stand. He spoke these words upon this rock. I'll build my church. And I'm in this church, this glorious [Music] [Applause] [Music] church. Glorious day I'll sail away. By his grace I'm in this church. Amen. I say God is my [Music] everything. God is my everything. He's my joy in sorrow. He's my hope. Yes. He's my rock. In a wey land, my shelter in a time of storm. Oh, God is God is my everything. How many testify to that tonight? I said, God is my everything. [Music] God is my everything. He's my joy. He's my joy and sorrow. Yes. He's my hope. He's my hope for tomorrow. I said he's my rock. He's my rock in a way. He's my shelter. In a time of storm. I know God is. Yes, God is my [Music] everything. Amen. You believe that tonight? Won't you put your hands together for the Lord? We have a prayer request for Terry Doyle. Very needed for brother Bobby Gates. Also I want to remember in prayer brother Donald Bendabout for brother Wendles is in the hospital tonight having heart surgery asking the Lord to intercede on his behalf. If you have a need on your heart tonight I know that God is mindful of what we have need of. How many come to to get something from the Lord tonight. Amen. We didn't come to hear from a man but we come to hear from God and have communion with the Lord. I know God is more than able. Amen. And it doesn't matter what we have need of tonight, but I thank God that we have a place to bring it. Isn't it wonderful to be a believer? No matter what we go through, Brother West, we got a place to bring it. Amen. Every every trial, every every burden, every every problem that any of us would face, but God has given us a place to bring it tonight. Amen. So, why don't we just take it before the Lord that he would take our burdens and make them light. Isn't that right? So, let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege it is, Lord, to come and stand in this place tonight, Lord, just to be able to be in your presence once again. Lord, we are just honored, Lord, as a body of believers. Lord, just to be able to fellowship one with another, Lord, I look out ac across this congregation and Lord, to see people, Lord, that have a zeal on their heart to do something for you. And Lord, we just want to be right. We want to serve you, Lord. We want to be pleasing to you, Lord. We want our worship to please you, Lord. We want our ministry to please you, Lord. All of our life, we want it to be pleasing unto you. And Lord, we just ask you tonight, Lord, that you would meet every need, Lord. Every hand that's raised, those that are sick, Lord, I pray that you would touch them, Lord. That you would lift them up, Lord. Be an encourager to those that need encouragement tonight. We ask you these things in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? That God is more than able. Isn't it wonderful? We don't matter what we have need of. He's more than able. Amen. Can you sing it with me? Well, God is my everything. Well, God is my everything. He's my joy. [Music] Well, he's my hope. Yes. He's my rock. He's my shelter in a time of storm. God is God is God is my everything. I say God is God is my everything. Yes. God is God is my ever. Well, he's my joy. Yes, Lord is my hope. I say he's my rock. In a wey land, he's my shelter in a time of storm. I know God is God is God is God is my everything. One more time. Can you sing it? God is God is he's my everything. Well, God is. [Applause] Yes. He's my [Applause] hope. Well, he's my joy in sorrow. He's my rock in a wey land. He's my shelter in a time of storm. I say God is God is my [Music] everything. Amen. Does he mean everything to you tonight? Amen. That all that he's done for us. Amen. It just seems like that when you sit back just for a few minutes, I sit out there and this afternoon just think about all the things that God has done for us. You know, it doesn't We've all came from a lot of different places and different backgrounds and we all have past and all the things that we had to dredge through to get to where we are, but I thank God that we're here. Amen. I heard somebody say one time, he said, "I'm not who I who I I need to be, but I'm sure not who I used to be." And I thought, "Well, thank God that that's way all ought to be tonight." Amen. I just thank God how good that he's been to us tonight. He's never failed us, and we certainly appreciate the Lord. Can we just sing this uh the goodness of God as we invite uh brother Andrew to come tonight? How many's looking forward to the word of God? Amen. How many's going to pull from the gift of God? You receive something from the Lord. You know how we know how that works for a body of believers. It's a people that operate a gift. Amen. It ain't something that a preacher can turn on or turn off, but it's something that people operate. And it don't matter what you have need of tonight. If you can get sincere before the Lord and you can pull from God's gift that is laying in a man, then God can speak to our hearts. You believe that tonight? Won't we just maybe just close your eyes and let's just sing this song to the Lord. I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I say cuz all my life you have been faithful. How many say that's the truth tonight? Lord, you've been so so good. With every breath that I am able, yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. For you have led me through the [Music] fire. And in the darkest night, you're close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a [Music] friend and I have truly lived in the goodness of God. So I say all my life you have been faithful. Yes, my Lord. All my life you've been so good. With every breath that I am able, Lord, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. Well, I say all my life, Lord, you've been so faithful. Lord, you've been so good to me. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I say your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after, running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after, running after me. I know all my life you have been faithful. Yes, my Lord. All my life you've been so good. Every breath that I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Amen. How many can give him a hand clap of praise this evening? Amen. How many can testify of his goodness? Can testify of his mercy? You can testify of his grace. How many can testify of his faithfulness? Amen. That no matter no matter what came your way, there was a storms brewing and winds blowing, but God was faithful. Amen. I think of the scripture says that he is faithful. And Amen. I'm thankful tonight to serve a faithful God. Amen. Want to say God bless you all this evening. It is a real honor and a privilege to be in the house of God and and then to be home tonight and to be speaking to you from the word of the Lord and from the message of the hour and good to see everyone out on a Wednesday evening. I know there's no doubt many that's pressed over many many enemies and spirits to get here tonight, but you're here and we're in his presence and all things are possible. Amen. Amen. I want to say God bless you tonight and amen. It's good to see all these young folks up here on the front row. Amen. when I stepped out of the out of the back room there, Brother Matt, and thought it was a meeting. Amen. Amen. I tell you, it is a meeting. Amen. Amen. See all these chairs out and all these young people up here. God bless you all. And isn't it just an honor to see young people still seeking the things of God. Amen. I tell you, that's something we should never take lightly. Amen. As as young people seeking the things of God. Amen. Maybe we just bow our hearts together tonight for a word of prayer. Let's just bow our heads. Maybe you have a special need upon your heart tonight. something you would desire from the Lord. I know that he's able. I know that he's mindful of every need that's represented here tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here on this Wednesday evening, Father, Lord, there was no announcement sent out. There was no flyers printed up. There was nothing, Lord, specially advertised about this service tonight. But Lord, here in this building is gathered a whole house full of believers, Lord, eagles, Father, Lord, that have pushed beyond the cares of life and pushed beyond the problems and situations of their maybe their jobs or their homes or whatever it may be, Lord. And they've come into your presence tonight, Father, to fulfill your word where you said where the carcass is, there the eagles will be gathered together, Lord. We're not just campground Christians, as your prophet said. We don't just serve you during the special meeting times or in the convention times, but Lord, we serve you when we're on the mountain and we serve you when we're in the valley, Lord, because your word ever remains the truth. And Father, as we come here tonight, Lord, maybe to some it would be just another Wednesday night. Maybe to some it would be just a a time away from something else. But Lord, to the eagles, as your prophet called them, the hungry hearted eagles. Lord, they've got to have that fresh kill. And Lord, this has come to the port of the service where the bread of life will be broke, where your word will be spoken. Father, you've seen every hand that was raised. Behind that hand, there is a need. And Lord, we're very confident of your scripture tonight that you said you sent your word and you healed the diseases. You sent your word and you delivered your children. Now, Lord, we're not looking for you to send a message, Lord. We're looking at the message you've already sent. Father, may you come in this meeting tonight in the power of your resurrection. Lord, may you drive out every heavy spirit, oh God. May you drive out every every spirit of the enemy that would try to hinder your children from receiving from your divine word. Lord, I pray if there be some at home tonight streaming unable to be here. Father, I pray the angel of God would pass by that house, Lord. Father, may the angel of death, may the angel of sickness, Lord, may the angel of disease be bound, oh God. And Lord, may the may the healing virtues of Calvary flow through sick bodies, Lord. Father, for those who would go back and hear this service, Lord, may something be said, Lord, that would be a help and an encouragement to them. Lord, as we turn into your word, anyone with physical strength can open this Bible, but it'll take you to come down with spiritual strength and open our understanding. Uh, Father, we invite you, come among us tonight, and we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory. In the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. and all the believers says, "Amen." And amen. God bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles, while you're standing with us, we want to invite you in the scripture where we're going to go uh to the book of Revelation chapter 1 and then also we're going to go to Philippians 1 and then St. John chapter 13. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Do want to say we appreciate our pastor, brother Matt, for this opportunity to speak to you tonight and do want to bring you greetings. We were out in Idaho this weekend at brother Paul Halelet's assembly there and and pulled up on the parking lot Sunday morning and there was a sign out there and the name of their church was Grace Tabernacle as well. So, amen. They said to be sure and send you greetings. And he said to be sure and greet you, Brother Ben. Amen. I know brother Paul is speaking very highly of you, giving your greetings. And he said, "It's been a while since I've seen him." I said, "Well, you ain't seen him since he's become a powerful song leader." Amen. We sure appreciate Brother Ben and his gift the Lord is is using mightily among the church. Amen. Revelation chapter 1 and verse number eight. The Bible here says, "I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is and which was and which is to come." I love this. The Almighty. Brother Breman said he was the in between. But he chose to tell the church, I am the alpha and I am the omega. I am the beginning and the ending. I am that which is first, which was, and which is to come. Somebody say this with me. The Almighty. In Philippians chapter 1, Philippians, I want to look in Philippians chapter 1 and verse number six, a very very familiar scripture. Philippians 1 and verse 6. Paul here writing, he says, "Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ." Now, there is no guessing, there is no hoping, there is no presuming, being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. In the book of St. John chapter 13, St. John uh chapter 13, I think it's very fitting to read this um in the book of St. John chapter 13, he opens his book of writings by saying, "In the beginning was the word." Now, in St. John chapter 13 and verse number three, I love how this opens up. Jesus knowing, isn't that powerful? Not guessing. Jesus knowing that the father had given all things into his hands and that he was come from God and went to God. Jesus knowing he had come from God and went to God. We ask the Lord this evening to have the blessing of the reading of his word as you can have your seats here this afternoon. I want to uh tonight by the help of the Lord if I would if I would take a title tonight I want to speak to you on this for just a few moments. The revelation of my alpha and omega. the revelation of my alpha and omega. And uh maybe just to share a little bit of inspiration here with you, we were actually out there last week in Oklahoma. Some of the Bontrager family was there. We were out there for brother Bryce's meetings there in Claremore and brother uh myself, brother Craig Ber and brother Daryl Ward were speaking there last week and uh brother Craig was speaking there on that Thursday evening. And while he was preaching, he was just preaching along and he mentioned this um this scripture, Revelation 1 and8. and he said that Jesus Christ is the alpha and the omega. And when he said that, he began to to to preach along those lines for just a moment and then totally changed gears and I just couldn't get out of that gear. Uh the Lord just began dealing with my heart and inspiring some things. And tonight, if it's okay, I just want to share a few of those with us tonight because you know, I believe if there ever was a time that we need, Amen. to be the full possessors of full assurance. Amen. And walking with full assurance in our heart of our position. I believe that now is the time. How many can agree that now is the time to have a full assurance, amen, of our position. And you know, Brother Brown will say it like this. What we need is a full assurance of what we're doing and moving forward in our position. Amen. Fulfilling our commission. Now, I know that maybe some here have been serving the Lord many, many years. Some have been serving the Lord for just a few years. But it's a very uh it's a very principled fact that every believer, amen, has a position in God. And every believer has been given a commission. Amen. By almighty God. Now I find it amazing, brother speaking of his position and commission. 1955 he said, "Now my ministry is not to personally contact each one. It's to bring forth the full assurance of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus and tell them, amen, to look and live. Amen. He was showing us that his commission on the earth, amen, was to bring forth the full assurance of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus and to tell the people, Amen, to look and live. Now, amen, he was a prophet of God, ordained of God, amen, to tell the people of God, amen, what to look at. And I find it amazing in the tape influence 1964, brother Bram speaking of Isaiah and he said in the temple he saw God on his throne and he was lifted way up high and God was going to show him, amen, what to look at. So even all the way back to Isaiah, amen, God had to show him what to look at. He said now not look at one another. Amen. But look up there to what he is. Amen. What he lifted up high. Amen. On his throne. I find it amazing that God was not telling Isaiah, amen, to look back at what God was. Amen. Or to look forward to what God would be, but rather he told him, Amen, you've got to look at what he is. And in Revelation chapter 2 and verse one, Jesus said these things, amen, saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks. He said, now this is he of whom it is said, Amen, that this same Jesus is both. Somebody say both. Both. Is both Lord and Christ. Amen. There he is, the one and only Lord God Almighty. And beside him, Amen. There is no other. There he is, the Savior. Amen. Salvation is of the Lord. Jonah 2:9. Amen. And he's walking in the midst of the churches throughout the seven ages. Now listen. What he was in the first age. Amen. He is in all ages. To every believer. How many believers have I got here? Amen. To every believer. He is Jesus Christ. Amen. The same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Amen. To every believer, he is Jesus Christ. Amen. The same yesterday, today, and forever. So that Jesus that we're speaking of, Amen. is the alpha and he is the omega. He is the one that was. He is the one that is, and the one which shall be. Amen. He is the almighty God. And here's the beautiful thing about it. Amen. Is he's not just Abraham's God. And he's not just Moses's God. He's not just Jonah's God or Jeremiah's God. Amen. But to every believer that will call upon his name, Amen. He shall save them. Amen. And he will become your God. Amen. He will be your God personally. Amen. I want to tell you tonight, Amen. If God that I'm talking about saved you, Amen. He did not save you to lose you. Amen. If you're saved, Brother Brandham says, then you're saved. If God saves you tonight knowing he's going to lose you 10 years from today, then he is defeating his own purpose. But the infinite, almighty, eternal, everlasting wisdom. Amen. God doesn't know enough. Amen. To know whether you'll hold out or whether you won't. Amen. Then when he saves you, you say, "Well, I'll give him a try. I'll see what he do." Then he does not know the end from the beginning. Amen. But God knows what he's doing. Amen. Amen. I want to establish that tonight. Amen. that God is not guessing about what he's doing. He is not presuming about what he's doing. But God knows what he's doing. Amen. And don't you never worry about that. It's you and I that stumble along. Amen. But God knows what he's doing. I love this. And he knew. Amen. Whether we would hold out or what we would do. Amen. Before you was ever even born. Amen. God knew whether you would hold out or not. Amen. Before you was ever come to an altar. Amen. God knew whether you would hold out or not. Hey, I'll say what Jeremiah said. He said, "I know the thoughts that I think towards you." Amen. Sayaith who? Not the preacher. Amen. But sayaith the Lord, Amen. They are thoughts of peace and they are not of evil. Now listen, to give you an expected end. Amen. You say, "How can God, Amen, give me a believer an expected end?" Amen. Because he's the one who was in your beginning. Amen. And he predestinated, Amen. all the way from before the foundation of the world. Amen. Predestinated your ending. Amen. Before you ever come into your beginning, amen. And he knows your beginning. He knows the middle part and he knows your ending. Amen. Amen. I love that. In in Revelation 1:8, I I just want to read that from the Amplified Bible. In Revelation 18, it says, "I am the A. I am the A, Alpha, and the Omega. I am the beginning and the end, says the Lord God." Listen. Who is existing forever. Amen. And who was continually, Amen, existing in the past and who is to come. Amen. The Almighty, the omnipotent. Amen. The ruler of all. Amen. Amen. Your God is the omnipotent. He is the ruler of all. Now, in Revelation 1:8, Amen. I love how it says this. Amen. It is an expression, amen, of God's absolute supremacy over all things. Amen. Amen. It is an expression, amen, of God's supremacy over all things. Brother Bham said, he said, I am the alpha and the omega. He says, in other words, I'll be supreme in the first and I'll be supreme in the last. Hey, that ought to make you put your shouting shoes on. Amen. The same God that set your heart of dancing. Amen. And filled you with the Holy Ghost on the night you got saved. Amen. He is not a weak old Dodie grandpa. He is not a God of our imagination, but he is the almighty God. He is the supreme God. And if he was supreme when you got saved, he'll be supreme when you get sick. If he was supreme when you got saved, he'll be supreme when you get discouraged. He is not a god of our imagination. He is not a god of wood or stone. He is the almighty omnipotent. Amen. Sovereign God. And he rules and he reigns over everything. Amen. I am the alpha and the omega. I am the first. I am the last. He said, "Now, now not the announcement of the second party or the third party, but the only party." Well, glory to God. It was not the announcement of a second party. Amen. Or a third party, but it was the only party. Amen. Let me say this. You didn't show up late to the party. Amen. What he was in the beginning for Moses. Amen. He's right here tonight for Carter. What he was to Jeremiah, he is to Matt. What he was to Jonah, he is to every believer here tonight. Amen. What he was to David, amen, he is to Kobe. Amen. What he was to Rebecca, Amen, he is to destiny. What he was in the beginning is what he is in the middle and is what he'll be in the end. Because he is the almighty God. He is the alpha and the omega. He said before I show you anything, Amen. I want to let you know, Amen. who I am. Hey, he said the greatest of all the revelations is the deity. Amen. the supreme deity of our Lord Jesus Christ. He said, "You can't even get to first base until you believe that." Amen. That's why Peter said, "Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sin." And then you're ready to go in the spirit. Amen. The first thing you have to know, Amen, is the deity of Christ. Amen. The first thing you have to know, Amen, is the deity of Christ. I love that, Brother David. I don't have to know all the books of the Bible. I don't have to know, amen, all the titles of all the tapes. But the first thing I've got to know, amen, is the supreme deity of my Lord and my Savior and his name is the Lord Jesus Christ. I remember when I was in high school, I I had a teacher and you know, she was trying to kind of embarrass me one day. Amen. Because I was claiming as such a young man to be a preacher and she she kind of said to me, she said, "Amen. What's all the books of the Bible?" you know, and I just started listing a bunch of them off and I scattered all over the place. And about halfway through, she went, "Oh, that's just embarrassing." I said, "Embarrassing?" She said, "Claiming to be a preacher and can't even chronologically list, amen, all the books of the Bible." I said, "Ma'am, I just listed them all." Amen. She said, "I want them chronologically and I want the key theme of them." I said, "Listen, I don't know all the education of the Bible, but I know there's the books of the Bible, and I know what they are, but above that, I know the author." Amen. The one who wrote it. Amen. And power does not come into your life by the ability to memorize. Amen. 66 books of the Bible. Power does not come into your life by the ability to memorize all the quotes. But power comes into your life when revelation begins to be imparted by the quickening of the Holy Ghost. There ain't a devil big enough. There ain't a devil bad enough. There ain't a demon strong enough that can whip. Amen. A son and a daughter of God who has a revelation of the Almighty, Alpha and Omega. Yes sir. I am A to Z. There's no more but me. Amen. I was at the beginning so I'll be at the end. He said now be careful John. Amen. You have entered into the spirit and something is going to be revealed to you. What is it? A trumpet sound. And the first thing that come out was I am alpha and omega. I am the first of all revelations. He said alpha and omega. That's the first thing that he let him know who he was. Who's this approaching? Is this King Jesus? Is this King God? Is this King Holy Ghost? He said, "I'm all of it. I'm from A to Z. I'm the beginning and the ending. I'm the immortal eternal one. Amen. I was before there was a first and after there's no more last. I will still be there. I was there before there was a first. I'll be there when there is no more last. Amen. Just listen to those words again. He said, "I am alpha and omega." Amen. This is deity. This is not simply a prophet or a man. This is God. And this is not a revelation of three gods. Amen. But one God, the Almighty. Ever since these people have failed, Amen. to realize that there is just one God with three offices or manifestation. He said they know there is one God according to scripture but they try to make it to the fantastic theory. Amen. That God is like a bunch of grapes. Amen. Three persons with the same divinity. Amen. Shared equally by all. He said but it plainly says in revelation that Jesus is that which is that which was and that which is to come. He is the alpha. He is the omega which means he is the A to the Z or the all of it. He is everything. He is the almighty. Now you all know one of the most one of the most uh uh controversial doctrines in the Bible. Amen. Is the doctrine on the Godhead? Right? Amen. Is there one God, two gods, three gods? Is Jesus God or spirit God? But look here. Amen. I can say this but the controversy. Amen. It wasn't so from the beginning. Amen. Because God is the beginning and he was in the beginning. Right? In 1 Timothy 3:16, Paul says, "Without controversy." Amen. Great is the mystery of godliness. Amen. For God was manifested in the flesh. He was justified in the spirit. He was seen of angels. He was preached under the Gentiles. He was believed on in the world. And he was received up into glory. Now, when Brother Brand begins to preach this one place, he'll actually exchange, Amen. the word controversy for the word argument. And he'll say like this, without argument, amen, great is the mystery of godliness. Now watch, for God, amen, was manifested in the flesh. He said today when they try to break up God and make him something that he isn't. I tell you, that's one of the biggest curses on the Christian church today. Oh, he was a good man. He was a philosopher. He said he was Emmanuel. He was Jehovah anointed. Amen. walking here on earth. Amen. And living among us. He reads 1 Timothy 3:16. He said, "So now Jesus was God's manifestation of his own being on earth." Amen. That's why he could say, "When you see me, you've seen the father." Because Jesus was the manifestation of God on the earth. He sent in a human being to take away sin and make a way for sickness to be healed. He said, "Now in the name of Jesus Christ, the son of God, I take every spirit in here under my control for the glory of God. And may the Lord Jesus Christ who is my full guide that my life is now surrendered to him." Amen. As an empty channel that he speaks through, may he have control in my life that his spirit may control everything that's in here and cast out every evil spirit and heal every sick person that's in the building. Amen. What was happening? Amen. God, amen, was manifested in the flesh. How many knows, brother Brandham said, when God is truly revealed, he is made manifest in the flesh. Brother said that when God is truly revealed, he is made manifest in the flesh. Now, he goes to St. Markap 11 and he said, now remember what he said. He said, have faith in God. Amen. For verily I say unto you, if ye, not if I, but if you whosoever, Amen, will say to this mountain, Amen, be moved, and don't doubt, but believe what they said will come to pass. Amen. You can have, Amen, what you said. He said, now see, that's God in you. Amen. And who could move a mountain but God. Who could bring the things to pass like that? Amen. But God. He said, "So you see beyond any controversy, amen, that God is in his people." Amen. Without argument tonight, I can stand upon the supreme deity. The revelation that God, Amen, is in his people. He said God came in a human form. He said that didn't make him another God. Amen. He was God. He was the same God. It was a revelation then and it's a revelation now. Amen. Amen. Pretty clear, isn't it? He said, "So there's no chance of controversy there." Amen. The Lord which was, which is, and shall come, he is the Almighty. I want to make an announcement to you tonight, Grace Tabernacle, that Jesus Christ is none other, amen, than the Alpha and the Omega. But I want to make it personal tonight. Amen. I want to say this to you. He is not just David's alpha and omega. He is not just brother Brandham's alpha and omega, but he is my alpha and he is my omega. And I'll say this, he must be your alpha and he must be your omega. He said Jesus is walking alone in the midst of his church. He said there is no one else with him and neither indeed can there be for he alone wrought her salvation and he purchased her speaking of you with his own blood. He owns her. He is her Lord and her master. You know there's no pope with him. Do you know there's no archbishop beside him? Do you know that he don't even look at Mary? Amen. And ask her what he should do. Amen. He don't look to the father. Amen. Because he is the father. He does not turn to give orders to a holy spirit. Amen. For he is God eternal spirit. And it is his life. Amen. That is flowing and pulsating in the church and it's giving her life. Amen. Without him there would be no life. Amen. So salvation is of the Lord. I love what he says. There was no one with him. When he dropped the fierceness of the wrath of the fiery furnace, it was not another but him who hung up on the cross and gave his blood. And he is the author and the finisher of our faith. And he is the alpha and the omega of our salvation. We are a spouse to him. We do not belong to the church. We belong to him and his word is law. Amen. Creeds and dogmas and bylaws and constitutions have no effect on us because it is Jesus alone. Amen. Who walks in the midst of the churches. It is God in her. Amen. Willing and doing of his own good pleasure. And don't you never forget that you have only one relationship to God. And God has only one relationship to you and that is Jesus. And he says, "Jesus alone. Hey, hey, it was Jesus that saved me. It was Jesus that gave me the Holy Ghost. It was Jesus that filled me with the power of God. It was Jesus that sent me this message." Amen. It is Jesus. And it is Jesus alone. Now, Amen. I'll just get this out there because because many people, Amen, they view this mighty, powerful, eternal, omnipotent, amen, infinite God. Amen. As a very impersonal God. Amen. But I want to establish something to you. Amen. Our God is a personal God. Our God is a personal God. In Revelation 3:14, he said these things sayaith the amen. Amen. The faithful and the true witness. Amen. I love that word faithful. It is of persons who show themselves faithful in the transaction of business, the execution of commands, or the discharge, amen, of official duties. Amen. receive these things saith the faithful. Rebraham said you know we often talk about a great unchanging God. Amen. You know we often talk about Amen. whose words does not change and when we speak of him after that manner we often get a view of him that makes him seem very impersonal. It is though God made the whole universe and all the laws that pertain to it and then he stood back and he became a great and personal God. He said, "It is though God made a way of salvation for lost mankind. That way being the cross and then when the death of Christ have atoned for our sins and his resurrection gave us an open door to him, brother Noah, then God just folded his arms and stood back." It is if we have major in the believing in a great creator who having created but then lost his personal interest in his creation. He said, "Now I say that is how many people are apt to think, but that is wrong thinking. Let let the prophet change your thinking tonight. That is wrong thinking." Amen. For God is governing in the affairs of men. Amen. Right now, he is both the creator and he is the sustainer. Listen, he did not save you, amen, to lose you. He did not build his home in you to move away. He did not teach you to swim, to let you drown. A but what my God began, my God is going to finish. Amen. If he pulled you from sin, he's going to put you in the rapture. If he pulled you from unbelief, he's going to put you into faith. If he called you, amen, from the confusion of religion, he's going to reveal to you the authority of his word. My God is the alpha. He is the alpha and he is the omega. I love what Paul says. He said, "By him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, both visible, invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers." Amen. All things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things. Somebody say before. And by him all things consist. Brother Ram said, "Let it be anything it might be. There is no other being." Yeah, brother, sister. Amen. He is before all things and by him all things consist whether it be father, son, holy ghost, whatever it is, he is before all things that's in heaven, in earth, visible or anything. This son of God was before all things. Is that right? Can we answer that? Is that right? He said, "I don't care if it's thrones, if it's dominions, whatever it is, heavenly thrones, kingdoms, whatever it might be in the great supernatural realms beyond in the eternities where it was, whatever it was, angels, gods, whatever it was, he is before all things." He said, "There is nothing can make it run but him. He is the head of the body, which is the church, who is the beginning. He is the head of the church, which is the body who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. Listen, he didn't show up late and steal his position in his church. He was before there was a church. He was before there was a pope. He was before there was a prophet. He was before there was an angel because he's God and he's the alpha and he's the omega. Our God is not a trespasser, folks. He's a sovereign God and he's the living God. And whatever he decides to claim as his own, he's got rights to it. And there ain't no devil can tell him he can't have what he wants. If he wants your soul, he's going to get it. If he wants your feet, he's going to get them. If he wants your hands, he's going to get them. If he wants this church, he can have it. Because he was before Grace Tabernacle. He was before Matt Morris. He was before Andrew Bber. He was before any of us. And when the dust settles and the smoke clears, he'll still be the alpha and the omega because he was supreme in the beginning and he'll be supreme. Amen. He'll be supreme in the end. Might have preeminence. Oh my. Amen. The alpha and the omega has come into the church. He said that he might be the firstborn from the dead. Now I love this. He said, "Now see that is raise up what he come to redeem." Oh God. So God did not take claim of you the day you went to the altar. But he claimed you Yes, sir. From before the foundation of the world. He said, "Now that he might have preeminence." You know what that means? That's over all. See, he is over all things that was ever created. Every angel, every being, everything that there is, he is over all things. Now, what creature is this? Who can it be? He's over all things. Can we say that together? He's over all things. There is nothing in the past, brother Ed. There is nothing in the present and there's nothing in the future that our God is not over because he is over all things. Let me say this more than anything. What we need is a revelation that he is the alpha and the omega and he is the beginning and he is the end and he is over all things. If that revelation ever drops into your soul that your God is over the devil in front of you, it'll release an anointing upon you to take the sword of the word and claim your rights as a child of God. Amen. Can I just tell you what the prophet said? He said, "It is the revelation of God that will give you authority over the devil." He can see why they would take or add would be cursed. Amen. For who can add or take away from the perfect revelation of God and overcome the enemy? It is that simple. There is nothing, somebody say nothing, of such prevailing power as the revelation of the word. There is nothing of such prevailing power as the revelation of the word. Oh, how we need revelation by the spirit. We don't need a new Bible. We don't need a new translation. Though some are very good. I'm not against them. But we need the revelation of the spirit. And thank God we can have what we need. For God wants to reveal his word to us by his spirit. Again, he says, "May God," Amen. begin by his spirit to give continuous lifegiving and prevailing revelation. I want to say this to you. Amen. There's only one thing that'll give you authority over the devil. And that is the revelation of the word of God. And it does not come from a man. It does not come from a bishop. It does not come from a message preacher. It comes from the spirit. Now I want to say this as you begin to look at things. Amen. You got to realize that there is a vast difference. Amen. In what a man does and what God does. The prophet of God said you see what man can do and then you see what God does. He said, "What a man does is failing." Somebody say that. What a man does is failing and will fail and has failed and always will fail, but what God does is eternal and it must forever remain. He said, "See that I mentioned it takes the Holy Spirit to give us revelation or we will fail to get it." So if a man tries to give you revelation, you will fail to tap into the prevailing power that that revelation is intended to give you. But if the spirit of God ever comes into the church of God and he becomes the preacher and he becomes the teacher, then he will begin to bring to you the things, amen, that God has ordained for you to have in the age you're living in. Now, I I know I know I know sometimes we get real happy about about the revelation of the seals and thank God for it, right? We get real happy about the revelation of the serpent seed and and the godhead and and all those things and praise God for it. But let me say this to you. What sometimes what we need to do is get a revelation of what God is doing in our lives. Because the revelation is that it's God doing it. Sometimes we need to get a revelation of what God is doing in our own lives because the revelation is that it's God doing it. Y'all ever heard that song? Everything that happened to me that was good, God did it. Y'all ever heard that? Amen. It's an old song. Everything that happened to me that was good, God did it. Amen. Do do you see? Amen. Because what's happening here is remember that a rock in the Bible, amen, represents a revelation. So our foundation, amen, it must be a revelation. Look what David says in Psalms 118:21. He says, "I will praise thee for thou has heard me and art become my salvation. The stone which the builders refused, listen, is become the headstone of the corner." Now look what he says in verse 23. This is the Lord's doing. This is the Lord's doing and it's marvelous in our eyes. Brother said, "See, if there's anything in us that would keep us from believing the true word and knowing the revelation of Christ, as he said to Peter, upon this rock, I will build my church. If there's anything contrary to that, then take it away from us, Lord. We lay it aside ourselves and we cast it out. Look, we got to cast it out. He said, "And accept in its place the chief cornerstone." That's the Holy Spirit. That's the foundation of the real church of God. Oh, mercy. The foundation of the real church of God. Amen. is the revelation of the supreme deity of almighty God. Listen, we're not built on the education of our pastor. We're not built on the abilities of the evangelist or built upon the ideas of some preacher. We are built upon the foundation stone that Jesus Christ is the son of God. He was God in the beginning. He's God in the middle and he's God in the end. Amen. Now, God has called every one of us to be his witnesses. Let me say this to you. A God called witness, amen, must have an experience. But said, the true word comes to the true prophet and he tells you the true word. Now listen, and you follow that true word and then you get a true experience, amen, of the word. Now, I'll say this to you, brothers. Ask a question. Do your children have to have an experience, amen, to have the Holy Spirit? Even if they see the end time message, do they have the Holy Spirit? He says, "Everyone must have an experience." Now, come on. From the youngest to the oldest, everyone must have an experience. He said, "Listen, your children cannot go in on no other way but the same way you do." See, you must have an experience with God to go in. Brother said this, you must have an experience with God to go in. Can I say this to you? Every experience, it has an alpha and it has an omega. And whoever is the alpha and the omega of your experience is also the sustainer of that experience. Amen. Let me say this. Amen. You have to be able to go to your alpha and your omega. Amen. To receive support, amen, to sustain the experience that you receive. I want to say this as plain as I know how. If a man starts you, a man's got to keep you going. If a man starts you, a man's got to keep you going. And don't get mad at me. That man's got a right to finish you at any time he wants to. But if God starts you, then God will support you and he'll give you divine support. Amen. To bring you to the expected end that he had in his mind from before the foundation of the world. Reme the Lord have planted. I will water it day and night. He said, "Look at the criticism. No denomination can back it up. No church is like it around the country. No Pentecost in the country. Nothing else to sustain it. Everybody against the water baptism. Even to my own family." Amen. My daddy turned me away from the door. I got my clothes in a little paper sack and went live in New Albany. Amen. But listen, the reason he kept on going. Amen. Because God was his alpha and his omega. Amen. God was his revelation. God was his sustainer. God was his creator. Amen. God was the author and the finisher of his faith. It was God that was giving him the visions. It was God that giving him the dreams. It was God that was revealing the word. It was God that was stopping storms. It was God that was healing cancer because he had received the supreme revelation of the deity of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. I love what he says in Isaiah 41:10. He said, "Fear thou not, for I am with thee, and be not dismayed, for I am thy God, and I will strengthen thee." Now either either we believe it or we don't. For I am with thee. I am thy God. I will strengthen thee. I will help thee. I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness. Amen. Amen. Can I say something to you? Amen. Sometimes as elders, they begin to think maybe that you become illrelevant around the church and you're not that important and and your day is gone and you can't do nothing else. I rebuke that devil. I rebuke that devil. If God still got you in this church, I don't care if you're 50 years old or 90 years old. He's got you here for a purpose because he is your alpha and he is your omega. Look what Isaiah said in Isaiah 46:4. He said, "And even to your old age, I am he. And even to the hairs will I carry you? I have made and I will bear. Even I will carry and will deliver you." Oh my. Who is he talking about, church? He's talking about God. He's talking about the alpha and the omega. He's talking about the beginning. He's talking about the in between. and he's talking about your end. Let me say this. In Acts 17, y'all remember, Amen, that Paul goes up there and he's speaking at Mars Hill. Remember that? And he goes up there and the Bible said he told them that they were very superstitious. Amen. Concerning this unknown God. He said, "When I passed by, I beheld your devotions and I found an altar with this inscription to the unknown God whom therefore you ignorantly worship. But him, Amen, declare I unto you." He said, "Now they knowed he was there, but yet they did not know him. They knowed he was there, but they did not know him." My brother brother brother Matt, they knew he was there, but they had no revelation to identify him. So they just built an altar and they said to the to the to the unknown God. But Paul come by and he be to preach to them. But he did not do it because he had an education. He did not do it because he had this religious understanding. He did it because he had received a revelation. And he said these words, "They that should seek the Lord, if happily they might fill after him and find him, though he be not far from every one of us." Listen what he says. For in him, Amen. Amen. Look where Paul goes. He says, "For in him, Amen, we live and we move and have our being." Amen. In him we live, we move and have our being as certain also of your own poets have said, "For we also are his offspring." I love what Paul comes in Colossians 3:17 and says, "Whatsoever you do in word or deed, you do it all." Amen. You do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him. He said, "There's many fine women in the world tonight, but there's one, Mrs. William Brandom, the one that goes with me." He said, "And there's one church, amen, that lives in the name of Jesus." He said, "Can you smoke a cigarette in the name of Jesus? Can you tell a lie in the name of Jesus? Can you steal in the name of Jesus? Could you turn away from God's truth in the name of Jesus? He said certainly not. So whatsoever we do in word and deed, let's do it all in the name of Jesus. He said we come in the name of the Lord Jesus knowing that we could not come and saying now Father here is William Random or Orman Neville or whoever we might be. We would be turned down quickly. But we have the assurance that he said if you ask the father anything in my name, it'll be granted. So I don't guess I could get it using my name, anything from him. But I know, oh God, I'm guessing trying to get something from God in any other name outside of the name of the Lord Jesus. But I know that when I use his son's name, then I get my petition. For it's in him that I trust. It's in him that we live and have our being. Amen. Watch this. And we're grateful this morning, God, for all that he means to us. Now, sir, can can I read the rest of that? And that's our complete life. Yes, sir. Amen. Come on, church. Our complete life. is in him. Brother said, "See, when we take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ in water baptism, Paul said this, what? Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you?" Listen, which you have of God, and ye are not your own. You say, "I do my own thing." No, you really don't. You say, "Well, I'm my own person." No, you're really not. Because Paul goes on to say in 2 Corinthians 13:15, "Examine yourselves whether you be in the faith and prove yourselves, and know ye not your own selves how that Jesus Christ is in you, except you be reprobate." Now, Brother B brings it on down. He says, "Now the church, we say the church, the great mighty church, she did this and she did that and she's weighed the storms. We picked up in population. We're great in numbers. We're a mighty church. She's a great thing." He said, "But did you notice God never said anything about her?" All right. Come on. He never said anything about she. Everybody okay? He said him. See him is the meeting place. The lamb, not the church. He didn't put her name anywhere, but he put his name in him. That's why all we must do in word or deed do it all in the name of Jesus. If we petition, we got to ask it in the name of Jesus. If we walk, we got to walk in the name of Jesus. If we talk, we got to talk in the name of Jesus. If we baptize, we got to baptize in the name of Jesus. for all that we do, we do in the name of Jesus. Now, I'll just say this. God is obligated to his name. And he is obligated to his name because his name is in his word. Can I say this to you? And God is under obligation, amen, to his word. He said when you obey God's word, he said God's under obligation to answer you if you believe him. See, it lays in you. Amen. What is laying in you, I'll tell you what's laying in you is the revelation of the supreme deity of the Lord Jesus Christ. And when you speak the name of your alpha and your omega, every demon in hell has to back up. and her spirit has to step aside because you're not coming in the name of the church. You're not coming in the name of the preacher. You're coming in the name of almighty God who was before the sin who will be after the sin. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because God, Amen, is worth no more than his word. Yes, sir. God is worth no more than his word. Now, come on, folks. God is worth no more than his word. Can I say something to you? And God called you to believe his word. And he is worth no, that's a direct quote. He is worth no more than his word. I love what Romans 8:28 says. It says, "And we know." Look here. Amen. Not we guess. Come on. Amen. Know this of assurityity. Amen. Know this. Amen. Knowing Jesus knowing. Come on, church. Jesus knowing he had come from God. Amen. Paul knowing who the unknown God was. And here Paul says, "And we know that all things work together for the good to them that love God and to them who are the called." Who are the called according to his purpose. Let me say something to you. Paul said, "You are the called." Yes, sir. You know what that word called means? It means invited by God in the proclamation of the gospel to obtain eternal salvation. Amen. Glory to God. You did not buy this revelation. You were called to this revelation. You did not stumble into this revelation, but you were called into this revelation. You were called to obtain eternal salvation in the kingdom through Christ. Listen, you were called to the discharge of some office. I love these words. You were divinely selected. You were divinely selected and appointed. Yes, sir. You're not a called, but you are the called. Can I say something to you? It's not haphazardly. And it's not randomly. God didn't just randomly decide to call you one day. Come on. We We live in an age where you ain't heard from somebody in a long time. And you look down at your phone and it's ringing and you pick it up all excited to say, "Hey, how you doing?" They say, "Sorry, I called you by accident. I pushed your number." See, that's not They were not calling on purpose. But when God called you, when your alpha and your omega called you, brother said God sets a time and has a purpose for everything that he does. There is nothing happens just accidentally to those who love the Lord and are called according to his calling. See, we are predestinated and everything works just right for that because he cannot lie. And he said that was so that everything has its time, its season, and it has its way. And God is behind every move. And sometimes you think that everything is going wrong. It's up to us. Those things are put upon us. See, now let me just say this. If God calls, if God calls you, if God selects you, and if God appoints you, then it's up to God to take care of you. Come on, church. He said, "Why take ye thought for reignment? Consider the liies of the field. How they grow, how they till not, and neither do they spin." In St. Luke 12:6 he said, "And not five sparrows sold for two farings, and not one of them is forgotten before God, but even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not, therefore, ye are more value than many sparrows." God have mercy. Can I just get it out there? If you're a Christian, you were called to be a Christian. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you're a believer, you were called to be a believer. If you're a warrior, you were called to be a warrior. Amen. See, brother said, because God by grace, he called you. He said, now watch the church elect. You believe in the election. Sure have to. If you believe the Bible, our names are put in the lamb's book of life from before the foundation of the world. Listen. Says the Bible. See, now watch. And now and then, if we're called, you ought to be thankful to God that you was elected. That's what I'm so thankful about. That God called me. He chose me. He chose you. You never chose him. If you ain't said amen all night, that ought to be the time you put your shouting shoes on and scream hallelujah. Amen. I didn't choose God. I didn't go looking for God. He came looking for me. No man can come to the father except the father draws him first. So you see if God calls you, he will knock at your door. Glory to God. Amen. That's why I got a problem with somebody claiming to preach that had to have 10 other people tell them they was called to preach. Because if God ever calls a man, he knows the man's name. He knows his address. He knows his personality. He knows his nature. and he knows a way to get a hold of him to awaken him to the reality that he has called him to preach his word now. I might as well I might as well just get it out there because I preach for a second. Just because God calls you don't mean you won't have to fight. Listen, but God has given you a weapon. Amen. God has given you a weapon. Can I tell you what that weapon is? It's called the revelation of your alpha and your omega. God has given you a weapon and it's called the revelation of my alpha and my omega. Come on. I might as well just preach. I'm this close to it. It's time to whip some devils. Young people, it's time to whip some devils. It's time to draw our sword and pick up the weapon that God has given this generation. It's time to whip some devils. You say, "What devils are you talking about?" I'm talking about those devils that's talking to you and you're listening to them so much that you started talking their language. Well, we can't make it. And our home is going to fall apart and our ministry is going to fall apart and our marriage is going to fall apart and our babies are going to go to the world. Listen, that's the devil's language. And if God is not your alpha, and if God is not your omega, you got every reason to say it. But I say this, if God is your alpha, if God is your omega, if God is your beginning and God is your end, he'll see you through every dry time. He'll see you across every desert. He'll pull you through every lonely night. Hallelujah. I think it's time to pick up the supreme revelation and fight back against that devil. I didn't call myself. I didn't place myself. I didn't select myself. But God from before the foundation of the world called me and selected me and divinely appointed me. And if he did it, he'll take care of me. Will somebody give God some praise? I think it's time to fight back against that devil. Well, we ain't going to make it. Rebra said, "When you say that, it's because you're looking at the circumstance instead of the promise." If God calls you to it, he intends for you to have it. Amen. That's good. Yes, sir. Come on. I might as well preach. Yes, sir. Well, brother Andrew, I've got all these babies and I'm going to lose my mind. The devil's a liar. Well, brother Andrew, my babies have reached teenage years and and the world's just going to get them. Listen, if God is not your alpha and God is not your omega, then go break open Dr. Dobson's books and find some way to raise them babies. But if God is your alpha and God is your omega, he gave you them babies because he's got confidence in you and he knows come hell or high water. If you got to crawl to church, you're going to be there because there's something on the inside of you and it's greater than yourself. It's called a revelation of my alpha and my omega. Hallelujah. If God calls you to it, he intends for you to have it. If God calls you, he commands you to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, and receive the Holy Ghost. Then Christ, himself, I just picked that up. God will not put more on you than you're able to bear. Come on. You're not praising because you're underneath his load. You're not praising and you're not worshiping because all these troubles and all these situations and all these pressures and all these doctor's reports and listen, I'm going to beat that devil square in the face and you can sit there and watch me. All the pressures are piling up on you and you're losing your praise because you're trying to figure it out and you're trying to find a way to fix it. Can I say this to you? Pick up your weapon of praise. Pick up your weapon of praise. God didn't put you in that battle and put more on you than you can bear. He has already made a way of escaping. Now, I love what Jesus done. He stood right there and looked at him and he said, "Listen, they were trying to tell him that God was her father." He said, "Well, if God were your father, you would love me. For I proceeded forth and came from God. Neither came I myself, but he sent me. I love what Jesus said. Peace be unto you. As my alpha, my omega, as my father hath sent me, even so send I you. He said, now listen, the father that sent him, come in him. And the Jesus that sends the man, he goes in the man. It isn't the man, it's Jesus. It wasn't Jesus. It was God. Now, now, now, now, now, folks, there there are many callings that we could use for an example, but let's just let's just throw down here for a second and let's use one that everybody's very familiar with. It's the calling of preaching. We we believe in preachers and we believe God is still calling. We believe God is still calling. We believe God is still calling preachers. But listen what a prophet said. When God sends a man to do anything, he completely equips him with everything that he has need of. If God calls a man to be a preacher, he puts something in him to preach with. If he calls him to be a teacher, he puts something in him to teach with. If he calls him to be a prophet, he puts something in him to see visions and to be a prophet. God always completely equips the man. Now, I love this brother said, "If he's raised up in a certain way and schools him in a certain way, he molds him in a certain way, makes him in a certain way and fashions him." Now, I'm I'm going to insert this. Okay? That's why we don't believe in seminaries. Come on, folks. Because we believe if God calls a man, he can school the man the way he wants to use him. See, God doesn't make any halfways. God makes complete Christians. He said, "Now, see, that's don't now watch." He said, "Oh my, that's true. You can't make yourself something you're not. But if God calls you to be, be the most thankful person in the world because he has called you. Now watch. Then it becomes real to you. Now I believe I'm just reading the prophet. Okay? I believe that no man can call himself. God has to call him. Now there's a lot of people we know, brethren. He says it's worked up and thinks that God's called him, but their lives soon you find out. But if God calls you, can I say it? You'll be there. Can I finish it? And you'll stay there. There ain't nothing that'll move you out of your position. Because let me say this, if God calls you, he has a place for you. Somebody say, "Well, amen. Uh, Brother so and so told me I was called to preach and ain't nobody called me to preach." Well, call brother so and so and tell him to get you a pull pit because he called you to and quit getting mad at God cuz ain't no doors opening. But if God calls a man, come on, folks. If God's big enough to call a man, he's big enough to open a door for a man to step into. Brother said, "Oh, that man told me today, he said, brother Brandon, if I preached that," he said, "I'd be kicked out of my church. I wouldn't have any other meetings anywhere." I said nonsense. If God calls you to the gospel, he's got a place for you to preach. He's got somebody that'll listen to you. Certainly, there will be somebody who will listen. If you got to stand on the street corner, you say, "Well, they'll throw me in jail." He said that if God called you to preach, then preach to the jailer because somebody will get saved. You say you have to do it. No, you don't. The reason they do is because they haven't tested this inoculation. They haven't taken the toxin yet for it. And there's something that'll cure it. Now, now, can I say this? That'll cure that scare you got. So, what is the scare? Well, the scare is fear, but revelation is the cure. The scare is fear, but revelation is the cure. Can I Can I Can I just Can I just drop this to you? And I'm going to close right here. I got a revelation. My alpha and my omega has the means to take care of me. I got a revelation. If I will look to my alpha and omega, he'll supply all my needs according to his riches and his glory and he will be my source. Reverend said, look here. He reads Isaiah 45:22 and says, Isaiah says, "Look unto me and be ye saved all the ends of the earth, for I am God and there is none else." He says, "Look unto Jesus who is the author and the finisher of our faith." Can we Can we do war for five minutes and close out? Is that okay? Amen. Looking unto Jesus who is the author and the finisher of our faith. Amen. Looking unto Jesus who is the author. Amen. looking unto Jesus who is the author and the finisher of our faith who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross despising the shame and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. He said, "Look unto me." He said, "Especially at the end of the world system." He said, "The thing, the question is, what do you see when you look?" He said, "Now, if they mention the word look, they're saying pay attention to." He said, "I wonder in a time that we're living in now, what could we look to that would be more solid than God?" What could we look to, Brother Charles, that would be more solid than God? And God is the word. So look to the word of God today for your answer. The Bible has the answer for this day. It had it for the other days. It's got it forever because it's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Can I say this to you? The Bible has the answer because the Bible is the revelation of Jesus Christ being revealed since the foundation of the world. And you say, "I've done that." It depends on what you looked at determines what you look at is where and what you look to him for. What are you looking at? Amen. What are you looking at? Can I say this to you? What you're looking at, Amen, is the source you're drawing from. Can I just Can I just punch that devil tonight? What you're looking at is the source you're drawing from. But I've got a revelation that my alpha and my omega is the mighty conqueror and nothing can get in my way to stop or hinder me. Listen, he's already conquered everything. Somebody help me. He's already conquered everything. Somebody tell me one thing he hasn't conquered. Come on, anybody? One thing. One thing he hadn't conquered, brother Tim. He's already conquered everything. Can I tell you what it's time to do? It's time to let the revelation of your alpha and your omega prevail over whatever devil is standing in front of you tonight. Come on. You say, "I'm too I'm too tired or I'm too sick or I'm too discouraged or I'm too beat down." You don't know what the doctor said and you don't know what the report said and you don't know what this one said. But I just I just want to drop this to you tonight and I'm going to go on about my business. My my revelation is this that my alpha and my omega is God and he determines my future. My revelation, David Paul, is that my God is my alpha and he's my omega. And a doctor's report does not control my future. A sickness does not control my future. Brother said, "Now healing is of God alone, and God alone has purchased for us our healing. So it's up to us to do everything we can in our life and every way that God has given us for our healing. But if God that heals, if it's God that heals, he said that if God calls you to go home tonight, there isn't enough medicine in the world that'll keep you here. There is nothing going to keep you here. But if he determines Brother Matt, if he determines, Amen. If he determines for you to stay on the earth, then no matter how many physicians, Amen, say you're going tonight, you're not going. Because, Sister Cindy, it's all up to your alpha and it's all up to your omega. Well, somebody put you shouting shoes on in the house of God. Cancer does not determine when you leave. Amen. Sickness does not determine when you leave. Well, I might as well just say it. I I I I I got I got to study today and I got all inspired, brother Matt, and I I picked up my phone and I text brother Ron Spencer. I said, "Amen." Everybody say, "God bless you, Brother Ron." I text Brother Ron. I said, "Hey, buddy. I'm sorry. I've got a really odd question for you. How many funerals have you preached to people?" Or I said this. I said, "Have you preached any funerals of people that has had cancer while you're in this battle?" You know what he responded and said? He said, "Four of them and three of them going to the same doctor and taken the same treatments and none of them lasted a year." He said, "A couple only lived a few months and then they told me after a year of the treatment I'm on, they expect me to be in a wheelchair." He said, "But I'm now five years. I'm now five years, brother Ron, because your revelation is not the cancer center. It's not the chemotherapy. It's because his revelation is God is my alpha and God is my omega. Cancer is not my beginning and cancer is not my ending. He says, "I have come from God and I'll go back to God." Can I say this to you? If a man with stage 4 cancer can stand there and fight back against those devils trying to determine his future, then what about you tonight who are the called according to the purpose of God? It's time to rise up and pick up your sword and fight back against that devil. God is my alpha. God is my omega. Stand on your feet tonight. Five years chemo, battling cancer, stand right there and say, "But God is bigger than cancer." God is greater than cancer. You know why? Because there's a law of revelation that operates in the soul of a believer. He's my revelation, folks. He's the supreme beginning. He was supreme in the beginning. He'll be supreme in the ending. He's all of it. He's a to Z. He's my God. He's my provider. He's my preserver. He's the captain of my [Music] salvation. Now, I'm just going to say it. It don't matter what the devil does. When your alpha and your omega is ready to move, there's [Music] nothing there's nothing that can hinder him. He will do exactly what his word said he will do. Brother Andrew, is it is it really possible? Is it really possible that that me and my condition? I love what brother says in looking into Jesus. He says that poet looked one time. Blind Fanny Crosby. She looked one time. She looked Now I I just want you to I just want you to catch this. She looked one time. blind Fanny Crosby to see what she could see being blind. Let me read that to you again. Blind Fanny Crosby blind looked one time blind to see what she could see being blind and here was her answer. Thou the stream of all my comfort, more than life to me. Whom have I on earth beside thee? Or whom in heaven but thee? See, she had a revelation. There's no God beside him. There's no God above him. She took that revelation. She took that revelation into her soul and it became the foundation of every song she wrote was this. I shall know him. I shall know him. I don't know where you're at tonight, but I'll say this to you. That same God's right here in this building [Music] tonight. Listen, I'm not trying to be rude or uncaring or inconsiderate. I'm trying to tell you tonight, quit allowing things that are not your alpha and your omega to determine your praise to your God. He's over all things. He's over all things. Listen, I know tonight sometimes people get to thinking. They get to thinking, "Well, we got to control this. We got to do this." I got to thinking the other day I was studying this and if you ever if you ever really get a revelation in your soul that you didn't start yourself, then you'll quit worrying about trying to stop yourself. If you ever get a revelation in your soul that you didn't start yourself, then you you'll quit worrying about finishing yourself. It's like years ago over in North Carolina at Brother Henry Greens, there was a power of God broke out in one of the missionary camp meetings and they were shouting and dancing and praising God. Somebody come up there to brother Henry Green. They said, "Hey, calm all this down and quieten all this down. It's getting out of hand." He looked over at him. He said, "Hey, I can't do that." They said, "Stop all that." He said, "I can't stop it." They said, "Yeah, you can. You can stop it." He said, "I can't stop it. I didn't start it. Can't stop myself. I didn't start myself." I didn't put myself here. The call of God did. Can I say this to you? You didn't put yourself there. The call of God did. And if God started you, only God can finish you. the revelation of my alpha and my omega. Won't you bow your hearts tonight? Heavenly Father, Lord, your word is true and your power is more real than the air we breathe. It's more real than the things that we handle with our hands or the things that we hear with our ears. Lord, see with our eyes. Your power is that real. And Father, we recognize your power tonight. We recognize that you are the alpha and you are the omega. Lord, we recognize tonight that situations and problems and circumstances. Father, the devil has done everything he can, Lord. Lord, when we get in the situations and the problems of life and the pressures and trials, discouragements come upon your children, Lord. Father, we automatically start trying to figure out a way to fix it. Lord, we start questioning everything and where did we go wrong and what did we do wrong? And Lord, sometimes we just got to stop and take inventory. But Lord, I found that nine times out of 10, it's that old enemy trying to make us take our own salvation into our hands. Lord, we stand tonight upon the promise of your word that salvation is of you. And you are the God that was. You are the God that is. And you are the God which shall ever be. You are the beginning and you are the ending. Lord, you are the first and you are the last. You're the supreme. You're the supremacy of all good things. Father, in your word has told us that you'll not put more upon us than we're able to bear. So Lord, we're looking away from the situations and the problems. Lord, we're looking away from the circumstances. And Lord, we're looking to you who is in control of all things. Lord, as I was just thinking today, there of different ones. Lord, blind Fanny Crosby there, our brother Ron. Glory. Lord, five years of battling cancer. And five years ago, the doctors told him that he had just months or days or weeks or months, I can't remember exactly, but just a small amount of time to live. But Lord, it don't make no difference. Because if whatever they say it don't make no difference, the only thing that makes a difference to a believer is what their alpha and their omega says. And Lord, to stand there and preach funerals, Lord, of people going on with cancer, stand there battling his own body, Lord. Father, believers right here tonight, dear God, battling situations, but still pressing on and still persevering because they've received the prevailing power of revelation. And it's given them authority over their devils. Satan, I want to tell you tonight with everything that's within me, you are not my alpha and you are not my omega. You didn't start me and you can't finish me. I want to tell every spirit, every impell tonight, these believers standing here were not started by some man. So, a man won't finish them. They were started by almighty God and he's at their expected end. Lord, may tonight they leave this building and carry that revelation in their hearts. And when that old devil crawls in their home and driving down the road going to work or coming home from work and that devil just pounding them in their minds and telling them, "I'm going to get you. I'm going to finish you." Lord, stresses and pressures this age, the lid has come off of hell. Lord, families and fathers and mothers and marriages, Lord, fighting just to to overcome the pressures of this age. But Lord, we stand sure and strong upon the foundation. The Lord knoweth with his and he's given us a weapon. So that's why we marry in the name of Jesus. That's why we preach in the name of Jesus. That's why we establish our homes in the name of Jesus. That's why we build our church upon the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's why every God- called ministry builds its ministry upon the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Because that is the name that every knee has to bow and every tongue has to confess. Father, we love you tonight. If there be one on shifting sands, Lord, Father, it's not too late. It's not too late. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe you just raise your hands tonight and say, "Lord, remember me. Remember me tonight." God bless you tonight, friends. Pick up the sword. Pick up the revelation. In your darkest trial right now, pick up that revelation. When it looks like everything's falling apart in front of you, pick up that revelation. He is my alpha and he is my omega. Hallelujah. [Music] in my presence. You hold it. I say God, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together, God. Yes, you're my God. God, you hold it all together. God, you [Music] are in the middle and you hold it all together. You are. You are. Yes, Lord in the middle. And you hold it all together. God of my future. [Music] Yes. You're God of my pres, God of my future. You write my story. You hold it all [Music] together. Amen. How many say amen to that? Amen. You believe that he's our alpha and our omega. And if he started it, he's going to end it. Amen. How many got that revelation that God is our alpha and our omega? Amen. And you can't believe he's our omega if you didn't believe he's the alpha. Amen. He's the one that made us. What a powerful a powerful reminder tonight that it's God that created us. It's God that made us. It's God that called us. You know, somebody had said a little something like that to me the other day, just poking around. And we're always working ever since we started the church out here. And just seems like for seven years almost, we've been we've been building and tearing out walls and adding in walls and and making room and making space. And somebody kind of poking and said, you know, I'm we've been building ever since we started. I said, "Yeah, we have." Said, "Well, you're going to have to stop." And I said, "Well, I can't stop something I didn't start." So, I mean, what do you mean we're going to have to stop? I mean, well, we we're going to have to whatever when we expand this time, we ain't going to make we can't make no more room. We we we can't make no more. You know what? I'm if if I would try to stop what God is doing, God would move me out of the way and put somebody else in the position that would carry on his work. That's how much I believe that God finishes what he started. Do you believe that tonight? Not just in a church, but in every every one of us tonight as a body of believers that God is certainly more than able. How many enjoyed that message tonight? Wasn't that tremendous? God bless you, Brother Angel. [Music] Even though the waters got to be parted. So lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he started in you. Well, God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, lift up your head. Don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he started in you. Well, God is going to finish just what he started. Even though the waters got to be parted, so lift up your head, don't be brokenhearted. God is going to finish what he started in you. Amen. How many believe that tonight? Amen. Won't we just bow our heads together? Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for another opportunity, Lord, just to come and fellowship around the word of God. Lord, how you came tonight and spoke to our hearts. And Lord, we just thank you for that word of encouragement, Lord. And God, what a mighty word, Lord, it was tonight, Lord, knowing that that true revelation of Jesus Christ in our lives, Lord, is what gives us authority over the devil. And Lord, that's what we want as a body of believers. Lord, I pray you'd give that revelation to every man, woman, and child, Lord, that they would be able to stand against every thought that the enemy would place in their life, Lord. that you are the supreme deity. We thank you for it now and we give you praise and honor in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Can we sing that song? He'll do it again. Amen. You may you may be down and feel like [Music] God. You may be down and feel like God has somehow forgotten. God bless you tonight. And you are faced with circumstance you can't get [Music] through. And now it seems there's no way out. You're going under. But God's proven time and time again, he'll take care of [Music] you. He'll do it again for you. He will do it again. Just take a look.
