################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-24 - Pastor Matt Morse  The Revealing of Redemption  8-24-25 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-24
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse | The Revealing of Redemption | 8-24-25
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtjA7POG-PU
========================================

[Music] [Music] Let's all stand singing wherever I am. I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. [Music] Oh, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of my Jesus. For the name of Jesus. Oh, sing it again now. Oh, wherever I am, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love for surrounds me like the sea. Oh, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of my Jesus. For the name of Oh, if you came to praise him, sing it once more now. Oh, wherever I am, I'll praise him. Whenever I can, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. [Music] Oh, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of my Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Oh, would you come to praise him this morning? Certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord once more this resurrection morning. Just come with expectation of what the Lord has in store for us today. Brother Brian, we open the service in a word of prayer. [Music] Lord, I pray God upon us. [Music] Lord God, that every heart God that is bound by something Lord God would be free this morning. Lord, you sent your word to heal us, Lord. So I'm asking you, Father God, that you would pour your word out upon us this morning, Lord. Father God, that we could worship you in spirit and in truth, Lord. Father God, set the captive pray this morning, Lord. Be someone's redemption this morning, Lord. Father God, and heal the sick, Lord, Father, that's the promises of your word, Lord, that we've gathered, Lord, that we can see you, Lord. So, we ask you, Father, have your way in this service in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may have your seats this morning. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Oh, and thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, and I am so blessed. My soul has found rest, oh Lord. Oh, if you have someone to give him thanks for, just sing it to him now. Oh thanks, thanks Lord. I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh yes, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord. Oh, first verse now. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, I thank you Lord for the strength you give to help me carry on through life's PS and tests, the worst and best. never left alone. You were always right beside me. Hear me every time I pray. Since I first began, you've been my dearest friend. I give you all the praise. Oh, thanks. Yes, thanks. Oh, I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, and I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I give you thanks. Oh, I give you thanks for this moment and I will continually for each day I live your praise to give. I blessed abundantly. And I can't forget that moment when in my life you made a change. Since the spirit came and not been the same. I want to give you thanks. Oh thanks. Yes thanks Lord. I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, and I am so blessed. My soul has found rest, oh Lord. I'll sing that second verse again now. Yes, I give you thanks for this moment and I will continually for each day I live your praise to give. I'm blessed abundantly. Can't forget that moment when in my life you made a change. Since the spirit came, I've not been the same. I want to give you thanks. Oh, thanks. Yes, thanks. Lord, I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, and I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. My Lord. Oh, sing it again now. I want to say thanks, Lord. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh yes, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh, Lord, I give you thanks. Oh, we have so much to give him. He's worthy of every single praise, every single thank you. He is worthy of it all. Every promise in the book, every promise in the book. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. And I am trusting in his love divine. Cuz every promise in the book, I'll sing it again now. I'm every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line, and I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise, sing. If you believe it, sing it now. Oh, every promise in the book, it is mine. Yes. Every chapter, every verse, every line. And I am trusting in his love divine. Cuz every promise in the book, oh just once more. Yes. Every promise in the book is mine. &gt;&gt; Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. And I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the world is mine. Oh, ain't God good. Oh, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him. Little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Oh, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him a little more today. Oh, if God's been good to you, sing it into him. Oh, ain't God good? to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him little more today. Oh, just once more. Oh, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving? That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. So I will praise him. &gt;&gt; Yes, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Yes, praise him. I'll praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, I will praise him. Yes, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Yes, praise him. I'll praise him till the sun. Oh, just love him and I will love him. I love him. I'll love him in the morning. Love him in the new time. Love him. Oh, love him. I'll love him to the sun. Oh, just serve him today. Yes, I will serve you. I will serve him. I'll serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Oh, serve him. I'll serve him till the sun. Oh, let's praise him now. Yes, I will praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him till the sun goes down. Trust him as I will trust him. I'll trust him. I'll trust him in the morning. Trust him in the new time. Trust him. Oh, trust him. I'll trust him in the sun. Oh, just praise him once more. I will praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Yes. Praise him. I'll praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, give him a hand clap for praise this morning. Did you come to praise him? &gt;&gt; Glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down. &gt;&gt; Well, I feel better. So much better since I laid my burdens down. And I feel better. So much better since I lay. My burdens down. Oh, glory glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I lay my burdens down, oh glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay, my bird is down. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I lay my burdens down, oh glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay, my burdens down. Oh, talk about happy. Yes, I'm so happy. Oh, since I laid, my bird is down. Oh, talk about happy. I'm so happy. Since I lay my burdens down. Oh, talk about freedom. Yes, I've got freedom. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Oh, talk about freedom. I've got freom since I lay. Oh, I feel better and I feel better. Oh, so much better. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Oh, I feel better. So much better since I lay my burdens down. And I'm going to walk on. Those streets of glory since I lay my burdens down. Oh, I'm going to walk on those streets of glory since I lay. Let's all stand and sing it to him now. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I laid, my burdens down. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I lay. Hallelujah. Oh, talk about happy. As the brothers come. Oh, talk about happy. Yes. I'm so happy since I lay. My burdens down. Oh, talk about happy. I'm so happy since I lay. My burdens down. Sing it again. Oh, talk about happy. Yes, I'm so happy. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Oh, talk about happy. I'm so happy since I lay my burdens down. Bless you. [Music] Well, if you're in the battle for the Lord and the ride, oh, just keep on the firing line. Oh, and if you win, my brother, surely you must. Oh, so keep on the firing. Oh, there are many dangers that we all must face. Oh, if we die abiding, it is no disgrace. Oh, coward in the servant, he will find no place. So keep on the firing line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Oh, never run nor even lag behind. And if you would win, God had the right. Just keep on the fight. Oh, God will God will only use the soldier he can trust. Oh, so keep on the firing line. Oh, and if you wear a crown, then bear the cross, too, you must. Oh, so keep on the firing line. Oh, and life is to labor for the master dear. Oh, to help to banish evil and to spread good cheer. Oh, grace, you'll be rewarded for your service here. Looking for the fiery line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Oh, never run nor even lag behind. And if you would win for God and the right, just keep on the firing last. Oh, and when we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Oh, so keep on the firing line. Oh, and how we'll praise the Savior for the call we have. So just keep on the firing line. Oh, and when we see the souls that we have helped to win, oh, leading them to Jesus from the paths of sin. And with a shout of welcome, we will all march in. So keep on the fire rail line. Oh, you must fight, be brave against all evil. Never run, no evil lag behind. And if you would wait for God and the right, just keep singing the chorus again as sister Joyce comes. Oh, and you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Oh, never run. Don't even lag behind. And if you would wait for God and the ride, just keep on the fire red line. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Sister Van, give her sing. [Music] No shadows deepen and my heart bleeds. I will not question the way he [Music] this side of heaven [Music] will know in part and I will not question a broken [Music] We'll talk it over in the by and by. We'll talk it over. [Music] I'll ask the reason he'll tell me why when we talk it over in the Bible. [Music] I'll hide my heartaches behind a smile and away for reason till I left you while he'll try me. I know I'll find that all my burdens are silver line. [Music] We'll talk it over [Music] in the by and by. We'll talk it over. my Lord and I I'll ask the reason he'll tell me why when we talk it over in the by We'll talk it over &gt;&gt; in the Bye. We'll talk it over. My Lord and I I'll ask the reason. He'll tell me why we talk it over in the Bible. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] At night I lay in bed and I began to cry [Music] and my mind just fails to know exactly why [Music] I can explain with tongue or pin the spirit's grounding deep within. It must be God here in my soul. Cuz I feel the pull. [Music] I feel the [Music] I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the [Music] I want to hear the word and with each line and [Music] he was calling me to give the higher praise. [Music] There was a deep call to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. I know for sure I'll reach the goal. Cuz I feel the pull. I feel the [Music] I hear the call. And I know his spirit move to give my all. He speaks to me. And I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the [Music] Lord. Please come and take control. I feel the [Applause] aren't you thankful for that pool this morning? &gt;&gt; Sometimes you might be going through life storms. Your ship might be tossed along the waves and you might be drifting to and fro, but then all of a sudden that anchor grabs &gt;&gt; tugs and let you know you're still tied to him &gt;&gt; and he's still pulling you up towards that heavenly direction. Certainly, &gt;&gt; let's all stand as we get ready to invite our pastor Xavier to put this song in. of your bullying. Oh, something keeps holding me. Oh, every day I see always helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. &gt;&gt; Always guiding me constantly. Oh, he's giving me victory. Oh, and it's a reality cuz something keeps holding me. I'll sing the first verse now. The trials of this side were getting stronger. Oh, the pull I felt was more than I could bear. Oh, and I was on the board of giving over. Oh, the strength within myself just wasn't there. &gt;&gt; Come on. Oh, but something keeps holding me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, every day I see. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. Oh, he's guiding me constantly. Oh, he's giving me victory. Yes, he's a reality cuz something keeps holding. Oh, second verse now. Oh, Satan lay before me. His temptations, they were his desires to steal away my faith. Oh, but we have a revelation today. Oh, but I have found inside a revelation. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's the strength I need &gt;&gt; to keep me in his will. &gt;&gt; Oh, cuz something keeps holding me. Oh, every day I see always helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. [Music] Always guiding me constantly. Oh, giving me victory. Yes, he's a reality. Cuz something keeps holding. Oh, Jesus is holding me now. Oh, but Jesus keeps holding me. Oh, every day I see. Oh, he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. Oh, he's guiding me constantly. He's given me victory for he's a reality. Yes, Jesus is whole. I'll sing that part once more. Jesus is holding me. Oh, Jesus keeps holding me every day. I see. Oh, he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. Oh, he's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Yes, he's a reality. Jesus is whole. Oh, aren't you thankful he's holding you today as we invite our pastor to come? I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. [Music] I give you praise. [Music] You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. Imprison chains. Oh, in prisoners shame [Music] with bleeding stripes. Oh, Paul and Silas, they pray that night. And in their pain began to see. Oh, their chains were loose. Oh, when they went free. Oh, I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor. Yes, my Lord. I give you praise [Music] for you are the life, [Music] the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Amen. How many come to bless the name of the Lord this morning? Won't somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise? It's sure good to be in the house of the Lord. Can we sing? You are great. You are great. A or F. You are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. [Music] You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my hands to worship, to magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Yes, Lord, I lift my hands to worship, to magnify your name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you. There is no more. How many can you come to exalt him this morning? You deserve the glory. Can you lift your voice to the Lord and the honor? Lord, I want to lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. So Lord, I lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There's no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] How many say he's great? &gt;&gt; Lord, you're such a wonderful God. In the darkest hour of my life, you were there. &gt;&gt; When I needed you the most, you were there. You've you've never failed me. You've never forsaken me. You've never left me alone &gt;&gt; in my greatest trial. You know, it reminds me of that story of the man that saw the footprints in the sands of time and he looked down and there was two sets of footprints and then after little while it turned to one and he said, "Lord," he said, "How is it that when I went through my greatest trial, there was only one set of footprints? How is it that that in the darkest time of my life, that's when you left me? you walk with me all the time, but when I got into my greatest trial, you forsaken me. And he replied to him. He said, "No, I didn't forsake you." He said, "But that was the moment that I was carrying you, &gt;&gt; friends. I don't know about you, but that's what I want to see in my life. Lord, let there be just one set of footprints. Let me cast my cares upon you and let you carry me through my time of trouble." Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. You believe that he's here with us. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have a prayer request for very needed unspoken request this morning. Brother had turned in. Also pray for Ruth Anne and her family. That is my cousin Ruth Anne. And also for Uncle Randall, continue to help them. And also want to remember sister Brooke Roberts and her son is sick this morning. Many that are sick. We just want to remember them in prayer. I believe God is more than able to meet our needs this morning. We're a needy people, but we have a a God that we can turn to in a time of need. So, why don't we just ask the Lord to come and meet these needs? Could you pray with me? If you have something on your heart, just ask the Lord to come by and speak to your heart. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how honored that we are, Lord, to stand in your presence this morning. And Lord, I feel such a wonderful atmosphere. Lord, there's nothing greater than than walking into your presence, Lord, and seeing the work that you're doing among your children. Lord, I can look out across this congregation this morning, Lord, and see many, Lord, that are sick and not able to be here, uh, some that had gone, Lord, Brother Roy and his family and Sister Lori, to the funeral and, Lord, that lost a loved one. Lord, I pray that you would help each one of them. Lord, those that are sick this morning, Lord, I pray that you would touch their bodies. Lord, we just ask you, Lord, that you would come and commune with us as a body of believers. Lord, we come to draw from you. And Lord, we ask you, Lord, that you would just pour your spirit out upon the church, Lord. That we would leave this place knowing that we've been in your presence, Lord. We just thank you for all you do for us, Lord. And we'll just be careful to give you the glory for everything that's done. Lord, we pray that you would anoint this word, Lord. Let it be edifying to the church. God, may we just lay everything aside this morning, Lord, and just draw from you, Lord, as a minister, God, may I get out of the way, Lord, and as the hearers, Lord, may we just get out of the way, Lord, just to take a few moments, Lord, and fellowship around your word, Lord. Can we cast our our our thoughts and things aside, Lord, that we could just dig into the word and draw from the the word of God, Lord, this morning, Lord. May you speak something that would be a help to the church. Lord, we ask you to take your liberty now in Jesus Christ's name we pray and the church says amen. Amen. We just want to invite you to the scripture to the book of Ephesians. And amen. We just sure appreciate all of our musicians. Sure enjoyed those songs this morning. How many enjoyed those those specials? Amen. I said, how many enjoyed those specials this I know it's hard to clap with your Bible in your hand, but we knew who had a Bible and who didn't. Only two people clap. But glory. Amen. That ain't even right, is it? Asking people to clap when they holding their Bibles. Well, at least everybody's packing their Bibles. I I love to see a church coming to the house of God carrying a Bible. Amen. I It's our sword. And I I sure sure appreciate that. But I I enjoyed those songs. Enjoy our musicians. And I I've always had a a real uh zeal uh on our heart to work with our young people in in music. And so we sure appreciate appreciate all of them and singing and the things. We had a you our youth uh uh meeting yesterday and had a wonderful time. Brother Brian had shareh shared some things with the youth. I know they really enjoyed it and many of them had told me afterwards how the Lord had really spoke to them and so we uh sure enjoyed that time of fellowship and and we sure appreciate what God's done. And you know even Salem was there and he's not young no more. I don't know if y'all knew that, but he he's not a youth. He's done an adult now. He done turned 18 this week. And uh so we got a we got a a new man of the house. So we just appreciate the I I I mean it's okay. I talk about everybody else's kids, so I guess it's okay to talk about my own. But he's a fine young man, and I sure appreciate him uh serving the Lord all these years, and and he's always uh had a wonderful testimony. So, I sure appreciate his stand for the gospel as a young man. Even as a little boy, uh he's always had a heart of a servant. And I always notice um the sister that's passed on now, she always uh bragged on him because she said every time I come to the church, he had come out and and uh and let me in the door and park my car. And I said, "Well, sis, I yeah, he's a real servant. He just wants to drive your car." But no, he really just wanted to be a help. And so I I I sure appreciate that in the in in a young man and every every young man. I was so proud of our our our youth yesterday. We had a Bible trivia and and the the things they knew the answer to was astonishing. And you know, it's a reflection on your ministry. If they actually I say it was a reflection on the Sunday school. If they don't know the answers, it's the Sunday school teachers fault. And if they did know the answers, well then it was my fault. I tried to play that, but it didn't it didn't work. But it it was uh it was uh amazing how many answers they knew. I even uh on one question me and brother Brian said, "Well, y'all going to get a free point. If you we had a subject and and and said the the answer to the subject said, "If you can tell us who preached that message in our church, then I'll give you a bonus point." And Kobe raised his hand. He said it was Brother David Siler four years ago in our anniversary meeting. said, "Man, they've been paying some attention &gt;&gt; uh to know that that not only the answer to the question, but who preached the message four years ago?" It was I I I just appreciate our How many enjoys our young people? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. We're a talented group. Amen. I sure appreciate them. But I want to uh re uh preach out of Ephesians. We're going to read Ephesians the first chapter and the 18th verse. And amen, we just enjoy the liberty this morning to come and uh trust that the Lord will speak something out of his word. And I believe the word of God is the most important thing in our life. Amen. I believe we can open this and find something uh that God will bring to help us. And if you'll help me, I I'm not much of a preacher. I get in trouble sometimes. Y'all pick on me for saying that, but that's the way I really feel. But I believe if God shows up, then then things are done. Amen. And we can get something out of the word. So, I want to read from Ephesians the first chapter. We're going to read out the 18th verse. The Bible said, "The eyes of your understanding." How many how many remembers what that was? It was our heart. So the eyes of your understanding being enlightened that you may know what the is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints. And we'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word as you take your seats. And I would like to take I I two weeks ago I had read this scripture or actually we had preached out of this scripture on open the eyes of my heart and I want to take this scripture this morning just as a foundation and I'd like to speak on the revealing of redemption. The revealing of redemption. Now we read or read this uh uh scripture even last time. Now we uh remember that when Paul was speaking he was trying to get something to the church. He was actually uh preaching a message and praying that the eyes of the heart would be open that the church would come to a certain place. This has always been the purpose of Paul. Paul was an apostle, a messenger uh to the gentile church. And so he was trying to bring the church to a place of revelation or a place of of understanding. He says so that the eyes of your heart would be enlightened. Now we we realized that whenever we had preached this last time, I know many were at the youth camp, but this word understanding had actually came from the Greek word cardia which meant heart. So when Paul said, "Open the eyes of your heart." And that word, it was not referring to the flesh of a heart or the organ of a heart, but it was actually referring to the inner self or the character of a man. And matter of fact, if you'd read the uh uh the the definition of cardia, it actually says the center or the seat of your spiritual life. This is what Paul was speaking of, the seat of your spiritual life. That's why brother Brandon when he would talk about a man's heart, he would say this. He say there's a compartment in a man's heart that God has made there for himself. It's a throne in a man's heart and that is his control room. He said see how can you work with the nature if the spirit of the devil is in that place. He said but every man that is born on the earth is born in sin. He's shaped in iniquity. He comes to the world speaking lies and every one of us that are born have that carnal Adamic nature the nature of Adam and we so how can we achieve anything but only through intellect because there's one that's sitting on the throne of our heart. But he said, "But then whenever you become a new creature and the old man leaves out of there and then comes a new man which is Christ and Christ takes his seat on the throne of a human heart, then life looks differently. He starts on a new road. His desires change." How many can testify of that this morning? Your desire changes. Your selfish motive changes. All the big ideas that you had of yourself, everything changes. He said, "And you turn towards Calvary and you recognize God. than your objective, your motive, your achievement, and all that you are lays in the glory of the cross. I thought that's a powerful statement that a man can get to a place that everything that you ever achieve and everything you do in this life lays to the glory of the cross. In other words, all that I do and all that I gain, let God get the glory. Let the glory go to the cross of Calvary, for I would be nothing outside of the cross of Calvary. This was the Paul the message that Paul was preaching that that the eye of your heart would be open that you would see things that you couldn't see with your natural eye that God would inhabit the throne of a human heart. Now uh last Sunday we had actually took this scripture and talked about Elisha and Gahhesa and how that that Elisha saw what Gahesa didn't see. Remember the army that was encamped around the battle. But but Elisha's prayer was that God would open the eyes. I I thought when I read that that's why I used that last Sunday is Elisha prayed the same prayer that Paul was praying in the book of Ephesians is that Lord would you open his eyes that he could see what he can't see now. So he said I pray that you would open his eyes and I here's something that I found powerful in that last time is that God didn't change what was going on around Elisha but God just opened the eye of the servant that he could see that there was more for him than there was against him. I thought, isn't that the way God does whenever you're praying for an answer and looking for a a revelation? God, it's not changing the circumstances, but but God, may you open my eye to see your hand in the circumstances that I'm going through. And so you you you see that that there was something that Elisha saw that Gahesa didn't see. You say, "Well, how could Elisha see it and Gahesa not see it?" But remember said because Elisha was just accustomed or used to walking by faith. That was just what he done. I I thought, isn't that something? On a daily basis, Elisha just walked by faith. That was his that was his daily walk. He walked by faith. He said, "See, so he was looking at the unseen all the time." I I thought that was powerful that Elisha, he didn't have to leave the house. He he never he never went outside looking around at the army. He wasn't running uh uh to try to find an answer. He said, "But Elisha saw that anyway. He saw it by faith because he knew what the book of Psalms said that the angels of God are encamped around those that fear him. He says, "So, so if if Elisha knew according to the scripture that the angels of God were encamped about them," he said, then then then he didn't have to go outside and see it with his natural eye because he knew it by faith. He knew it, Brother Salem. He knew it by scripture. He he knew it by faith. He knew that that uh that that that God had called them, that God uh that God would have a way out for them. He says, see, so he never saw the angels. He said he never saw the chariots of fire. He didn't see those things with his natural eye, but he saw a Bible promise that in the time of trouble that the angels of God would be encamped around about them. And he believed that the Bible promise as a reality. I I thought, isn't that something? So, in other words, Elisha was blessed. Can I say that? I I I know there's a lot of distraction, but we're I'm going to preach anyway. But but Elisha was blessed. How many believe that this morning? Elisha was blessed. He was blessed of God. Can I I can say that by scripture. There was a blessing that was upon Elisha that caused him to see things that he could not see with his natural eye. Elisha was blessed. He said, you say, "Well, how can you say he was blessed?" You remember Thomas when he came to meet Jesus. And he and and he couldn't believe that that was Jesus when he came there. But Jesus said unto him, remember he wanted to touch his hand. He wanted to to feel the nail prints. I I don't believe that's you, Lord. I you know, after all, it don't look the same with my natural eye. But Jesus said unto him after he touched his hand, he said, "Now I can believe." He said, Jesus, he said, uh, uh, Thomas, he said, you believe because you seen me and it made you believe. He said, but I say this, but blessed are they that believe that have not seen. So I can say that this morning that Elisha was blessed. He may not have seen it with his natural eye, but Jesus said, "But because you can't see it with your natural eye and you believe it anyway, then you're more blessed than the man that's seen it with his natural eye." I I I I I just think that's something about people. They're always looking. I want to see a supernatural and I want to see a great sign and I want to see signs of the heaven and I want to see a pillar of fire, but there's some that believe the same word. They never saw a pillar of fire, but they're believers. They never saw the supernatural, but they're believers. They never saw the lame get up and walk, but they're still believers. And Jesus said, "More blessed is he that has not seen, but still yet he still believes." You might not have seen the miracles that Jesus performed, but blessed are you that you believe. How many believe that this morning? I said, how many believers do we have here this morning? Jesus said, "You are blessed because you did not see, but you're still a believer." Blessed are you. You didn't see Moses when he parted the Red Sea. But how many believe it this morning? Well, you're blessed. You didn't see the light when it came to Paul on the road to Damascus. But how many believe there was a lie that came down and and gave Paul his commission? He said, "Blessed are you that believe that have not seen. &gt;&gt; You're more blessed." I I can just say that this morning. And you didn't see God give a fish back its life, but you believe it. Therefore, you're blessed. You wasn't in India when a woman that hadn't walked in six years. And she and the Lord came by and spoke to her that she couldn't even walk on her own and she rose up on her two feet and came walking to the building. You didn't see it with your natural eye, but you believe it. Therefore, you're blessed. You didn't see it whenever the prophet came and he spoke squirrels into existence. You didn't see squirrels appear on a limb, but you believe it. Therefore, you are blessed. &gt;&gt; No wonder had right receive such a blessing because Jesus said, "Blessed is he that believes that has not seen." &gt;&gt; No wonder the blessing came upon her life. &gt;&gt; See, that's the difference between a real believer and a church member. Remember, brother Bam said, "Gesa was a lukewarm church member." He said, "See, he he he didn't see what Elisha saw. A church member never sees what a believer sees. Can I just lay that out there? I'm going to pastor that. We're going to have a church this morning. A church member can never see what a believer sees. A church member always sees a crisis. A church member always sees a problem. Every church member sees everything that's going on. They look at a sickness. They see symptoms. But a believer looks at the word of God. And the Bible says, "But the Bible said, by his stripes, I am healed." When a church member looks at a trial and said, "There's a mountain that I can't get over and I can't get around it and it's too great in my life and there's no way around." But a believer says, "But the Bible said in Isaiah the 40th chapter that every mountain shall be made a plain and the rough places shall be made a plain and I shall walk across. Let that every every believer takes the promise of the word of God." Oh friends, you can look at failure. You can look at the condemnation that comes in your heart. And as a church member, it'd make you be down today, up tomorrow. You wouldn't feel like coming to church next time because there's so much condemnation in your heart. But let me tell you what the Bible said. He says, "But if our heart condemn us, then God is greater than our heart and he knoweth all things." &gt;&gt; Yeah. How many are church members and how many are believers? &gt;&gt; See, a church member sees one thing, but a believer sees another. A believer sees beyond what a church member can see. That's why brother Bam said, "When you see the word of God, just embrace it. Come on. &gt;&gt; Just embrace it. Don't don't don't don't don't run from it. Embrace it." So when you hear, "I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength," just embrace it. When you say when you hear the Bible says, "Walk by faith and not by sight," I just embrace it. When he when he said, "I am the Lord thy God that health all thy diseases," I just embrace it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; See, many today don't receive the promises of God. It's not from a lack of promise. No, sir. &gt;&gt; It's from a lack of faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can I say that? &gt;&gt; It's not from a lack of promise. Why don't we receive the promises of God? It ain't a lack of promise. It's a lack of faith. Why don't they get delivered? It's a lack of faith. Why don't they receive the Holy Ghost? It's a lack of faith. Why don't Why don't they receive their healing? It's a lack of faith. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, Brother Matt, why is there a lack of faith?" Well, it's no there there's no faith because people fail to realize the source of their faith. Amen. &gt;&gt; See, if you have nowhere to go to get it, &gt;&gt; you run out. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? If you if you if you if you ran out of bread and didn't know where to get bread, you said, "Well, we just don't have bread because nobody knows how to make it anymore. So, where do you go get it?" There's There's some that do. Thank y'all for teaching your children &gt;&gt; the tradesmen. &gt;&gt; Otherwise, we would all starve. &gt;&gt; But there has to be a source, &gt;&gt; a place to get it. Said, "Where does it come from?" Everybody knows this. Romans 20, the Bible says faith comes by hearing. &gt;&gt; How come many hear but they don't have faith? &gt;&gt; Church is filled with people, &gt;&gt; but they're bound up. They're &gt;&gt; they're not filled with the Holy Ghost. They lay in sickness. They don't receive healing. Their church is filled with people, but yet they hear the word, but yet they have no faith. But tell you what, the Bible says, they'd have ears, but hear not. In other words, they're not hearing with the right ear. They'd have eyes, but they see not. See this word hearing in Romans 20 comes from the Greek word aoe which means when properly used is speaking of a inner or a spiritual hearing. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Just like in the heart it was speaking of a a spiritual place in a man's heart that he would see with open the eyes of my heart. Now Paul it speaks of our hearing. He said it's a inner or a spiritual hearing. And it goes with receiving faith from God. So in other words, when you read this Greek word aoe, it's actually speaking of your ability to discern God's voice. &gt;&gt; I think that's so powerful. This is what Paul's speaking of. Faith cometh by hearing. In other words, faith cometh by the ability to discern God's voice. &gt;&gt; See, there's many voices out there. There's many there's many things that we could hear, but Paul's telling us that there has to be there's an ability in us. There's a there's a spiritual hearing that we can discern the voice of God. This is the same word Paul used when he was speaking to the Galatians. He said, "Have you received the spirit by the works of the law or by the hearing of faith?" &gt;&gt; How did you receive the spirit? Was it by the works of the law? Is there something that you've done to receive the spirit of God or was it by the hearing of faith? Was you able to discern the voice of God? So here, listen what Paul's teaching us. First, we had to have a spiritual eye. And now he says we must have a spiritual ear. So unless you hear or see with those, you'll never have faith. You have to see with a spiritual eye. You must hear with a spiritual ear. And and when you hear and see in this way, then then comes faith in the promises of God. And don't you realize that today, friends, that's what the church has need of. We need faith. Somebody say, "We need faith." We need faith. That's what's depleted in the church. That's why that's what's depleted in the hearts of believers. It's a lack of faith. Everywhere you look, you see a lack of faith. Friends, I don't have to go very far to see a depleted faith. You can look at the church pew this morning and you see a people whose faith is constantly attacked by the world and constantly attacked by by letdowns and failures and and things that are going on around them that's constantly under attack is your faith. We need faith today. We need faith for our healing. We need faith for salvation. We need faith for deliverance. We need faith for a rapture. We need faith for those that lack faith. We need faith for others. We must have faith &gt;&gt; in the end time. That's what would be lacking is faith. That's why Jesus was concerned with it. Remember in Luke he asked he said when the son of man returns will I find what? &gt;&gt; Will I find faith says see will he find brother said see he never said will I find righteousness? Will I find a church? Will I find people? He said will I find faith? Somebody say faith. &gt;&gt; Will I find faith? This is what Jesus was concerned with here. Here here and I say that lightly the word concerned. But but will I find faith when I return? This was the challenge. Would there be faith in the end time? But the B said, see, so if he's going to return to the earth, will I find faith? He he's telling us where there's got to be somebody that was faith. He said, and so in the end time, there's got to be a great church full of faith. How many's a part of that church? &gt;&gt; He said, there's got to be a great church full of faith. That's why God sent these things down was to stimulate our faith. You want to know why God displayed the supernatural in this age? It was to stimulate faith. You know, you want to know why squirrels are created? It was to stimulate faith. You know why people were healed? It was to stimulate faith. You know, you know why you seen the supernatural and miracles and discernment by the thousands. It was to stimulate. It wasn't to build up a man. It wasn't to build up a following. It wasn't to create wealth or or to build up some tabernacle somewhere where a bunch of people could live off of it. The rest of it was to stimulate the faith of the bride of Jesus Christ. He said God sent these things down to stimulate our faith, to bring out faith, and to prove what faith is. That was the purpose of Malachi 4. Said it was to restore faith. It's no wonder whenever the prophet prophesied. He said, "Behold, I will send to you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord to turn the heart of the children." Isn't that something? He was to turn the heart. Now, we already know what this heart is he's talking about. It ain't the organ that's a heart. It ain't this flesh heart, but it's this spiritual seat that's sitting on the inside of a man, the throne room of God. It was to turn that heart back to God. &gt;&gt; To turn a heart from an intellect to a heart of faith. &gt;&gt; No. No. It was a spiritual place in your heart to turn it back to God. That was the fulfillment of Malachi 4, it was to bring faith. That's why that's why when you hear that's why when you hear the prophet speaking, it gives you faith. How many ever been down or been depleted and sit down listen to a tape? go ahead and be honest with me and sit down and listen to tape and all of a sudden your faith begins to restore and you hear something that's relevant to what you're what what's going on. Anybody else testify of that? I mean maybe going through some trial and just pick some uh some tape or something to listen to and put it on. Don't even know why you picked that one. But then right in the middle of it, God begins to speak to your heart and it starts to build your faith. Why is it building your faith? That was the promise of God of the ministry of Malachi 4 was to turn the heart &gt;&gt; back to what? back to faith. It was to turn it from an intellectual uh gospel to a to a gospel of faith so our heart would be able to receive the word by faith. Let me let me tell you what Jesus could have said. He could have just said it like this. He said he could have said, "Well, will I find a people that hear the word with a spiritual ear?" Cuz that's the people that have faith. Could I find a people that see with a spiritual eye and see beyond the natural and they look at the unseen? Cuz that's a people of faith. Can I find a people that looks at the word of God as an absolute and not everything that's going on around him, can I find a people like that? Cuz friends, let me tell you, when you show me a man that has a spiritual ear, or you show me a man that has a spiritual eye, then I'll show you a man that has faith. &gt;&gt; You show me somebody that hears with a spiritual ear. You show me somebody that sees things from a spiritual eye and not looking at it through the natural eye or circumstances or things that's going on around them. I'll show you a man that has faith. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's very noticeable when a man receives faith. &gt;&gt; How many know it's not a secret? &gt;&gt; It's noticeable. You remember Moses when he went out across the desert. &gt;&gt; He was fleeing. He was fleeing the Egyptians. He was afraid. You think about Moses here. What he had done is Moses had a zeal to do something for God. &gt;&gt; And because he had a zeal, he just jumped out there and punched the first guy he saw because his zeal after all, he was going to get he was going to correct everything in Egypt. So he had this zeal because he wanted to do something for God. And so here when he seen something that was wrong, he saw an Egyptian soldier whooping a Hebrew slave. He said, "I'm not going to let that spirit or I'm not let that person take a hold of them." So he just went out there and punched him. Took his life. &gt;&gt; And he found out really fast that that ain't what God had commissioned him to do. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Said, "Well, I was going to get it all straightened out and corrected." And all of a sudden, now Moses is fleeing for his life out into the wilderness. He ran from the Egyptians. I thought, "Isn't it something here?" I you know I always thought imagine what Moses could have done with those 40 years that he wasted &gt;&gt; wandering around out in a wilderness hear that God needed him in Egypt but instead he was off in a wilderness somewhere because he didn't recognize the place that God had called him to. He had forgot he had a zeal he wanted to do what what God had brought him there for. You realize God placed him in Egypt. And here God when he brought him to this place now Moses is no it's so out of his place because because he's he's running from a running from the the calling that God had given him out of fear. He ran out in the wilderness lost all those years of his life. I thought Mike can you imagine if a man would just dedicate his life where he is to serve God where God put him and still looking for somewhere else to be if a man could ever come to that place. But Moses as he went off he was searching for an answer and he was searching for a place to hide. But thank God that God is merciful. And after all the wasted years and all the wasted time, still yet that when Moses got out there that on one day he saw the a bush that was burning up in the mountain and and the and the spirit of the Lord draw him up there to where God was and God began to reveal to him. I thought, isn't it something? But after he met God, then he had the faith to go down into Egypt and watch what happened to his life. He was a man without faith and he ran from his commission. But when he got a hold of the faith of the word of God, he went right back down to Egypt and stood in the face of Pharaoh, right back to where God had called him in the first place. Now he was a man in the line of duty. I I thought, isn't it something here? You can notice when a man finds faith here when he found this place, I thought here when Moses came to this place that God when he came to that mountain, he looked up there and there was a burning bush of fire. when you know what what God said when Moses walked up all of a sudden he walked into that that pillar of fire was burning but the bush was not consumed and Moses heard the voice of God speak out of the bush he said Moses take off your shoes for you're standing on holy ground I thought isn't it something that God made it a point to Moses to recognize the ground that he was standing on watch this as a I want to show you something here he said Moses take off your shoes for you're standing on holy ground. He wanted Moses to know where he was standing. You know, I thought this is a powerful thought. Do you realize that in the garden whenever God before there was ever a fall in the garden that God and man walked on the same ground? How many knows that? That's the Bible that man and God they walked in arm in arm and they they had communion one with another. Even even the Bible would say when they heard God walking, the Bible said they heard the voice of the Lord walking in the in the garden in the cool of day. So, so that that that God walked with man on the same grounds. I I thought, isn't that something? But then after the fall in the garden and death struck the earth. You notice what God done? Remember when God came down, he he took angels and he put them in the in the in the presence of the garden of Eden, the cherubams with flaming swords to block the way to the tree of life. So from that time, because of the fall in the garden, then man could not walk on those grounds with God that he used to walk on. Isn't that isn't that a sad picture here? One day they walked on the same ground. But then the next day a man couldn't walk on that ground again. And and you know from that time man was searching for grounds to meet God on. He's been searching for that place. Searching for a place of fellowship and searching for a place of communion. You know you know I I think of it like this. You know that that that that uh that you ever find uh two people that's in disagreement. You know that's what that's what you're always looking for. I you know I do a lot of mediating between between uh uh parties. I'll say it that way. A lot of mediating between people and and you know as a pastor there there's always something the devil's always trying to get in the middle of believers and husbands and wives and children and their parents and and church members to another. So Satan's always trying to get in the middle of it. But I've noticed as a mediator, as someone that would come and try to bring resolution uh to to a problem or a disagreement or a dispute, and I found this one thing is always true that you will never resolve a dispute if you can't find a common ground. So you have one that says, "I'm not going to budge here." And then you have the other one says, "Well, I'm not going to budge here." But there has to be somebody that can come in the middle. And when you're talking to somebody, I I don't care to tell you a trade secret, but when you're talking to somebody, you're looking for a common ground. And then you're talking to the other, you're looking for a common ground, a place that you can bring them together. Because if you never establish a a common ground, you will never have a resolution. &gt;&gt; So this is an this in every dispute there must be a common ground that you can come to that there can be a a resolution. And so, so here, you know, I got to think about this here that when Jesus a after this time that that the garden had had been had been blocked off that man has church for this place. Then when Jesus walked upon the earth, he came back and he walked up on the earth again. And the Bible says when he came to the earth, he spilled his own blood on it to redeem the earth. He was crucified. But you notice whenever he came, he was rejected by men. He was crucified. He was hung on the cross of Calvary. And then he resurrected. He ascended into glory. That's what John saw in a vision. Remember when John saw him? He said, "I saw him in heaven." You realize what he saw? He saw the corporal body of Jesus sitting on the throne of God. What was a man that walked in flesh upon this earth? John said, "I saw him when he sat upon the throne of God." I thought, "But isn't it something that here is corporal body was sitting on the throne of God?" But what did Jesus do? He sent his spirit down to inhabit the throne of every man's heart. He wasn't going to walk upon the earth and put his foot on the earth again. So he sent his spirit here. Jesus, oh glory to God. Here Jesus is sitting on the throne of God. And he sent his spirit or his life to sit on the throne of every heart that when you walked upon this earth, it was just as if he did. &gt;&gt; So see, he saw him sitting on the throne of the heart. See, but you notice after he ascended, you never see Jesus putting his foot back on this earth again. He never he never put his foot back on the earth again. Ma matter of fact you you can read that in the Bible. You ever you ever read about it in Revelations you know the first three chapters of Revelations is a are chapters to the church in the fourth chapter it the church goes up. Remember what the Bible said the door was open the revelations 4 the door was opened in heaven. The voice which I heard come up hither I will show thee things that must be hereafter. So the fourth chapter, the church goes up and it doesn't return until the 19th chapter. And that's after the tribulation period when God calls out all the Jews. And when the church returns in the 19th chapter, notice how the Bible would say whenever the church will return, whenever they whenever Christ walks back on this earth again, they will walk out on what? On the ashes of the wicked. So this is after the tribulation, after after the judgment, after all this that happened upon the earth. So the church is going to go up and then after the tribulation after all this takes place then they'll come back and walk upon this earth again. I thought I thought isn't it something they will they they'll walk out. See before but before that G Jesus will never stand in his corpal body upon the earth until this earth has been purged over. He's not going to take us he's not going to take a step on it. &gt;&gt; That's right. So I thought is it something that in the garden there was he walked on the same ground with man but it was in the past. When Jesus was on the earth he walked on the same ground with man but it was in the past. And then one day there's coming a new Jerusalem. Whenever the Bible said Jesus will stand on Mount Olives again he'll stand on the same ground with man but it's in the future. So you know what that tells me is that you can't walk where he is and he can't walk where you are. You see what I'm saying here? here. He's in heaven in his corporal body. You can't walk up there on the grounds where Jesus sits. And neither will Jesus walk on the grounds that you walk on. So, what that tells me is in order for God and man to meet, then there has to be a common ground. If you can't go to where he Well, you may as well preach with me a minute, but if you can't go to where he is and he can't walk where you are, then where's the common ground? Brother Bam said the believer has a common ground, a place to meet God. He said, "And the believer and God meet together on the common ground of faith." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; See, faith is our common ground. It's what God gave you. It's a common ground between you and God. You may not be able to walk where his corporal body is. He may not be able to walk upon this earth and walk on the fields of this world. He said, "But God gave us a place to be able to meet God. And faith is our common ground between God and man." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well friends, if I told you there was a place to meet God out there under a sycamore tree, you'd knock each other over trying to get to the sycamore tree to bring your petition before God. &gt;&gt; Every time you had trouble, you'd drive out to the to the woods to find the sycamore tree to say, "God, here I am again. Can you help me? I'm in need." &gt;&gt; If he was under a sycamore tree, and that was the grounds where you could meet God, you'd run out there to meet God because it's something you see with your natural eye. But here, brother Bam said, "But we have a common ground to meet God on. It's called faith." Don't you realize what's happening? The heart is being turned to a place of faith that you can be able to meet God wherever you are. You may be on a mountain, but God's in the mountain. You may be in the valley, but God's in the valley. You may be in the belly of a whale in the depths of the ocean, but God is in the whale's belly. &gt;&gt; Wherever you are, there God will be. &gt;&gt; Said it's common ground. Faith allows you to receive the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; It's faith that allows you to receive life. It's faith that allows you to receive deliverance. It's faith that gives you healing. It's faith that allows you to walk with God. But remember said when they left that tree of faith, they lost God. &gt;&gt; Man does not man does not know God by knowledge. He only knows God by faith. It's the only way that man can meet God is on the grounds of faith. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If you believe, Jesus said, "It ain't if you get baptized such and such way, but if thou dost believe." Amen. &gt;&gt; And there's only one sin and that's the sin of unbelief. And each person in here tonight that you're either possessed with faith or you're possessed, my my what a thought. &gt;&gt; You're either possessed with faith. Either faith has a hold on you or you're possessed with unbelief. And your life proves what you are by the life that you live and the things that you do. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Your outward life is an expression, &gt;&gt; amen, &gt;&gt; of what's going on on the inside. &gt;&gt; Who's inhabiting the throne of your heart? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Who's on the throne of our heart? He said it's expressed on the outside. &gt;&gt; If it's either by faith or it's unbelief. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But notice Moses after he received faith, then he stood on the grounds of faith. &gt;&gt; Brother Wesley, that's what took him into Egypt. You realize the grounds of faith was not the burning bush. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You can go to that bush today. They have a monastery built around where they say was the bush or the ancestor of it is still there today. But you'll never find faith at the burning bush. You'll never the grounds of faith wasn't in the halls of Pharaoh where Moses stood and he threw the staff on the ground that would turn into a snake. That that was not where the grounds of faith, but the grounds can just say it. &gt;&gt; The grounds of faith is was everywhere that Moses put his foot. &gt;&gt; You know why? Because faith was inhabiting the throne of his heart. That means when he left the burning bush, brother David Paul, it was the grounds of faith. It didn't matter what wilderness he walked in. It was the grounds of faith. It didn't matter when he came to a Red Sea, he was standing on the grounds of faith. It didn't matter when he came before an enemy that said, "You can't go no farther and you can't pass through these lands." But Moses stood on the grounds of faith. Everywhere the soul of his foot ever step, it was the grounds of faith because faith was inhabiting the heart of a man. &gt;&gt; You can tell when a man gets to this place. Same thing happened with Peter. Can I just preach? Remember what happened with Peter? Peter was the man that Jesus said, "Before the crows, you'll deny me three times." And you notice what Peter done when they came around Peter when he had no faith. They said, "Aren't you one of his disciples?" Whose disciples? You know that Jesus? I don't even know who he is. Yeah, I thought I saw you down there at one of them meetings. You br you you you little Jesus follower. I saw you down there at one of them meetings. It wasn't that you. No, I I ain't one of them. I I don't know them people. Oh, I saw you down there at the dress shop trying on a new dress, trying to look like him. No, it wasn't me. I I ain't one of them. See, he would deny Christ three times. He denied Jesus. But you notice what happened whenever Peter's faith was restored. &gt;&gt; Then the Bible says him and John went down. There was a lame man sitting at the gate and they said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have, I give unto thee in the name of Jesus, &gt;&gt; rise up and walk." A man that would deny even knowing Jesus, now he's walking around saying, "In the name of Jesus, rise up and in the name of Jesus, I give you your healing. In the name of Jesus, you'll find salvation. in the name of Jesus. A man that would deny knowing him. &gt;&gt; Then if they came up said, "How's this man?" They marveled at a man being healed. But you remember what Peter said? He said, "Why you marvel at this? It wasn't by my holiness that this man was made whole. It wasn't by the works that I done that this man was made whole. But let me tell you how the man was made whole is that God sent his son upon the earth and his name was Jesus Christ. And he died for our sins and our healing and by his stripes we received it." Praise God. &gt;&gt; So that's how this man, the same God of Abraham and the God of Isaac and the God of Jacob and the God of our fathers, he has glorified his son Jesus Christ. And you denied him in the presence of Pilate. And you went when when Pilate would have let him go. You denied the Holy One of Israel and you hung him on a cross. I thought, isn't it isn't it something that the man that was known would for denying Jesus was the same man that stood up on Solomon's porch and said, "You denied him and you denied him and you denied him before the presence of Pilate." Something had happened to his faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He was known for denying. But when his when he got &gt;&gt; faith, &gt;&gt; then he went out and said, "You denied him. &gt;&gt; You denied him." I something. You killed the prince of life, but God raised him from the dead. He &gt;&gt; said, "And through faith in his name, he has made this man strong whom you see and know." &gt;&gt; So faith, Peter said, it gave this man perfect soundness because of of faith in Jesus's name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful? Faith in Jesus brought perfect soundness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I don't know about y'all, but that that makes me want to have a runaway. It brings perfect soundness in your presence. This is he said, "Well, where was Peter's source of faith?" Can I tell you where it was? &gt;&gt; Before Peter said, before God has showed by the mouth of all his prophets the things Christ would suffer, he had so fulfilled. &gt;&gt; And that little scripture, you can see where Peter's source come from because he took the scripture and he saw how the scripture had been fulfilled and it gave Peter great faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "But God has already written this in the scripture. Now it's been revealed." See, see, so since it's been fulfilled, that's why that's why Peter had such faith. So the fulfillment of scripture causes faith. It gives you faith to overcome faith overcome fear with with courage, overcome anxiety and depression and worry, even denial. &gt;&gt; Faith can overcome all things. See, that's why we believe this message. It was the purpose of Malachi 4 was to do what? To restore faith. &gt;&gt; Can I preach for a minute? &gt;&gt; It was to restore faith. Now watch in Zechariah 14th chapter the Bible says and it shall come to pass in that day that the light shall not be clear nor dark. Now how many's read this here it's prophesying this day but but he said but it shall be one day which shall be known to the Lord not day nor night but it shall come to pass that at the evening time it shall be light. So here's Zachchariah tells of a day that is coming. It won't be day it won't be night. It won't be or it won't be clear. It won't be dark. said, "But in the evening time, at the ending of the day, there shall be light about the evening time." Brother Bram takes this this very scripture and he shows this as a time period since Jesus's earthly ministry. So he actually takes the full day and shows how that uh that that that the sun always rises in the east and it sets in the west. You see, so if the sun rises in the east and sets in the west, see, watch all things have done that very very same way civilization done it. Anybody ever studied uh uh geography? But civilization traveled with the sun. Since see remember in Eurasia whenever uh they had fertile agricultural land and there they had the the certain kind of crops that could be domesticated. They it was in the the the right river basins. They had the right kind of water. But civilization it moved from the east to the west. Even in the United States they came to the United States. They landed on the east coast and then they had an expansion eastward to rest westward. In the US it was called manifest destiny. remember that they were preaching that it was our destiny to go left and you know a lot of uh crazy things that that happened and all that but but the reality is is that it has always expanded from the east to the west but but said notice he said not only did civilization do that but so has the gospel the gospel started in the east it came all the way across to Germany to the Mediterranean from Germany to the English Channel to England across the Atlantic to the United States from the east coast now it's traveled all the way to the west coast and now the east and west has met again but The same sun that rose in the east is the same sun that set in the west. This is a powerful point. In other words, what that means is if the sun that rose over there is the same son that we see today, he said, "Then what about the sen, the son, the messiah is the one that rose on the eastern people." Whenever Jesus came to the earth 2,000 years ago, the sen, he rose in the east. He said, "And now since the time of Jesus, we've had a long day since his going away of denominations getting together. We we've had enough light just like a gloomy day when the sun is hid by clouds." So he takes this the this word of Zachchariah saying, "It shall not be clear, but it won't be dark." In other words, it's kind of a gloomy day, kind of a a dismal day. There's just there's just enough to get by on. He said, "And since the time of Christ, we've had this we've had this gloomy day when the sun has hit." They've had all kinds of denominations. We built hospitals. We built schools. We built organizations. We've did all these things just exactly the way we were supposed to do it. But Zachchariah promised, but in the evening time it shall be light. Isn't that something? So he said, so the same Jesus in his resurrected power that was rose in the east is the same Jesus that would rise in the west. So if we seen the gospel move from there all the way through this gleam gloomy and this dismal day but then there's going to come a time in the evening. Let me ask you friends, where is the sun in the evening time? It's made its way all the way westward a far as a man could go west before he wound up finding out that the earth wasn't flat. He's going to wind up right back where he started again. And before he ever found that out, he kept going west and kept going west and kept going west. He said, "But the same sun that rose in the east is the same sun that sets in the west. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we done what we were supposed to do. But the same Jesus in his resurrected power will rise again. For he promised it in Malachi 4. He promised it in John 14. He promised in Luke 17. He said, "In the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man." That's why in the evening time, you see, can I get a little bit more? In the evening time, that's why there's more recorded supernatural than than than there ever has been. That's why in the evening time, there's been more recorded miracles. That's why you've seen the supernatural more than and for the past 2,000 years, there's not books of of acts and things that went on in the church. But in the evening time, in this last stage, you see m uh many examples by the thousands of the supernatural. You say, "What's going on?" It's more examples of the display of the power of God. Say what's happening. It's the evening time, which is the resurrected power of Jesus being displayed in this hour. For Jesus said, "In the evening time, there would be light." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; See, but the problem is &gt;&gt; in the days of Jesus with all the power of God manifested before them, they failed to see it as God. &gt;&gt; You notice this said they they saw the works but they failed to see him as God. You know what they called him? Be elabub. &gt;&gt; Remember whenever he healed the blind man at the pool of Salom when he came back they said you didn't do it on the right day. You must be a devil. &gt;&gt; I mean you healed a guy's eyes that didn't have eyes. You put clay in his sockets. They turned to eyeballs, but you must be a devil because you didn't do it on the right day &gt;&gt; to see of all the supernatural that was present before them. But the Pharisees saw it. He said, "Well, it must be a devil." They failed to see it as God. But notice, but around said, "But here we are. We're at a spot now." So if that was when the sun rose and it was the same sun and there was those around the world would fail to see it as God. Then what do you think they're going to do in the evening time when that light shines again? The whole world's going to flock to it and say, "Oh, isn't it God?" &gt;&gt; Well, no. Well, they certainly won't. They'll do the same thing they always did. And in the evening time, when there's light in the evening time, he said, "The Gentiles of that day failed to see it because it was hum in human flesh." He said, "And I wonder if we'll do the same thing that they did. &gt;&gt; I wonder if we'll make the sad mistake that they made and fail to know him &gt;&gt; because he was the word for that age." Oh, friends, let me tell you this. You can make a lot of mistakes in this life, but don't make that mistake. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Don't make the mistake of failing to know him. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, I wonder if we make that sad mistake. Don't me don't make the mistake of failing to recognize him. I wonder how many would say that this morning. I want to know him. I want to know him in spirit. I I want to know him in power. You know, there's a lot of people that think they know him, but the reality is they don't. They know him by tradition. They know him by somebody's testimony. They they know him by church membership. They they they recite a repentance, go down to the water and receive baptism. And after all, if you go through all those rituals, they kind of say it like that. That's what they are. They're rituals. And after you go through all those rituals, then you think you're going to know him. But that ain't what makes you know him. Isn't that what Paul preached when he went to Philippi? He said, "Beware of dogs and evil workers. Beware of the concision." You know what Paul was talking about? Anybody want to know who he was calling dogs? He was talking about those that were telling people the things that they had to do to be saved. &gt;&gt; He said, "Beware of dogs that are among you." Paul called them dogs. People don't like that name no more, but they always want to talk about Jezebel and talk about dogs. But what about this Peter? Paul said, "Beware of dogs and evil workers." You know what he was talking about? He was talking about those that would follow after a law thinking it was going to bring salvation. If I can get you to do this, well, then you'll be saved. I can get you to look this way, then you'll be saved. Then everything will be all right with God. And that's how I know it. If I can just get you to follow. But none of that ever saved a man. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You said, "Well, why would they teach that then?" Because it was a law. &gt;&gt; That's right. It was a it was a law right out of Genesis the 17th chapter whenever God spoke to Moses and he told them to obey the law of circumcision and it would be an identification of who was the children of God if they would be circumcised on the eighth day. &gt;&gt; It was a law of God. But whenever Paul began to preach about it, he said even though who it was, he said, "Look out for those dogs." Can I tell you? Can I read this out of an amplified Bible? &gt;&gt; I'm not trying to hurt feelings. I'm just trying to preach. Look out for those dogs, those Judaizers and legalists. &gt;&gt; Look out for those mischief makers. He called legalist mischief makers. &gt;&gt; Look out for those who mutilate the flesh &gt;&gt; because they were bound by the legalism of the law thinking that it was going to somehow bring salvation. &gt;&gt; He said, "But we as Christians, we are the true circumcision who worship God in spirit by the spirit of God. We exalt and glory and pride oursel in Jesus Christ. We put no confidence in our work." Somebody say, "No confidence. We put no confidence in our works. We don't depend on our flesh or our outward or physical advantage or external appearance. We put no confidence in those things. &gt;&gt; And then Paul goes to say, if anybody could, I could. Because nobody lived like Paul lived. &gt;&gt; He said, if anybody, he said, as for myself, at least I have grounds. Isn't this something? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; At least I have grounds to meet God on. Listen what Paul was saying. At least in my own self, at least I would have had grounds to meet God, to rely upon my flesh, because no man's ever done in his flesh like I did. Wouldn't I have the grounds to rely on my flesh? He said, if any man considers that he's done something or seems to have reason to rely on his flesh and his physical outward, he said, I have more than he does. Can I just read it? He said, I was circumcised when I was 8 days old. I'm of the race of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin. I'm a Hebrew. I'm the son of a Hebrew. As to observing the law, I was of the party of Pharisees. I observed the law day and night from my birth. As to my zeal, I was a persecutor of the church, and by the law standard, I was righteous. I was proven to be blameless, and no fault was found in me. I obeyed the law to a tea. I followed the law to a tea. I even persecuted the church according to the law. In other words, my zeal, I'd take people's life. I had such a zeal, I'd cut them down if they had even o disobeyed the law of God. I set them straight. &gt;&gt; Nobody lived like Paul lived. &gt;&gt; He said, "Look, if anybody had grounds to rely on his flesh, I have grounds to rely on my flesh. If anybody does, no man has as much as me." He said, "But all those things which could have been a gain to me. Look at how I'm living, &gt;&gt; man. I It's a little quiet. &gt;&gt; Look at how I'm living. Ain't I doing so good? Ain't I an example to everybody else?" He says, "All those things which could have been a gain to me, I counted them all a loss." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; For Christ Jesus, &gt;&gt; for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and I do count them but dung &gt;&gt; that I may win Christ. &gt;&gt; It ain't nothing but dung. It's all dung &gt;&gt; that I may win Christ. Paul had one purpose on his heart. It was that Jesus Christ would inhabit the throne of a man's heart. &gt;&gt; Cuz Paul knew something that people don't know today. He knew that if Jesus Christ ever got on the throne of a man's heart that he would take control of a man's life and you wouldn't have to control it any longer. That he would be on the he would be in the control tower. He would tell that man where to walk and he would tell that man how to step and how to live and how to dress and how to act and you wouldn't have to do it because Jesus Christ was inhabited in the throne of his heart. &gt;&gt; This is the message of Apostle Paul, the messenger to the gentile church. The apostle that brought the gospel to the Gentiles. He said, "If a man could ever get God on the throne of his heart, you don't have to rule over that man cuz he'll have a ruler and his name is Jesus Christ." &gt;&gt; That's the message of the hour. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Follow the letter to a tea. &gt;&gt; Brother said, "I hope we don't make the sad mistake that they did. Failed to know him." &gt;&gt; They follow the letter of the law to a tea, but they failed to know him. Friends, I don't know about you, but I don't want to know God like that. &gt;&gt; I want to know him in the fellowship. Paul said, in the fellowship of his suffering. &gt;&gt; I want to suffer the cause for Christ. I want to count all these things as as dung, all this stuff that I I've done to try to make myself look like somebody, look like a good church member. Let me just cast all that garbage aside and just get to a place where my heart can be open to have fellowship with God. Let me have communion with God. Let me walk with him and him walk with me. Friends, if you want to help somebody, that's the way you help them. Help them get to a place where God can inhabit the throne of their heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Get to a place where the Holy Ghost can rule over their life. Paul said, "I count it. I want to know him in fellowship, even unto my death. Let me suffer the cause of Christ. I want to know him in the power of his resurrection." He said, 'I want to be found in him, not having my own righteousness which is of the law, but I want to be found with righteousness which is through faith of Jesus Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith that I may know him and the power of his resurrection. You hear what Paul said? &gt;&gt; You hear what he said? How many accepts Paul as a messenger? &gt;&gt; How many accepts him this word as an authority over your life? &gt;&gt; Re said, don't don't rebuke it now. Embrace it. He &gt;&gt; said, "I don't want to know him by the law which or the right I don't want to have righteousness of my own by the law, but which is of faith through Christ. The righteousness which is of God by faith that I may know him." Paul tells us that the only way to know him and experience the power of his resurrection is to know God through faith of Christ. &gt;&gt; Not through faith in our law or our own righteousness, but it's through faith in Christ. He said, "And the fellowship of his servants, be conformable to his death." I wonder, but man said, "I wonder if we'll make the sad mistake they did and fail to know him. Follow the letter of the law." Can you imagine living your whole life and living a a legalistic life and following the letter of a law to a tea, but you fail to know him. &gt;&gt; You fail to have the heart that God had. You fail to have the heart that the prophet had whenever he was a prophet and he put things on tape because he was a prophet and he had that's why he preached for two hours. He said, "Well, I got to lay this on tape." It wasn't so all of us go copy after him because he said that wasn't the most effective way to evangelize. But but but he done it to lay it on tape, but we would have the food, spiritual food in due season. &gt;&gt; Said he was he was a prophet of God. He laid that on tape. He said, "But but but in order to know him, what we don't we want we don't want to know him by law. We don't want to know him by taking that and and and make it taking some legalistic view of of the message and trying to hold it over people's life." He said, "What good would it do I to know him that way?" Don't make a mistake like they did and fail to know him. &gt;&gt; But I want to know him. &gt;&gt; I want my heart to be turned that I wonder how many you young people would say that this morning. I want my heart to be open that Christ can sit on the throne of my heart. I want him to to have the control. You realize it's a Bible promise. The Bible said, "But in that day it shall be known to the Lord, not day nor night, but it shall come to pass that at the evening time it shall be light." &gt;&gt; Can I take Can I have just a minute? It's a Somebody slap the person next to you and tell them, give them just another minute just to keep them all awake. In the evening time, it shall be light. Let me let me show you something. You know, this day that G that the Bible was talking about, Zechariah was talking about, Brother Cody, this day is not speaking of the millennium. It's not speaking of of the new Jerusalem. It ain't speaking of heaven. Then why why would it be talking about I've heard people say that. Well, in the evening time it shall be light. Well, that's whenever Jesus is going to come down on the earth. Well, that don't even make any sense because the Bible said the new Jerusalem, it that city would not even need light because the lamb would be the light of the city. It wouldn't need a sun. It wouldn't need a moon. So, it couldn't have been talking about the new Jerusalem. He said, "But the evening time, in that day, the evening time, it shall be light." About the evening time, you say, "What was it?" See, if you look at the church from the time of Jesus until now, you realize that this was one long day down through time and and brother said, "See, but in the evening time, this long day, it shall be light." Well, what is light? Light is a revelation. So, it's the in the evening time there would come an evening time revelation that would reveal the word of God to to do what? The revealing of the word is what would put faith in the hearts. It's what would turn our hearts back to God and put faith back in our heart again. says, "See, so the evening time, he promised he would reveal he would open the seven seals and show the churches what they missed back there." So, you know what that tells me? It tells me that the evening time is a time of faith. It's a time of revelation. It It's a time of rejoicing. It's a time of jubilee. The evening time, Brother Brian, it's a time of revival. It's a It's a time of the church being established again. It's a time that the power of God would come back to the church of the living God. It's a time of jubilee. It's a It's a time of freedom. It's a time of rejuvenation. It it's a time of the church being restored back in power. And this evening light is what opens the eyes of the blind church that's been blind through this dismal day that's been blind through this gloomy day. And let me tell you what happens when the eyes of the church opens. It causes a steering among the church of the living God. You say, "What brought the message or the revival in the message of the hour?" It's because the eyes of the blind have become open and there's a steering in their heart. Can I say this? Every time the eyes of one is open, it always brings a revival. When the word of God is revealed to a human heart, it puts a revival in there. That's how I know if God's word's been open to a person's heart or not, cuz there's a revival in there. If their heart's been if the word has been revealed. Every time the word's revealed, it puts revival. You remember the two men on the road to Emmas? They were walking along. What a sad day it is. Why? It had been a long dark or a long gloomy and dismal day. What a sad day it is for the Messiah has done gone. And that Jesus said, "We follow." They hung him on a cross. What a gloomy day that it was. But then Jesus stepped out of the the wayside, he said, "What manner of communications are these?" And the Bible says as they walked along, you know what they said to him? They said, "Well, it's about the evening time, so why don't you abide with us?" And the Bible said, "So at the evening time, he went and he sat down at their table and he began to talk to them. And the Bible said he expounded to them from the book of Moses how the things must be, how it would come to this place. And when he sat down at the table, he broke open bread. And the Bible said when he broke open the bread, their eyes became open. Well, you know what it done? It put a revival in their heart. They went dancing down the road looking for somebody to tell. There's light in the evening time. We had a long day. It was a dismal day. It was a gloomy day. But in the evening time, my eyes was open to the revealing of the word of God and I saw him in the power of his resurrection. &gt;&gt; It opened the eyes and it started revival. &gt;&gt; See, so if there's a light in the evening time, but let me ask you this. What's the rest of the day look like? used to break bread. That's how I recognized it was him. He discerned her heart like he discerned the woman at the well. That's how I recognized it to be him. He healed them like he healed them down there at the pool of Bethesda. And he opened the eyes of the blind. That's how I recognized it to be him. And I looked past the flesh of a man and I saw the God that was in the heart of the the throne of the heart of a man and I saw God moving in human flesh. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You see, I saw him again. The revelation of the message. You see what it is? It's the light of the age. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; It was the opening of the word became the light of the age. The breaking of bread. That's why when brother B went through and he began to show us who we are and show it, something struck your heart. It was what is it? It was a revelation. You know, nobody can teach you that. You can teach, you can memorize every bit of that and never do you a lick of good. You You can have the best theologian in the world. It'll never do you a lick of good. All it takes a still it takes a still small voice to open the heart of a person say that is me &gt;&gt; to accept that and say that ain't nothing but the truth like Hattie Wright did. What made her say that? It was something in her &gt;&gt; that identified who she was. &gt;&gt; See, so the revelation of the message that lights the pathway to redemption. Isn't that what brother Bam said? He said the purpose of the message was what? Redemption. &gt;&gt; The purpose of the message was redemption. So in other words, the revelation of the message, it's what lights the path &gt;&gt; for you to find redemption. &gt;&gt; It's lighting our path. You know, in other words, it's our it's what lights the path for you to find grace. It's where you find healing. It's where you find salvation. It's what you turn to when you're lost. It's where you go when you're afraid and you need an answer. That's where you run to. It's the place that you cast your burdens. Don't worry. I know what people say. Well, brother, I'll tell you why. That all those things you should do to Christ. Well, that's that's good, Mr. Denomination. But where is he? I'll cast my burdens on Christ. Well, good. Where is he? I I'll just run to Christ. That's good. Where is he? I'll I I I'll just lay at at the at the foot of the cross. Good. Where is the foot of the cross? &gt;&gt; Where is Christ? The Bible says the word was God and the word and and the word became flesh &gt;&gt; and dwelt among us. You want me tell you where he is? He is his word. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So the revealing of the word is the only place you'll ever find Christ is in the word. You see why this message is important? It ain't running out in the woods somewhere and finding some magical place and looking for this great spirit. God, it's by the word that you will find Christ. By the preaching of the word, it's by hearing of the word of God. That's the only thing that'll ever turn your heart. That's the only thing that will ever open that throne room to allow God to come in. That's the only thing that'll ever fulfill Ephesians 1:18 that the eyes of your heart would be open. It would take a revealing of the word of God &gt;&gt; or the message of the hour. Where is God? It's Christ in his word today. &gt;&gt; It's God's provided way of redemption. You realize faith in God's word. It becomes a pathway to redemption. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is what the Bible said. In the evening time there shall be light. &gt;&gt; Can I as a music players want to come? In the evening time there shall be light. &gt;&gt; Genesis 3 and8 the Bible says and they heard the voice. You ever noticed this? When it was and they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day. &gt;&gt; You know how many knows when the cool of the day was in the in the Hebrew? I always thought this was quite a paradox that in the garden of Eden there was a cool of the day but it had this perfect temperature but just something I think like but in the cool of the day in the evening time over in the eastern at the end of the day in those hot deserts and summers and then in the evening time the the wind would come through and and it would kind of blow across there and the temperature would drop about 15 20 degrees and then people sit out and enjoy and have communion and fellowship. This is when God would come and have fellowship with Adam in the evening time, in the cool of the day, in that evening breeze. The Bible says Adam and Eve, they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day. You realize the Bible said after they heard that, they went and they hid themselves. They were so afraid many days that they had heard the voice of God walking in the cool of the day. But this day something had changed. See, because it had been a long day, Brother Brian, the Bible said, "The day you eat that of that tree, you shall surely die." Remember what Satan came and told Eve? No, that the day you eat of this tree, you'll know like God knows. &gt;&gt; It had been a long day. The serpent had begiled Eve. She took the that what she had received of the serpent and she took it to Adam. There had been this great fall. Abraham says, "See what happened? Now think they they recognized their sin and now it was a cloudy day." They never had a cloudy day. They never had a gloomy day. But in that day, it was a long day. all the trial and all the sin and all the condemnation that was in their life because of their fall. It was so much that whenever they heard God after all the maybe a million years that God had walked in that garden, maybe a billion years, I don't know, that God had walked in the garden with them day after day after day. But this day, Brother Wesley, at the end of all this, they hid from God. It was a gloomy day. The sin had caused them to to hide. But remember said, "See, think of it. That's the way it is with us." At the end of that gloomy day, the church had failed. They had failed to meet God. They they read about the book of Acts, but because they couldn't manifer or produce it, they said, "Well, it had to be for some other day." They just gave up that it was even their promise because nobody in their church could lay hands on the sick and they were covered. No, they hadn't seen miracles performed. So it must not even be for this age anymore. So they put it back in another day. Just a gloomy day. Condemnation keeping them from being able to receive the promises of God. They gone they gotten so far. He said, "But in that in that day, Adam in the Garden of Eden," he said, "See, when he first sinned, God had a way of redemption for him." Can I read this to you? &gt;&gt; He said, "God had a way of redemption for him right quick." &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful? In the same day that he was supposed to die, in the same day that he sinned, he said, "But God had a way of redemption for him right quick." &gt;&gt; Just as soon as he sinned, God made a way of redemption. He said, "And Adam, before he could ever approach back to fellowship with the father, God had to slay an innocent lamb or a sheep to make him a cloth to go around him." He said, "But when God done it, he threw out a welcome carpet for Adam to walk back on the carpet of redemption back into the presence of God again." My is that powerful this morning. You notice what God was doing? He was making a way that Adam, he he threw out a welcome carpet. He threw a carpet. Oh, friends, there there's all kinds of carpet you could walk on. I I know the wealth and the fame, they want to walk down a red carpet. But friends, if there's ever a red carpet you could walk on this morning, it's the red carpet of redemption that God has thrown out &gt;&gt; in the evening time in the end of the day whenever death was supposed to strike his life. But right in the cool of the evening, God showed up and he laid out a carpet of redemption and said, "Adam, I'm giving you a way to walk back into fellowship with God." What was it? It was grounds to meet God on. &gt;&gt; In the evening time, there shall be light. that God would come down and slay a lamb. He said he could come back in the presence of God again. God's always had a plan of redemption. It's through the blood. Ever since there was in the very beginning, the dawn of time and perceived in the mind of God before the world would ever come to existence. Adam and Eve there, our first father and mother, they started to walk out of the garden and this old cloudy sin hanging over their brows, clouds of darkness hanging around them. They had received their word of their eternal destination. What a gloomy day that it was. They walked out with these bloody sheep skkins around them. He said, "But thank God they had some little ray of hope." Ain't that powerful? In the middle of this gloomy day, in the this long, dismal and gloomy day when it looked like all hope was lost, he said, "But they had a little ray of hope." And that hope was the word that God had spoke over them. They heard the word of God in the garden. He said, "But I, thy seed will put his foot. I will bring enmity between your seat and the serpent seat. He will stand. His foot shall be upon his head. See, they had a promise of the word of God. Even in the middle of their sin, in the middle of their gloom, their little ray of hope was a promise that God had made that in the evening time there shall be light. &gt;&gt; There coming a day when your sheep will rule over that serpent. The one that took you down, the one that begiled you, the one that ruled over you. But their ray of hope was a promise of the word of God &gt;&gt; that one day I'll put him in his place. &gt;&gt; Now, don't you realize friends that ray of hope of the day of Jesus or in the day of Adam, it was a ray of hope. But when it come to the end of this great day, it's not just a ray of light. It's a great light that has been open to us. The devil has been exposed and power has been returned to the church of the living God. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? He said at the very beginning, he said, you think about it. People quote Psalms, they say, "Though I walk through the the the dark valleys of the shadow of death." He said, "That ain't the way the Bible reads. It ain't a dark valley. It's just a valley &gt;&gt; of the shadow of death." He said, "It ain't dark at all. Matter of fact, even in death, there's still light." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Said, "How can there be a shadow if there is no light?" There's no shadow in darkness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "So, even the own scripture proves that the worst that could happen was death, but even in death, there's still light. Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful? And through the valley of the shadow of death, he said there never there never has been from the very beginning. It never had been complete darkness. It was a shadow since God said, "Let there be light." Isn't that powerful? Since the time God said, "Let there be light." There has never been total darkness. Isn't that wonderful? There's never been total darkness. There's always been a little bit of dismal, a little ray of hope. I wonder how many in this day can see the light of God. Maybe you raise your hand, say, "Brother man, I I've seen that great light as it's shined upon the word of God." &gt;&gt; And you know what it does every time we come in the house of God. You realize that's the atmosphere that you're standing in this morning. It's the presence of that great light. &gt;&gt; Come on, Gahhesa. You don't have to see it with your natural eye. &gt;&gt; We're not a bunch of lukewarm church members. We're believers. You said you believers. &gt;&gt; Amen. See, see, so when we come together, he said that same pillar of fire is here this morning. And he's discerning the hearts of the church, &gt;&gt; discerning the thoughts and the intents of our heart. And God come this morning, every time we come in the house of God, and he takes his word and he begins to speak to our heart. What is he doing? He's trying to bring us further down the road. He's trying to give us a little bit more revelation. He's trying to bring us closer to God that we could receive all the promises of God. This was Paul's prayer. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Lord, let us let the eyes of our heart be open. &gt;&gt; Lord, let there be a let there be an established government in the throne of my heart that it would rule over my life that I don't have to worry about all the things of this flesh. It'll just take such control over me that it'll take care of itself. &gt;&gt; Friends, as a pastor, let me tell you, that's the only thing that will ever bring anybody where they need to be with God. That's the only thing &gt;&gt; that'll bring you a liberty. You can serve God. And even when you're going through trials, that's the reason why that you don't have to live with a condemned heart because Satan comes and tricks you and traps you and puts you all kinds of trouble. But you know what a believer does when you get in a trap? Then you go you turn around and he said you immediately you just turn around and say, "God, I'm sorry. I I didn't mean to do that. I didn't I didn't mean to act out like that. I I didn't mean to say that." Said because you're a believer and there's something else on the control of your heart. It don't mean that. That's how you don't live in condemnation. You can live in the liberty of the word that we still have a flesh and it fails sometimes. Sometimes we get ahead of oursel. Come on, Moses. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we get ahead of oursel. We take things matters into our own hands. &gt;&gt; Said, but just let God &gt;&gt; have his way. &gt;&gt; Let God lead us. I wonder how many this morning could say, "Brother man, I still got room to grow. I lift my hands. I've still got room to grow. I I'm not where I need to. I've got room to grow. Lord, I pray that you'll give me the I pray I can give the same mercy and grace that I need from you. &gt;&gt; Let me give that to others. Let Let my testimony be a testimony of of showing grace and mercy. Let me find somebody in a fault. Let me let me go into prayer and interceding for them. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let me have it on my heart. A ray of hope. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a a thought Lord this morning that's just dropped in our hearts God that even in the evening time Lord at the end of this great day Lord when revelation would would be so lack in the among the churches today. But God, here you gave us this great message, Lord, that would open our eyes to the truth of the resurrection, Lord, that we could see it as a witness, Lord. We're so thankful, Lord, to be a people, Lord, that has recognized that, God, that you've turned our hearts today, Lord, hear the every hand almost in the building, Lord, that's been raised, Lord, that would testify that our heart has been turned. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for a revelation in this hour. I ask you that something may have been said, Lord, that would be a help to somebody, Lord. May we may we just rejoice in thy word, Lord. May there be strength that would come to every believer, Lord. Every trial, everything that we face, Lord. May we retreat to the word of God to find the answer. Lord, may you be a restore of faith. We thank you for it now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Will I say, "Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you." Will I say, "Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. To see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Yes, I want to see you. I say, open the eyes of my heart. Yes, my Lord. I want to see you. Yes, I want to see you. To see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory. So pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy. I sing holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. Amen. Can we give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? How many say that's my prayer Lord let my heart be open to the fullness of the word of God. making me cry if a D maybe I love you Lord for your mercy never fails me and all my days I've been held in your hand from the moment that I wake up till I lay my head I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You're close like no other. I've known you as a father, known you as a friend, and I have lived in the goodness of God. So I say all my life, Lord, you have been faithful. [Music] You've been so good with every breath that I am able. Well, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness. Has he been faithful to you? Can you sing it to him? And I say all my life, Lord, you have been faithful. Lord, you've been so so good with every day. I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Well, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing. Might that powerful lyric? With every breath that I am able, I will sing of God's goodness. The Bible said, "Let everything that has a breath praise ye the Lord." How many say, "Praise the Lord this morning." Isn't his word good? Isn't he good to us? And brother David, he wouldn't even leave you in darkness, but in the evening time, he would shed the light of his word upon you. And that little ray of hope turned into a grave. There was one time in your life that's all you had was a little ray of hope of a little scripture that your mama told you when you was a little boy. But then there come a time in your life when that ray of hope turned into a great beam that opened up in your heart. Begin to reveal the word of God. Now you can stand on your own two feet. I don't have to follow you around and be your Holy Ghost. I don't have to go to your house and and fix everything in your house. I I don't have to walk around and try to correct everything about your life. There's something on the inside of you that's leading and guiding you. &gt;&gt; That ray of hope was turned into a great light. &gt;&gt; That's what we need this morning. I pray you find it. &gt;&gt; I pray you find a revelation to go with it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't his word wonderful? &gt;&gt; Amen. Children of God, my powerful that God has given us a great love. You love the Lord this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many's been going through some trials? It's okay. Be honest. Let everybody else know. Then we know who to pray for. Everybody pray for everybody else. &gt;&gt; Just go ahead and look around. Everybody pray for everybody else. I mean, every one of us, every day, I I I said things I shouldn't have said. I done things I shouldn't do. I think things I shouldn't think. Anybody else ever feel that way? &gt;&gt; But you know what? I find myself every evening, Lord, forgive me. I I got a little ahead of myself. Lord, I got a little ahead of you. I I shouldn't have acted that way. I I that ain't that ain't the nature of Christ. Lord, help me. &gt;&gt; That's the way we ought to be. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Can we sing the key of D just as we go? Uh yeah. Key of D. Well, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I won't you just go around, shake somebody's hand this morning. Say, "It's going to be all right." be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Be all right. [Music] Will God send Moses to lead all his people out? But Pharaoh's heart was hard. He thought he'd give him a new round [Music] out over the sea. But the Lord answered Moses with a little gentle breeze. I can see Moses now with a smile on his face telling all the people with his gentle grace. I' got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling it's everything will be all right. Be all right. Be all right. It's going to be all right. You know, well, a little boy named went out the pot of time. And everybody laughed. It's such a cutie little sign. armed only with a sling and beside mighty Eli seems such a puny little thing. But David said, "You come to me with spear and a sword. But I come to you in the name of the Lord." He put in a stone and he gave it a flame. And when he left his hand, David, he began to sing. Well, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got this feeling everything will be all right. Oh, I I've got a feeling that everything's going to be all right. Be all right. Going to be all right. be all right. Well, now for the greatest story of them all. My Jesus was a dying and hell had them all. All the demons were rejoicing. They thought they'd won the war. But soon they would not be laughing anymore. On that first Easter morning, when the sun woke up the earth and the caverns of the deep opened up to give birth to a resurrected savior with healing in his wings and now the host of children can rise and sing. Yes, I I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got this feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything'll be all right. Be all right. Be all right. [Music] But now for the great story of them all that Jesus was a dying hole. The demons were rejoicing. They thought they won the war. But soon they would not be laughing anymore. Come on that Easter morning when the sun goes up to earth in the caverns of the deep open up to you and a resurrected savior with healing in his wings. He brought the light back to the world and now we can sing and I' got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got this feeling everything will be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Be all right. It'll be all right. Be all right. be all right. [Music] There's a happy land of promise over in the great beyond where the saved of earth will soon glory share and where the souls of men will enter to live forever more. And everybody will be happy over there. And I think everybody will be happy. We'll be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praises. We'll be happy over there. Well, there's a happy land. [Music] Glory, glory to the lamb. I said they're going to be happy. Well, everybody will be happy. We'll be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praises, everybody. We'll be happy over there when I say everybody will be happy. We'll be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody, we make happy over
