################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-14 - Bro. Andrew Glover  Overcoming By Holding Fast To Our Profession  8-13-25 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-14
Title:   Bro. Andrew Glover | Overcoming By Holding Fast To Our Profession | 8-13-25
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBd9SeVyuLo
========================================

Heat. Heat. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Oh, let's all stand and sing that part again. Just welcome him now. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Lord, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Oh, and live inside of me. You're the living water. Oh, for you're the living water. Oh my never dying fountain, my comforter encounter. Come and take complete control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit for we are in your presence. Lord, fill us with your power. Oh, if you want to make them welcome, sing it to him again now. Oh, and welcome, Holy Spirit. your presence. &gt;&gt; Oh, fill us with your power. Come and live inside of your living water. Oh, for you're the living water. Oh, my never drying fountain. You're my comforter, my counselor. Oh, take complete control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. For we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. All is that your prayer this evening that he would just come this live in these mortal clays of bodies of flesh that he would live through us. We would be Jesus Christ to the world around us. Is certainly good to be in the house of the Lord with each and every one of you. It's good to see all of our young people back from camp. I know they had a great time. We just come with an expectation. We got our brother Andrew here this evening. Just ready to pour out a word for us. Remember our pastor and his wife is there on vacation. Just keep them in prayer. Also, just a quick announcement. Brother Matthew McI will be passing through this Sunday. So, we'll just have him minister to us on Sunday. So, just looking forward to that. Brother Brian, will you open the service in a word of prayer this evening? Father, Father God, that your Lord God Father God, every Lord special as he delivers the word of truth to us. Father, we come and I know that we are ask. Oh, and praise him. Let's praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Yes, praise him. Oh, praise him when the sun. Oh, let's praise him now. Yes, I will praise him. Yes, praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Let's praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, I will love him. Yes. Love him. I'll love him in the morning. Love him in the new time. Love him. I'll love him. I'll love him till the sun goes down. Oh, and trust him. I'll trust him. I'll trust him in the morning. Trust him in the new time. Trust him. Yes. Trust him. I'll trust him till the sun goes down. Let's serve him now. I will serve him. Yes. Serve him. I'll serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Yes. Serve him. I'll serve him till the sun. Oh, let's praise him now. And I will praise him. Yes. Praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Yes. Praise him. Oh, why don't you turn around, shake your neighbor's hand. Welcome to the house of the Lord tonight. Oh, I will praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him till the sun. Oh, just sing it once more. Oh, let's praise him. Let's praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Yes, praise him. I'll praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this evening. You may have your seats. How many you came to worship him tonight? Well, once like a bird in prison, I dwelt. Oh, no. Freedom from my sorrow I felt. But then Jesus came and he listened to me. And glory to God, he set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of risen for me. And I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see. For glory to God, he set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher each day. Oh, darkness of night has drifted away. Oh, my feet all planted on higher ground. And glory to God, I'm home. We're found because he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of prison for me. And I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, goodbye to sin and things that confound. For not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working and I'm praying to. And glory to God, I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of risen for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. For glory to God. Oh, sing the chorus again. Now I'm singing. He set me free as he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond a prison for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, if you're free tonight, I want you to give him a hand clap of praise this evening. I've been changed. I've been reborn. Oh yes. I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Well, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes since the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. And though my sins were as scarlet, they're wide as stone. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn out. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. And when at last in his presence I stand above, he will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, and I'll thank him for giving a wretch like me a new home beyond the skies. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Oh, sing that second verse again. You see, my sins were as scarlet. They're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind. Praise God, I can see. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, I'll sing the chorus once more. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Oh, and he's all over me. And he's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. He is keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me. And he's keeping me alive. My Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, and it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. Yes, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh my Jesus is keeping me alive. It's that Holy Ghost and it's that Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Yes, it's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. It's that Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. My Jesus. Oh, I like this one. Oh, that old devil doesn't like it, but it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. That old devil doesn't like, but it's keeping me alive. My Jesus. Oh, let's all stand as the brothers come for the offering. Oh yes, he's all over me and is keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. Yes, he's all over me and he's keeping me alive. My Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, aren't you thankful for that this evening? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. For the tribes, will you pray over the offering? While I was praying, somebody touch me. Oh, while I was praying, somebody touch me. While I was praying, somebody touch me. It must have been the hand. I'm singing. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand. Oh, while I was singing. Oh, and while I was singing, somebody touched me. While I was singing, somebody touched me. Oh, while I was singing, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand I'm singing. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, and while the preach was preaching, somebody touched me. While the bridge was preaching, somebody touched me. While the bridge was preaching, somebody touch me. It must have been Sister Destiny. If you bring your song, I'm singing glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this evening. If you came with an expectation, you won't be disappointed tonight. Agnes of night closed off the light. My heart sank in fear. Oh, and my desperate cry. It rang out and fried. And all I could see was no hope inside. With faith all but gone, I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. Oh, and he made a way when there was no way that I could see. Oh, when I drifted far, Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fear. Now I'm saved from all harm. As I met the one who came looking for me. Oh, Satan had already he picked out my grave. His plan had moved forward just to put me away. Oh, I drifted so far. Would anyone care that I'd soon be lost? Oh, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Jesus appeared and said, "This old boy's mine. Now I'm saved from all harm." Cuz I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. Oh, and he made a way when there was no way that I could see. Oh, when I drifted for Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fear. I'm safe from all harm cuz he walked the storm and came looking for me. Oh, Satan had already he picked out my grave. His plan had moved forward just to put us away. We drifted so far. Would anyone care that I'd soon be lost? Oh, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. But Jesus appeared and said, "This old bride's mine. Now we're saved from all harm. Cuz we met the one who came looking for me." Oh, he came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. Oh, when he made a way when there was no way that I could see. Oh, I drifted so far. Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fear. I'm safe from all harm cuz I met the one who came looking for me. Now I'm safe from harm. Cuz he walked the storm and came looking for me. &gt;&gt; Man, you love the Lord this morning or this evening. Amen. This world may press me down and change my glad to sad. Well, God didn't say my life would be easy always. So if you knock me down, I'm never going to wear a frown. I'll keep my hand in the master's head. And one day it all will come to an end. They going to rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Rise above it all. Going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. And I rise above it all. This world is so full of evil. And the enemy is all around that old Satan has tried so very very hard trying to hold trying to hold me down. But I've got something within me to help me, baby, through that old grave. Oh, and when it gets rough, and when it gets tough, well, I'm not going to worry anymore. Well, I'm going to rise. We'll rise above it all. I'm going to rise. We'll rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings. Fly away to heaven and I'll rise above it all. This world is so full of evil. And the enemy is all around. that old Satan. He has tried so very very hard trying to hold trying to hold me down. But I've got something within me to heavy make it through the grave. And when he gets rough and when he gets tough, well, I'm not going to worry anymore. Well, I'm going to rise. We'll rise above it all. I'm going to rise. We'll rise above it all. Going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven and I rise above it all. And if you miss me from serving down here, well, don't you worry about me. You see, I'm going to a place where there'll be no more pain. I'm going to shout hallelujah. I'm going to praise God's holy name. I'm going to rise. Well, rise above it all. I'm going to rise. We'll rise above it all. Going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. And I rise above it all. And if you miss me from serving down here, well, don't you worry about me. You see, I'm going to a place where there be no more pain. I'm going to shout hallelujah. I'm going to praise God's holy name. I'm going to rise. Well, rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Rise above it all. Want to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. Rise above it all. &gt;&gt; Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this evening. Are you going to rise tonight? Let's all stand. I'll fly away some glad morning. Oh, and some glad morning. Oh, when this life is over, I will fly away. Oh, into a home on God's celestial shore. Yes, I will fly away. I'm singing out. Oh, fly away. Oh, glory. We'll fly away. Oh, and when I die, hallelujah by and by. Yes, I Oh, fly away. Oh, and when the shadows, oh, of this life have broke, I will fly away. Oh, and like a bird from prison, Mars has flown. Yes, I will fly away. I'm singing how fly away. Oh glory I will fly away. Oh and when I die. Hallelujah. By and am I. Oh I Oh I've got good news tonight because it's just a few more. Oh, weary days. And then I Oh, fly away. And it's to a land where joy shall never end. Oh, I will fly away. I'm singing. Oh, fly away. Oh, glory. I going to fly away. Oh, and when I die, hallelujah, by him I sing that last verse once more. Oh, and it's just a few more. Oh, weary days and then I'm going to fly away. Oh, and to a land where joy shall never end. Oh, I'll sing it to him now. I'm singing. my way. Oh, when I die, hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly. Oh, let's sing it again. I'll fly away, oh, how many believes that tonight? Fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. Bye bye. I fly away. Well, how many can give him a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. How many can testify? Amen. One of these mornings there's going to be a cold sweep come over our bodies. &gt;&gt; Amen. And in just a few moments, the old is going to become young. &gt;&gt; Amen. The dead in Christ are going to rise first. Amen. The the devil knows there's nothing he can do to stop it. Amen. There's been a prophet among this generation and he's already told us the rapture is already in motion. Amen. And you can't stop it now. I'm thankful tonight to be gathered in the house of God with believers of God that know the power of God and have experienced that power. And Amen. I know it's a Wednesday evening tonight, but Amen. That that song service, my wasn't that powerful. Amen. How many can give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. These these musicians playing, the power of God moving. Amen. Amen. I know it's a it's a Wednesday evening and amen I know you've been fighting devils all day just to get in the house of God but here you are and the power of God is here and I believe the Lord has something good in store amen for those that love him and amen we want to bring a greetings this evening from brother Wayne there in the church in the camp this week we thank you all for your prayers and your support and amen so many of our our believers our folks are up there with us and amen the church just u there and we thank the Lord for those meetings amen there's one thing about it. You can't uh you can't live in a camp meeting atmosphere all the time. But we sure appreciate the atmosphere. Amen. And the beautiful thing about it is it's not still in Ohio. We brought it right back here home with us tonight. And the same God that was up there is right here tonight. And he's still saving, still healing, still delivering. Everything his word promised he would do, he's still doing it. And we thank the Lord. Many, many testimonies and many miraculous things and healings and deliverances and Amen. We uh we just thank the Lord for that tonight. want to also uh greet you tonight on behalf of our pastor, brother Matt there. Uh I know he'll be back home Sunday morning. So uh we we pray the Lord be with him and sister Sarah. I think they're out there and with Sister Sandy and her family for a few days. And of course, if you all know Matt, he's always on the mission field. So, Amen. We know he's out there witnessing about the the things of God and enjoying some time with them. So, we pray the Lord just give him a wonderful time there and a a good trip back home. And maybe tonight we just bow our hearts with a word of prayer. I know there's many needs among us. We want to remember Sister Lillian tonight in prayer. Also remember Sister Sophie in prayer. And Amen. I know the Lord's here tonight. Maybe you have a special need upon your heart tonight. Something you just like to make it known by the lifting of your hand. I know God sees that hand and he knows the need. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we gather here on this Wednesday evening, we're very grateful for your presence, Lord. We don't ever want your presence to become common to us. Lord, we're thankful for the faith that's in our hearts tonight, Lord, to love you and to live for you. Lord, we want to take this moment tonight and just thank you for the place that you've given us, Father, Lord, together with believers of like precious faith. Lord, we're so thankful for a place that we can come and Lord, we can pull up to the table as it were and we can, Lord, rub shoulders with believers, Lord, and we can, Lord, express ourselves in your presence and we, Father, can feed upon your word and worship you without our guard up, Lord. Just a a clean atmosphere, Lord, where the power of God can move. We want to thank you for it tonight, Lord. We have come here tonight to serve you and to serve your children by the ministering of your word. Lord, you've seen every hand that was raised behind those hands or needs. Father, Lord, I pray for Sister Lillian. Father, may you touch her body, dear God. Lord, may you touch Sister Sophie. Lord, may you, Lord, bring that that gallbladder under control of the Holy Spirit. Father, for those that are home tonight, may be sick in their body. I pray the angel of healing would pass by every house tonight, dear God. Lord, for those that are away, may you keep your hand up on them, Father. And I pray Lord for brother Matt, sister Sarah there, sister Sandy Father with a family, oh God. Lord, may you just may you move among them in a special way. Give them a wonderful time in your presence, oh God. And Lord, I pray as we open your word tonight. May you send this spirit of wisdom and revelation into the building, Father, binding the hand of confusion that your word could find a right away in the hearts of your children. Now Lord, forgive us of our failures and our shortcomings. Lord, transform us tonight by thy word. Fill every empty vessel here. refill, oh God, and we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory. In the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. And all the believers says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." And amen. How many believes he's in the building tonight? Amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we want to go to the word of the Lord for just a few moments with you this evening. We want to turn to the book of Hebrews, the 10th chapter, the book of Hebrews, chapter 10, and also the book of Revelation, chapter 12. Amen. We have just a few things tonight here on our heart and we just pray it'll be a blessing to you, an encouragement. And Amen. Hebrews chapter 10 and verse number 22. Paul here writing, he says, "Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience and our bodies washed with pure water. Now, let us hold fast the profession of our faith. So, there's that approaching God. Let us draw near. And there's our speaking. Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering. For he is faithful &gt;&gt; that promised. &gt;&gt; Amen. I think we could say amen right there. &gt;&gt; He is faithful that promised. In the book of Revelation, the 12th chapter, Revelation 12 and verse number 11. I was planning to move ahead and and and thought tonight, but just a few more things on my heart from the things we've been speaking to you on. So, I just want to take a little more of it tonight if that's okay. In Revelation 12 and verse 11, and they put your name there. And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. and by the word of their testimony. &gt;&gt; And they loved not their lives unto the death. So many people say, "If there's something the Lord could just do for me to overcome, he's already done his part. &gt;&gt; The blood is already there. &gt;&gt; Now, your part is the word of your testimony." Amen. We ask Lord this evening to bless the reading of his word as you can have your seat here tonight. I want you by the help of the Lord, if I would take a title tonight for just a few moments here. I want to speak to you on this thought of overcoming by holding fast to our profession. Amen. Overcoming by holding fast to our profession. Brother Bram would preach a message 1959, "Thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemy." He would say, "If I should call it a subject just for a few moments, I would say this, thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemy." He said God had been trying Abraham to see if he would hold fast his promise with a heart that was an unadulterated faith. He said now you know there's so many people that can grasp the word for a minute. He said it seems real good to them and then after a few hours something comes along contrary to what the seeds seem to tell them and finally it'll wither away. He said then there's some that can keep it for a few days. He said but there's others now. Amen. I don't want to be in the first part of that. I want to be in this part. But there's others that seem to catch such a hold of it till they never let it loose. Amen. Amen. Jesus spoke of those in the time about where the seed fell on stony ground and on thorns and on thistles, but then some in good ground. So, Amen. There's some that can hold the word for just a few minutes. And then there's others can hold it, amen, for a few hours, but then there's others that can hold it, amen, and they never turn it loose. And I believe that those are the ones that are spoke of, amen, in Revelation 12. The ones, Amen, who will overcome their enemy, amen, by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. Now, as we've been speaking to you here on about the approaching God by saying the right thing, amen. Last time we were talking to you on this, we found out that the book that is unsealed, Amen, is no other book. And we found out that it's God's provided plan. It's a, amen, it's the opening of seven seals. And the time is at hand, amen, for someone to say what has been unsealed. Now, amen, as we as we close last Sunday, we spoke to you on this. We were speaking about how, amen, that it's not enough to thank it. You've got to speak it. And I just want to revisit that quote from the third seal. Brother, I'm speaking of the word returning to the bride. He said, "Now God full of mercy made a way, amen, to redeem that woman." How many knows the way to redeem was by the blood? He said, "Now he promised her, telling her, Amen, that sometime in the future, the true word would come to her again." He said, "See, the true word will be made known to her." Amen. I want to say tonight, the true word is foreign to organizations. It is foreign to denominations, but not to this bride. Amen. We are not waiting for the true word. We are in possession tonight, amen, of the true word that was prophesied to return to the church. He said, "Now remember that cuz he promised Christ through the woman." Amen. Christ is the word. Amen. You can turn these four monitors down and just leave it in my ear. Amen. Christ is the word. See, St. John 1, in the beginning was the word. Thank you. And the word was with God and the word was God and the word became flesh and dwelt among us. He said, now, Amen. God, the word dwelt with us in the flesh. He was the word. He said before a word, it's a fault. Right? Amen. And a thought has to be created. So God's thoughts become creation when it was spoke by a word. He said that's when he presents it to you as a thought. Amen. His thoughts and it is revealed to you. Amen. Then it's still a fault until you speak it. Amen. Amen. It's still a fault until you speak it. Amen. Or until you confess it, right? Amen. And to confess means to say, Amen. the same thing. Now, Amen. What makes a confession is when you are in union with the word. Amen. And you're saying the same thing the word is saying about the thing you're thinking about. Amen. I'll say tonight, God has unsealed the book to you. Amen. God has revealed the thought to you. Amen. These things are wonderful, but it's time to take another step. Amen. It's time to take another step and to speak it. Amen. And to confess it, and then it becomes a divine anchor within you. Now, amen. You all can agree tonight that we're living in a day and time, amen, of uncertainty. Everything around us is uncertain. And everyone is looking for something, amen, to give them hope. They're looking for something to hold on to. They're looking for something to satisfy them. Amen. The prophet of God would say, "The world we're living in is full of uncertain sounds." He He would say, "If the trumpet give an uncertain sound, Amen. then who shall prepare himself for the battle?" That word sound actually means the sound of uttered words. So, amen. Paul here is speaking to the Corinthians and many of them were soldiers in those days in the Roman army. Now, he said if the trumpet gives an uncertain sound, Amen. then who shall prepare himself? See, Amen. You've got to have the certainty of anything. See, we got to know whether it's right or whether it's wrong. Amen. I don't believe there ever was a time since the first time, Amen, in the Garden of Eden when sin came in. Amen. And broke eternity into time. He said, I do not believe there's ever been a space of time with so much uncertainty as today. Now, amen. That ought to make you that ought to take some pressure off. Amen. There's never been a time of uncertainty. Amen. Like it was today since the Garden of Eden. Amen. because there's not one hope left in the natural world today. But I don't want to leave it on the negative side. I I don't want to leave it on the gloom and doom side. I want to tell you, amen. There may not be hope in this world, but God who is rich in mercy has sent a message into this generation. And it's not an uncertain sound. It's a certain sound. Amen. The church of the living God is not idle. Amen. Amen. She's not wasting her time. Amen. But we're in a battle. Amen. It's not a national battle. It's not a political battle. It's a spiritual battle. And the prophet of God said, "It's the battle for truth." Amen. Amen. The last thing the devil wants coming into this service tonight, amen, is the truth. Because he knows, amen, if you meet the truth, he shall know the truth. And the truth shall make you free. But I want to tell the devil tonight, there's not enough he can do, amen, to defeat the truth of God. The truth is not coming. The truth is here. It is here tonight. And if you want to be free in your spirit, if you want to be free in your confession, if you want to be free in the Holy Ghost, you ain't got to take a backseat to that devil and believe his lies and believe his negativity. His word is the truth and it's here if you can confess it. Amen. We're not in a natural battle. Amen. We're not in a flesh and blood battle. Amen. We're in a spiritual battle. Amen. Can I tell you what our spiritual battles are today? We We Is that okay? Amen. to stay positive while surrounded by negativity. Amen. To stay sound while surrounded by unsoundness. Amen. To stay certain while surrounded by uncertainty. Amen. To stay stable while surrounded by instability. Amen. That's our battle today. But I want to tell the devil again, it may look like I'm surrounded by unstableness. It may look like I'm surrounded, amen, by unsoundness. Hey, but my Bible says there is a host of angels that will gather around the subjects of God. It may look like we're surrounded, but we're not surrounded just by enemies. We're not surrounded just by problems, but there's a mighty angels of God in this building tonight. We're surrounded by the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're not just here as church members. Amen. But we are soldiers in the battle for truth. Amen. Can I tell you some good news? You didn't choose to be a soldier. He chose you. You didn't sign up, brother David Paul, for this army. Amen. God signed you up before the foundation of the world. That's why Paul said that no man warth and tangled himself with the affairs of this life that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier. Amen. God chose you to be a soldier in the army of the living God. I love how the prophet of God will say it. It almost breaks your heart when he says it. He says, "You know, the Army of the United States, they didn't receive me because I suppose there were men more eligible." He said, "But I'm glad that I got enlisted in the army of the Lord and he gave me a uniform." Brother Joel, the world might have rejected us. Denominations might have pushed us aside. Amen. But God chose us to be a soldier in the army of the living God. Listen, I don't know a greater honor tonight than to know that I have been chosen by the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords to be a soldier in the army in the battle of truth to overcome every devil that's come against the church. Amen. We are in the army of the Lord. Amen. Then in this army, soldiers, Amen, they must find their position. Amen. Amen. Every soldier has a position. Now, here's the thing. You got to find your position and you got to hold your position. He said, "See, the great battle is at hand. We've played church for years and years, but the hour has come now that when Janice and Jambers will withstand Moses &gt;&gt; as the Bible said they would, it's going to be spiritual battle. It's going to be spiritual conflict." He said, "There will be some that will just continue on. The denominational church will just move right on into denomination and go the way it goes." But I mean the real true believer is coming to that battlefield and you had better be versed and know that what you're doing or you could take an evil spirit. Amen. So easy and not know it. Now can you take a prophet's word? If it's contrary to the word then don't you believe it. Amen. You stay with that word. If it's contrary to the word don't you believe it. You stay with that word. In the last days, he said, what's it going to take to stand? It's going to take a scriptural trained church on the line for there's going to be carnal impersonations arise. Now, amen. Paul says it like this. He says, "Prove all things and hold fast to that which is good." Now, I'll say this. There's one thing the Christian soldier must do is he must hold fast. Amen. It's not enough to get idle. It's not It's you can't get complacent. you you can't get discouraged and and you can't get all tore up and you Amen. cuz that demon of nervousness will move you right out of your position. That demon of anxiety will move you Amen. right out of your position. That demon of complacency will move you right out of your position. But as the sons and daughters of God are coming to the battlefield in the greatest battle that's ever been fought, I want to tell that devil, you might have moved the first Eve, but you won't move the second Eve because she's not a man-made bride. She's not a church age bride. She's a word born bride. The word has moved into her soul and she's a living manifestation of all the authority of that word. Yes, sir. Hold fast. Amen. He said, in other words, grip it. Amen. Don't turn it loose. Hold it fast. Amen. Hold it tight so that it will not slip. Hold fast to that which is good after it's been proven right. So when something has been proven right. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That's the time to get a hold of it and grip it and don't turn it loose. Amen. See, and anything that's proven not right, then turn it loose as quick as you can. Get away from it. Don't you never hold on to the wrong thing. See, now it's possible that staunch Christians find people hold sometimes to the wrong thing. Amen. Thinking that it's right. Amen. So, there's the key. You can hold to the wrong thing, but what's holding you to it is your thinking. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? Amen. You can be holding the wrong thing, but what's holding you to the wrong thing is your thinking. I love what Paul tells Timothy in 2 Timothy 1:13. He says, "Now hold fast the form of sound words." He said, "Which thou has heard of me in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus." Look at this word sound. It means to be in good health. It it is used of Christians whose opinions are free from any ad mixture of error. So if they're sound words, they're not full of contaminated error, but they're free of error. Now I find it amazing, brother Ed, that there is a connection, amen, between our words and our health. Amen. There's a connection between what we say and the health that we have. John said it like this. He said, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health even as thy soul prosperth. Brother Bram come along and said, "God's got in his bounties of blessings, everything we have need of, all the vitamins, everything that we have need of to make us full, sturdy, healthy Christians." Amen. Filled with the Holy Spirit. Amen. Washed in his blood. What a time of fellowship we can have. See, it's a spiritual strength. Amen. Amen. I love what he says. He said, "Look, if we set ourselves off from the glory of God, from the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the fellowship of the spirit, the first thing you know, we become pale, sickly Christians. Our experience is growing out and dim. And when the great trials come, amen, we shrink and go back." It takes that soldier who has lived in the sunlight of God. It takes the spirit who knows God when there's not a wave of doubt. They can stand in the midst of trouble and they can cry out, "My redeemer liveth." Oh, church, I want to tell that devil, these young people that have just returned from youth camp are not a bunch of emotionally worked up young people. These are sons and daughters of God who've got a revelation in their soul and they can stand in the middle of trial. They can stand in the middle of test and say, "I know my redeemer liveth." The prophet of God said, "We want a healthy Christian that has a healthy spirit." He said, "Brother, that soul cannot get too healthy." Amen. That soul cannot get too healthy. Amen. I'll say this. The words of Christ, Amen, are the vitamins to the soul of the soldiers in the army of the living God. And I want to tell you, the words of Christ are not suggestions. The words of Christ are not opinions. The words of Christ are absolute. They are not theories. They are not philosophies. They are not educated guesses. Amen. People live by theories and they live by philosophies and they will perish by those theories. They will perish by those philosophies. They will perish by those feelings. Hey, but a prophet said, "Amen." Jesus had to die to produce eternal life. Now, listen closely, Christian friends, unless you die to yourself and your feelings and act on God's word, you'll never have life. Now, can you take a prophet? Amen. Forget your feelings and just take what God said. Amen. Your feelings are not absolute. They change. They're up one day and they're down the next. Amen. You're happy one minute and sad the next. But if you ever anchor to something that goes beyond philosophy, it goes beyond theories. It's tied into the word of God. It don't matter. Come hell or high water, you'll be in the house of God with your hands up in the air saying, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You've been so good to me." Hey, this is not a church full of pale, sickly Christians. These are healthy Christians. These are sons and daughters of God that are standing on the battlefield with a healthy soul and the power of God in their heart. Yes, sir. Amen. God's words ought to be held fast to. God said, "Hold fast to his words." Can I say this? His words are sound words. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can I take it a step further? And we are judged by those sound words. &gt;&gt; That's why Jesus stood there and said, "Heaven and earth will pass away, &gt;&gt; but my words." &gt;&gt; Well, that ought to make you say, "Amen. The heavens and earth will pass away, &gt;&gt; but my word shall never pass away." Amen. The word will judge us in the last day. He said, now see, the word of truth was the criterion then, it's the criteria now. He said, there isn't another standard. There isn't another plum line. He said, see, as he stood there with the word, he was examining their lives in the light of the blueprint he had laid out for them. and he must have been pleased in a goodly measure. For they, like the others who had gone on before, were enduring the persecution of the unjust, and still joyfully cleaving unto the Lord. He said, "Difficult though it was at times to serve the Lord." Amen. Can I get a witness here tonight? Amen. Difficult though it is at times, Amen. to serve the Lord. &gt;&gt; We got any humans here tonight? difficult though at times it is to serve the Lord yet they served him and brother Morgan they worshiped him in spirit and in truth. That's why the devil hates this church is we don't just worship when things are going good. We don't just bless his name when everything's working well. We bless him in the face of difficulty. We worship in the face of adversity because we're not just church members. We're soldiers in the battle of the Lord and we're here to do deals with God and defeat the devil. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. With a false vine, it was not so. He said, "Alas, they reputed the life that is built upon the word and we're now going further and further away from the truth." He said, "Their actions bore witness." &gt;&gt; Are you with me? Their actions bore witness to the depths to which they had sunk. &gt;&gt; Come on now. You don't have to tell me you're going through something. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Your actions bear witness &gt;&gt; to the thing you're going through. &gt;&gt; See, but I want to say this. We ought to let the Holy Ghost become the absolute of our life. &gt;&gt; And then we should let the devil become the dictator of when we praise God and when we don't. Cuz I'll tell you what my prophet said. He said cloudy skies are no sign of God's disapproval. And he said sunny skies are no cloud of God's disapproval. And I just want to go on record tonight and say the devil might have done everything he could. Amen. And flew against us, brother Mark. Amen. But I want to tell the devil, he didn't win. He didn't win in one situation. He didn't win in one problem. He didn't win in one circumstance. Sister Destiny, no matter how dark it got, no matter how hard it got, Amen. God still remained God. because he who promised is faithful and he'll work it out for his good and we'll just worship him while he's doing it. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. I don't think we ought to let the devil dictate our praise. &gt;&gt; I don't think we ought to let the devil take control of our profession. &gt;&gt; Brother said it beautiful. He said there's a force behind words. Do you do you know many times we underestimate Amen. the force behind our words? You know what Solomon said? He said, "Please words are as a honeycomb. They are sweet to the soul and they are health to the bones." Brother, sister, the words, amen, are honeycombs. They are sweet to the soul and they are health to the bones. Words carry great power. And wise people speak words that have a powerful impact. They edify the hearts and the lives of others. That's it from a commentary. Take or leave it. It's not of authority. Proverbs 25:11, "A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver." Again, a commentary. Saying the right thing in the right way at the right time can be very effective in making peace with another person. &gt;&gt; The reference to gold apples is a silver setting describes something that is both exceptionally beautiful and extremely valuable. It applies and it illustrates the benefits of well-chosen, properly spoken words, amen, that bring reconciliation. &gt;&gt; Come on. If you if you had a little cross word with your wife, for your husband, Amen, before church, Amen. It probably is the time to tell them the cornbread was cold or &gt;&gt; come on. If things been a little up and down, it probably ain't the time. See, you got to choose your words because words can drive things further apart or words can bring things closer together. Do you see what the prophet of God said? He said that brings reconciliation. There's power behind our words. And I love what Solomon says in Ecclesiastes 12:11. He said, "The words of the wise are as goats and his nails fastened by the masters of assemblies which are given from one shepherd." Isaiah 50 and:4, "The Lord God hath given me the tongue of the Lord." How many How many could say, "Lord, give me the tongue of the learned." Amen. The Lord God has given me the tongue of the learned that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary. &gt;&gt; Come on. If somebody's already weary, it ain't the time to tell them. You noticed in church they didn't hardly raise their hand. &gt;&gt; Amen. If somebody's already down, it ain't the time to tell them you noticed they ain't been there in a few services. It's the time to look at him and say, "Listen, I know the devil's fighting you and trying to keep you out of the house of God." But I want to tell you, I'm praying for you. I want to tell you, I'm pulling for you. I want to tell you, I'm on your side. I want to tell you, hell may be against you, but greater is he that is with us than he that is against you. I say we ought to get the tongue of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. The prodigal God said, "I can't do very much about the conditions today." That's what you say. He said, "But just a little kind word to someone. &gt;&gt; Just a little kind word to someone as an invitation, a little testimony, a little kind smile or a greeting to a passer by might mean more than you think it does." &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, that ain't much." Well, I want to say this. Amen. It's not the quantity of the words, folks. Amen. It's the quality of the words that's spoken. Now, y'all know I'm telling the truth. Amen. There's people can say paragraphs to you and you didn't feel a thing from it, but let somebody else say just a sentence to you and you feel such a charge. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Come on. Amen. Amen. I believe God puts encouragers in the body. Amen. I don't want to I don't want to single Brother Brian out, but I just want to take a minute here and say, "God bless you, brother Brian." Amen. What a what a brother of encouragement. Amen. Amen. I'm praying for you. You're going to make it. Amen. God is with us. I love you. Amen. The devil may tell you you're wasting your breath. Amen. But my Bible says the words can bring healing and strength to those that are weary. Listen, I want to say this. Amen. You ain't got to get a sermon together for somebody. Just get in the presence of God and let the power of God drop over you and you'll walk by him and say, "You know what? You're my brother. You're my sister. We're going to fight this devil. We're going to overcome because greater is he that is in us than he that is in the enemy against us. The Bible says in Genesis 1:3, you know, this whole earth you're sitting on tonight is the result of the spoken word. &gt;&gt; Do you know, brother Joe, God did not use paragraphs to create the earth you're sitting on. He used three little words. Let there be. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let there be. And there was a sun. Let there be. And there was an earth. Let there be. And there was a moon. Let there be. And there was water. Let there be. And there was a firmament. Are you hearing me? It wasn't the amount of words. It was what was behind those words. Oh, church of the living God, the power of creation was behind those three little words, let there be. &gt;&gt; You know, when the Bible says in St. John 11:17 that when Jesus came to the grave of Lazarus, he found where he had been laying for four days. You know what the prophet of God said? He said, "These little words here tonight of these four letters that's been read from the text, they conceal your eternal destination. It's your attitude towards them." That's right. &gt;&gt; Let there be, brother Wesley. And the earth was created. Here the prophet of God says, "And and I show myself. And then Jesus came." Four words. And then Jesus came. You know what the prophet of God said? He said those little words could set you free from sin tonight. &gt;&gt; He said those little words could condemn you tonight. He said those little words could set you free from sickness and suffering tonight if you will receive them. But they've got to be received. So do you see it don't matter how much is spoken unless you receive what's being spoken it'll never have an effect upon you. Amen. And I think what Peter said in Acts 2:41, he said, "Then they that gladly received his word were baptized, and the same day they were added to them, about 3,000 souls." Amen, brother Mark. 3,000 souls were the results of the words of God spoken through Peter, but they never affected nobody until they were received. Now, I can tell y'all something. Amen. The word will never affect you until you receive it. &gt;&gt; Do you know people can talk about you, they can ridicule you, they can criticize you, and it will never affect you until you receive what they're saying about you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I picked that devil up. &gt;&gt; It'll never affect you until they until you receive what they're see. Amen. People been talking about me since I started preaching. He's too loud. He's too quiet. He's too revelated. He's too this. He don't say this. He's too deep. He's Amen. They've said all kinds of things. Amen. He's too emotional. He sweats too much. He Amen. But you know what? It's never affected me because I've never embraced what they think about me because they didn't die for me. They didn't reveal the God to me. They didn't give me my family. They didn't give me my future. So, I don't care what they say about me. And I think it's time for some of you to turn loose of what people think about you. and what people whisper about you. And come back to the word of God and get a hold of a profession from the word of God. The word says I'm fearfully and wonderfully made. The word says I'm an overcomer. The word says greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. See, the word is not the paper. &gt;&gt; It's just a book, but it's Christ made manifest on the paper. He said, "So we just receive his word like it was he himself. When I see his promise to me, &gt;&gt; that's Christ." &gt;&gt; He said, "I embrace it. &gt;&gt; He can't lie. &gt;&gt; To me, that's exactly the truth. Now, I might not know how to take a hold of it, but it's the truth. &gt;&gt; And I hold right with it because it's Christ to me." He said, "Then when God speaks a word, it's already finished." What about his promises that he's given us, everything he has said, "It's already a finished work." He said, "So therefore, when we receive his word into our heart, it's already done. It's completed." &gt;&gt; See, every word in the Bible is God's thoughts laying in seed form. And if they're received into the human being and spoke, oh God, and spoke by the same thought that materialized the Bible, &gt;&gt; folks, I don't have enough room up here to preach. The same God that was thinking is the same God that's in you. You say, "Preacher, how can you say that?" Because we now have the mind of Christ. We now have the mind of Christ. You know why you're a powerful people? You know why this is a powerful bride? It's because the same mind that was in Christ has come into the bride. She's thinking the way he thinks and things are materializing because of the mind. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Hallelujah. The same thought that materialized the Bible brings the thing to pass. &gt;&gt; What a power has been given to the church. It's a real revelation of God. Your heart and mind is so filled with God's spirit until your thoughts become his thoughts. There you are. When your mind, somebody say, "My mind, &gt;&gt; my mind, &gt;&gt; my leading, &gt;&gt; my leading, &gt;&gt; my guiding, &gt;&gt; my guiding &gt;&gt; becomes a direct place or a direct inspiration of the Holy Spirit that's moving your mortal being." What kind of people should we be? &gt;&gt; If the very Holy Spirit has you so embodied or empowered that, brother Joe, you don't use your own thoughts, you don't use your own mind, you don't use your own opinions, but the Holy Spirit has you so built into your thoughts and your being is God's spirit expressing itself through you. What kind of church would we be when the human element goes out and the spirit of God fills that vacancy where you empty yourself? Then will be the church in his power of the resurrection of Jesus. We will walk in his steps. We will walk in his power. We will walk in his thoughts. We will walk in his being because it's his moving. &gt;&gt; Can I bring it on down, brother Jared? Then your thoughts will become words. &gt;&gt; That's powerful, ain't it? Your thoughts will become words. But let's not leave it there. And your words will become material. &gt;&gt; Your thoughts will become your words and your words will become material. I believe it's on the road when the church will be so wrapped in Christ that the Holy Spirit mankind so away from theirelves that they don't see themselves. They don't see no thought of themselves. The only thing they think about is serving God. And their thoughts just move on. &gt;&gt; They refuse the things of the world. &gt;&gt; They just move in the spirit. They walk in the spirit. They live in the spirit. So fulfill the law of Christ. Then the love of Christ in the human heart moving in the Holy Ghost, that great wonderful church will go forth with power and deity. Are y'all ready for this? Because deity will be revealed in human beings by the Holy Spirit bringing to pass the thought of their mind. My goodness. That's why the devil's got you in a mind battle is cuz he knows if you ever lose your mind and get the mind of Christ then it'll go from thoughts from words into material. The devil knows if you ever lose the way you see yourself and begin to look at yourself the way the word looks at you, you will not just be a church member. You will be an invincible army. Well, I stand tonight as a son of God and I renounce the human mind and I say, Lord, we receive the mind of Christ. We receive &gt;&gt; we receive the mind of Christ. I tell you this tonight, receive the mind of Christ about what you're going through right now. &gt;&gt; Not a crazy man. Come on. &gt;&gt; Receive the mind of Christ &gt;&gt; about what you're going through right now and it'll change the way you come out of it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now that devil's roaming around here, Satan, I rebuke you. &gt;&gt; I rebuke that devil. I rebuke that devil. This is the house of God and the human mind is gone out so the spirit of God can fill our hearts with the thoughts of God. Glory to God. When the thoughts begin to become words, you're going to see you're going to start seeing material. You're going to start seeing material. Come on. You can't think about it long enough and then speak it and it not become material. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come on, Hatty. Right. You've been thinking about them boys being saved. You've been speaking about them boys being saved, but now you're in the presence of the mind of Christ. And when the human element goes down, the spirit of God fills the vacancy. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I say away with negativity. &gt;&gt; Anybody want to join me? Away with negativity. I'm tired of it. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of negativity. I'm tired of rousy, rousy, poor, pitiful, mentality. I'm ready to see the church of the living God rise in the power of the authority of the revelation of the spoken word. I'm ready to see somebody start thinking about the power of God and begin to speak the word of God and watch the materialization of the thoughts become reality. Aren't you buddy? Amen. I'm ready to see it. Well, can I tell you it's not on its road. It's here. Negative thoughts &gt;&gt; produce negative words &gt;&gt; which produce negative expressions &gt;&gt; but positive thoughts &gt;&gt; produce positive words &gt;&gt; and they produce positive expressions &gt;&gt; see the prophet of God said it's a strange thing that it is so much the thought of people Now, here's what their thought is. And brother Mark, because it's their fault, they say, "Listen, well, I'm weak &gt;&gt; and my faith is not very much. And &gt;&gt; I'm not a very good Christian." That's just what the devil wants you to say. &gt;&gt; You're just talking his language right then. &gt;&gt; You mustn't never say that. &gt;&gt; Don't never let your testimony be negative. Let it be positive all the time. &gt;&gt; Say this. I am saved. &gt;&gt; I have God in my heart. I believe him with all my heart. And somebody come by and say, do you believe in divine healing with all of my heart? &gt;&gt; Never permit a negative thought to come into your mind if you can help it. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to stand here and dehristianize you because I think you're a powerful people. &gt;&gt; Amen. But sometimes powerful people get negative thoughts. &gt;&gt; Brother said, "When it starts, don't entertain it." &gt;&gt; Well, you say, "I can't help the thoughts from coming." Well, that'll be like the farmer that said he couldn't stop the birds from flying over his place, but he could sure stop them from roosting. So, that's a good thing. You see, you cannot help the thoughts when they come, but don't entertain them. Just pass it on. No sir. You want to hear a prophet? No sir. Jesus Christ is my savior. All things are mine by God and I'm going to keep them and I'm going to testify of them. And God can only bless you as you confess he has done it for you. &gt;&gt; Do you see? He's the high priest of your confession. &gt;&gt; Is that right? He said that he's the high priest of your confession. He can only do it for us as we accept it. We believe it and confess it. That's why David said, "Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in his sight." Do you know when you go to thinking about God is when he appears. &gt;&gt; Do you know that when you go to thinking about God, he appears? Now, I got a question for you. Okay? If you can think about him and your thoughts can be so powerful, he can appear, what would happen if you started speaking about him? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. &gt;&gt; Can I show you something? Even in a negative condition, you can still think about him and bring him on the scene. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, you're getting way out there." No, I'm not. Brother Peter, in Luke 24, the Bible says there were two and they were walking the Emmas road. Brother said Jesus appeared because they were thinking about him. But they were thinking he was dead and he was in a grave and he was gone forever. He said and while they were walking Jesus stepped out and he appeared before them and he said why do you think like this? I love what a prophet said. He said look what he said. He said why are you so sorrowful this morning? Brother said Jesus looked at him and said my you look terrible. Look what a frown is on your face. You being Jews. Why do you look like that? Why aren't you smiling? He said, "You're a stranger here." He said, "No." Now, look here. Reb said he was not a stranger. He was the divine person. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, they didn't believe that. So, they were just going down the road discouraged. And if you notice, it's when you're discouraged. &gt;&gt; Come on. That's when the devil can really pour it on you. &gt;&gt; Come on, &gt;&gt; brother. Brother, brother, &gt;&gt; when you're discouraged, Brother Tim, that's when the devil can can really pour it on you. &gt;&gt; See, that's when he gets you and you come to church and say, "Well, I don't know. I don't know whether I'll get any better or not. I've been prayed for twice. Oh my, you might as well go home. That's all." But when you can cast that aside, Come on. &gt;&gt; God don't want you to be frowning. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. We got a pump handle handshake. We're going to get a Holy Ghost smile. &gt;&gt; See, right now's the time to cast that devil off. &gt;&gt; Right now is the time to turn that frown into a smile. You say, "Preacher, you don't know how bad it is. How much worse could it be than them walking down the street thinking the Lord was dead? &gt;&gt; But then he stepped out and revealed himself to him. Oh, I say tonight that devil may convince you your situation's hopeless. You're finished. This is your end. But I want to bind that devil tonight and say the divine person of the word of God has stepped into Grace Tabernacle tonight. And he's here. He's here in power. He's here in authority. He's here to take that frown and turn it into a Holy Ghost smile. &gt;&gt; God don't want you frowning. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm deep. No, you're depressed. &gt;&gt; We've made frown and spiritual God wants you to be happy. &gt;&gt; The human heart was made to be happy. &gt;&gt; Worry will cause cancer. &gt;&gt; Temper will cause cancer. Don't never be upset. &gt;&gt; Brother, &gt;&gt; just walk in his love knowing that you're walking in him and nothing can harm you. There's neither powers, things present, things future that can separate us from him. We're in him and we never come in by our own will. That's right. &gt;&gt; He by choice elected us and brought us into him. So it's Oh, God. So it's his business to take care of what he took himself into. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. If you're in the church, then the church is going to keep you up. If you're in the church, the church is going to keep you going. But if you ever get into Christ, if you ever get into Christ, it don't matter if nobody shows up. As long as Christ shows up, you can shout hallelujah. As long as Christ shows up, you can sing and praise and worship God because you're not in the church. You're in Christ. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I believe it. I believe that's a secret of it. He said is the preparation of the human heart. Now, I want to say something to you. There's got to be a change in your heart. &gt;&gt; A change of the heart, not of this physical thing, &gt;&gt; but the heart of your soul. &gt;&gt; And in there, &gt;&gt; something anchors. &gt;&gt; Come on. that till your thoughts become dull. &gt;&gt; Your habits, your being has changed from a sinner to a Christian. &gt;&gt; You're expressing Christ. Now, can I can I just say something to you? Christianity's got to come from the heart. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's not enough to come from the feet. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; Cuz brother Morgan, I preached many sermons. I didn't feel like dancing. Dear God, &gt;&gt; I'll just be honest with you. &gt;&gt; I've got I I've preached sermons. I didn't feel like shouting and running all over the place. &gt;&gt; But you know what? I did it. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, Brother Andrew, bless God. You just got in the flesh and worked yourself up." No. I surrendered myself. &gt;&gt; I surrendered myself to the one who chose me to go to battle against those spirits. and I become a weapon in the hands of God. I don't control my thoughts. &gt;&gt; You all don't know the times I've got in my car and said, "I'm going to go to church and I'm going to preach a sermon and I'm not going to be up there, but just a few minutes I'm not going to sweat. I'm not going to run. I get so tired of being made fun of or those things." But in just a few minutes, I forget all that because I'm not controlled by myself. I'm controlled by the one who called me into himself. Well, if that's for the preacher, it's for the church, too. You say, "Well, I'm going to go down the church house. I ain't going to raise my hands. I ain't going to clap my hands. I'm just going to sit there." Amen. But just a few minutes, Brother David, and the songs get to singing and the Holy Ghost gets to moving and something takes over and you begin to raise your hands and you begin to shout, "Hallelujah!" You know what's happening? You're a soldier. You're a chosen soldier and the captain is controlling you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This is not a natural battle. &gt;&gt; It's a spiritual battle. &gt;&gt; Now remember, it's not Christian science. &gt;&gt; No sir. &gt;&gt; Direct quote. &gt;&gt; Yes sir. &gt;&gt; It's not mind over matter. &gt;&gt; The mind accepts the life which is the word of God and there brings the life. Just your thoughts doesn't do it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But the word of God &gt;&gt; brought in the channel of your thought. It's not the thought as Christian science makes it mind over matter, but your mind accepts it &gt;&gt; and it grasps it. &gt;&gt; Glory to God, &gt;&gt; brother Cody. Your mind accepts it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it grasps it. What is your mind controlled by? Your spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And your spirit catches the word of God. And that's the thing that's got life in it. &gt;&gt; Woo. Glory. Your feelings ain't got no life in it. Your emotions ain't got no life in it. But the word has got eternal life in it. And if your spirit can grasp it, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, it brings life in you. Oh brother, when that takes place, when life comes down in that channel into you, the word of God is manifested in you, &gt;&gt; devil get out of their way. &gt;&gt; Woo! Glory. When the word catches you, &gt;&gt; when you get a hold of the word, &gt;&gt; when you grasp it, &gt;&gt; let me say this. We fight the good fight of faith by holding fast our profession. Look what Timothy says. Fight the good fight of faith. Lay hold &gt;&gt; on eternal life. &gt;&gt; Where unto thou art also called and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses. &gt;&gt; Now I'm gonna just just punch that devil square in the face. But brother Caleb, sometimes we say it's too hard to hold my profession. &gt;&gt; But Paul said, "I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickenth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontious Pilate witnessed a good confession." &gt;&gt; Come on, &gt;&gt; brother Emanuel. He's standing before the man that's getting ready to sentence him to death. &gt;&gt; And he's done nothing wrong. &gt;&gt; It's the darkest trial of his life. &gt;&gt; And brother Carter, all he's got to do is recant. I'm not the king of the Jews. I'm not the son of God. I'm not I'm not I'm not who they say I am. And Pilot let him go. But even in the face of Pontius Pilate, he held Oh, God. He held his confession. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Quit giving up your confession in the face of depression. Quit giving up your profession in the face of every negative thought that comes by your way. Hold your profession in the face of your enemy and say, "Devil, pour on as much as you want, but you will not shake me. I know who I am. I know where I come from." They overcame him by the blood of the lamb. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And by the word &gt;&gt; of their testimony. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; No, they open their mouth. See, the prodigal God said, "God made the promise. Let's stay with it." &gt;&gt; You got to have a battle. &gt;&gt; If everything comes lazy, well, what are you overcoming? &gt;&gt; They overcome by the word of God and their testimony, the blood of Christ. You've got to overcome something. You've got to have some obstacles and people that different and fuss with you and tell you you're holy rollers and things that's put before you. It's a trial. &gt;&gt; The things people say about you is equivalent to Pontius Pilate and Jesus standing in front of him. It's a trial. If you haven't got that, then you're not even in the battle. What did you join the army and get the training for? To lay around. to strut up and down the streets and show off. That's the way some Christians act. That's the way they want to be looked up to. You're not going to be looked up to. You're going to be looked down on. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You're not going to be looked up to. You're going to be looked down on. For all that live and godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecutions. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. So, Brother Bam said, "Come over here, and let's have a little pity party, and let's tell you, you're going to let's just tell you, you're going to be looked down upon, and ain't nobody going to look up to you, and it's poor pitiful man. It's always going to be hard, Peter. It's awesome. And nobody's going to be times nobody wants to and you just going and s &gt;&gt; You know what he said? He said, "Pick up your sword &gt;&gt; and cut free everything and keep going on. Come on, Grace Tabernacle. We just come out of a powerful youth camp, but this ain't the time to lay down. The devil's already in front of you. The devil's already pushing you, but it's time to pick up your sword and fight back against that devil and overcome him by the blood of the lamb and the word of your testimony. God did something for me. &gt;&gt; God, give me the Holy Ghost. God, give me a victory. God gave me a breakthrough. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If you're going to battle, you better have a weapon. &gt;&gt; If you're going Oh, I'm doing good on time. If you're going to battle, you better have a weapon. &gt;&gt; He gives his children the best. &gt;&gt; That's his word. &gt;&gt; He equips his army with the best. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Can I go on? Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And the latest. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; You got the best. And you got the latest weapon. &gt;&gt; He said he give us the best. That's his word. The best can be given. God gives his people the very best. &gt;&gt; Now, you know what Paul said? He said, "We walk in the flesh." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; But we do not war after the flesh. &gt;&gt; You know what he said? He said, "The weapons of our warfare, &gt;&gt; they're not carnal, but they're mighty through God &gt;&gt; to the pulling down of strongholds." Can I go on? &gt;&gt; Casting down imaginations. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; And every high thing that exalteth itself against &gt;&gt; the knowledge of God, &gt;&gt; and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. He said, "Now the Bible said we've got to cast down reasonings." Amen. &gt;&gt; Then when your soul says, &gt;&gt; "Jesus is my healer. I now believe it and accept it," then reasonings move out &gt;&gt; and your soul comes in first place. And whatever God says, it won't reason at all. It'll take God at his word. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; Somebody say this with me. The most powerful weapon, &gt;&gt; the most powerful weapon &gt;&gt; that God put in the hand of a man &gt;&gt; is a committ &gt;&gt; and a confession. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You're armed &gt;&gt; and dangerous. &gt;&gt; You're armed and dangerous. &gt;&gt; Come on. You may be carrying a 45 around on your side or a 9mm, but you're still more powerful. &gt;&gt; If you got a confession from the word of God and you're under the blood of Jesus Christ, it'll do it every time if you'll believe it, accept it, and confess it and just keep confessing it. &gt;&gt; There it is. Don't just believe it and accept it at youth camp and confess it in the prayer line. Keep on confessing it. I'm healed. I'm healed. I'm healed. I'm healed. I'm saved. I'm saved. I'm delivered. &gt;&gt; You're not going to fight the devil from your mind. &gt;&gt; You're going to fight him from your soul. You know what Paul said? He said, "The word is nigh thee. &gt;&gt; It is even in thy mouth &gt;&gt; and in thy heart. &gt;&gt; That is the word of faith which we preach." Yes, sir. Come on. &gt;&gt; If thou shalt confess, &gt;&gt; somebody say confess &gt;&gt; with thy mouth the Lord Jesus &gt;&gt; and shall believe in thy heart that God raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. &gt;&gt; Y'all ready for that confess? &gt;&gt; Ready for that Greek word confess? Put a frown on your face. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. and drop your head real low. &gt;&gt; Give thanks. &gt;&gt; Say the same thing as another. Agree with &gt;&gt; Are you ready for this? &gt;&gt; To admit or declare oneself guilty. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Of what one is accused of. &gt;&gt; Well, you're just a holy roller. Sure am. &gt;&gt; That's what you want to call me. That's what I Well, you're just listening to too many tapes. Sure am. &gt;&gt; Well, you just got your head in the message. No, it's in the inner veil. &gt;&gt; Well, well, well, you're just a man follower. Well, if that's what you want to think about me, go ahead and f Well, let me tell you this. You won't intimidate me &gt;&gt; and you won't back me off of my confession because the minute I give up my confession is the minute that spirit disarms me. But I refuse to become a defenseless Christian. I refuse to become a defenseless a defenseless soldier. I got a weapon. I got a confession. I got a testimony. I'm underneath the blood. Jesus saved my soul. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. And one of these mornings between 6:00 and 9, I'm going to change my body. Yes, sir. I'm going to confess it until every devil dies. I'm going to confess it until my body obeys my confession. &gt;&gt; You say, "Oh, you're just getting out there. Am I Am I?" &gt;&gt; It's the six sense, &gt;&gt; brother said. It's the most powerful force &gt;&gt; that ever hit the earth. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Is that super sense? &gt;&gt; Are you okay? &gt;&gt; It's called the sixth sense. &gt;&gt; It has nothing to do with this down here. &gt;&gt; If this down here declares it and says amen to it, &gt;&gt; all right, you're moving on. There's where the power is sir. &gt;&gt; If you believe in your heart. &gt;&gt; Now folks, I about shouted my little office all to pieces today. Your fifth sense of thinking lays within your brain, &gt;&gt; but the sixth sense lays in your heart. You believe with your heart. &gt;&gt; Confession is made by the mouth. &gt;&gt; So from the heart, the mouth confesses. &gt;&gt; You believe with your heart the six sense. That's the powerful force. &gt;&gt; Do you all know in Revelation 1, there's a patmas vision. Do you know there's a sevenfold revealing of the personage of Jesus Christ? &gt;&gt; That's where I about shouted it down. Brother Mark, John describes that sevenfold personage and he comes down to the sixth one. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; And you know what he says? He says, "Out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Are you awake? &gt;&gt; Sorry. I'm like a little kid at Disney World. Are you awake? The sixth sense is in your heart. And the sixth revealing of the son of man is a sharp two-edged sword that goes out of your mouth. Oh, Grace tabernacle. No wonder the devil can't bind you. You got the six sense in your heart and you got the six revealing of Christ in your mouth. It's a sharp two-edged sword. &gt;&gt; The word of God went forth from the church's mouth. He said, "Now see, hold fast. Look here. Look here. Say something loyal. That's how you kill devils." Glory to God. Revelation 10:8. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again. And said, "Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." And I went unto the angel, and I said unto him, "Give me the little book." And he said unto me, "Take it and eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey." &gt;&gt; The words are like a honeycomb. &gt;&gt; They're sweet and they're strength to the bones. &gt;&gt; Can I tell y'all something tonight? Will you Will you believe me? You're going to confess your way out of some situations. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Sometimes you're going to have to confess your way out of situations. &gt;&gt; Well, Lord, if we could just get the right preacher here and just get the right meeting and get the right service and the right atmosphere and &gt;&gt; sometimes you're going to have to open your mouth &gt;&gt; and begin to confess your way out of that situation. Look here. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. But as soon as I eat it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Go fill up a pew." Memorize some quotes. &gt;&gt; Go to church when you can find time. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; He said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again &gt;&gt; before many peoples, many nations, and tongues and kings." You know what that word prophesy means? It means to declare a thing which can only be known by divine revelation. You know what the prophet God said? He said, "We had him coming last night with this great sword to kill and the four seal. We found out that that it gets killed with a sword, too. The sword of the word of God." He said, "Now wait till them seven thunders utter their voices to get that group who really can take the word of God and hand it there. It'll slice and cut. They can close the heavens. They can shut this or do that, whatever they want to. Glory. He will be slayed by the word that proceeds from his mouth. &gt;&gt; It's sharper than a two-edged sword. They could call for a 100red billion tons of flies if they wanted to. &gt;&gt; Whatever they say is going to happen because it's the word of God coming from the mouth of God. Listen, the word has never failed in the mouths of believing Christians. &gt;&gt; Amen. And in this last age, &gt;&gt; it's here stronger. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And greater than ever. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; In the true word, right? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Come on. Don't get mad at me, but the word is here greater. It's here stronger tonight in the mouth of the true word bride than it was in Hadty Wright. &gt;&gt; Come on. Hadty Wright and Banks Woods had their day, but this is your day. &gt;&gt; This is your turn. The true word will return to the bride. Listen, the true word is here and it's nigh thee. It's in thy heart. Then put it in thy mouth and begin to speak it until giants fall. Come on. I'm going to I'm going to I'm just going to preach right here and we'll just go home. Amen. I'm going to say this to you. You don't need squirrels tonight. &gt;&gt; No. No. You don't need squirrels. Come on, brothers. We've sat in tree stands and tried to speak storms out of existence. We don't need storms out of existence tonight. &gt;&gt; You know what we need? We need a positive confessional &gt;&gt; to take a hold in the soul of the bride. &gt;&gt; Come on. Well, I'm the bride. I'm the bride. You're the bride. You're the bride. You're the bride. Brother Matt says you're the bride. Brother says, "You're the bride." Brother Joe says, "You're the bride." Every preacher you hear, you're the bride. You're the bride. You're the bride. Well, they said I'm the bride. Well, they said I'm the bride. &gt;&gt; Come on, Rebecca. &gt;&gt; Come on, Rebecca. &gt;&gt; You're going to meet Eleazar on your own profession. Come on, Rebecca. If you're going to leave this whale and go meet me that promised one, you're going to have to open your mouth. &gt;&gt; You know what the prophet said? He said, Rebecca, which was to be the mother of this noted promised weighted son, when she was called to the final test of a strange man she had never seen before, only she seen the working of the Holy Spirit. when her parents could not fully decide. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When her parents could not fully decide whether she was going to go with this stranger or not to be the wife of the man she had never seen, she was brought to the final test. &gt;&gt; How many can say, "Thank God for praying parents." &gt;&gt; Thank God for praying parents. Can I tell you something? That's not enough. Thank God for praying parents, but that's not enough to put you in the rapture. The prophet of God said, "When it come to final test, we'll get the damsel and let her speak." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory. Give me some dancing room. We'll get the damsel and we'll let her speak. You know, as she come out there, they said, "We'll hear from her mouth whether she will go, yes or no." He said, "That's the way it's brought to all the seed of God." It's got to be your mouth. God wants to hear from you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Rebecca, do you want to go? Oh, Rebecca's going to go. My daughter Rebecca's going to go. My daughter Rebecca's going to go. It wasn't enough for her mama to say it. &gt;&gt; I'm closing right here, Brother Joe. It wasn't enough for her daddy to say it. She had to say it. I'm going. I'm going. Are you going with Eleazar? I'm going with Eleazar. Hallelujah. You know what happened? Her voice become her confession and it become an anchor. It become a divine absolute oh grace tabernacle. I got a question for you. Are you going in the rapture? Is your name in the lamb's book of life? Are you the sinless, spotless bride of the Lord Jesus Christ? Is Christ the healer? Is Christ the redeemer? Is Christ the Holy Ghost giver? Does Christ bring prodals home? I say yes. I say yes. I say yes. I'm going to open my mouth. I'm going to overcome that devil by saying yes. Stand on your feet and say yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Are you going all the way? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Are you going all the way? Are you going to take a rapture? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Are you going to sit down and quit? No. &gt;&gt; I'll go. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'll go. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; See, when Revelation finds its bedding ground, come on, musicians. When Revelation finds its betting ground, &gt;&gt; circumstances Come on. &gt;&gt; are no longer considered. &gt;&gt; When the word finds its bedding ground, &gt;&gt; come on. &gt;&gt; That's it, &gt;&gt; brother. Sister &gt;&gt; circumstances. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Is no longer considered. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know what the Bible says? The Bible says Abraham considered not the deadness &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; of Sarah's womb. &gt;&gt; That's right. Neither did he consider the deadness of his own life. You know what he did? He considered the promise of God. &gt;&gt; Now, see, you got to have something to consider. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; And you you you know why the devil you know why the devil points out circumstances? It's because he wants you to consider the circumstances. Because when you begin to consider the circumstances and you begin to focus on them and you begin to look at them and you begin to read about them and you begin to you begin to feed on them, then before long those circumstances form your profession. &gt;&gt; But can I say to you tonight what Paul said? He said, "Let us consider," &gt;&gt; brother David, he said, "Let us consider the high priest." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Don't consider the circumstances, &gt;&gt; brother Joel. consider the high priest. You say, "Brother Andrew, I don't I don't know. I I don't know. I don't know where to go. I don't know how to handle this. I don't know how to get out of this situation. I don't know if I'll ever get over this stronghold. I don't know if I'll ever get out of this out of this sickness. I don't know." Well, first thing I want to ask you is, what are you considering? Because what you're considering is shaping your confession. &gt;&gt; That's right. But how many tonight like to raise your hand and say, "Lord, I want to consider the high priest." &gt;&gt; I want to consider the high priest. Oh my. I thought I I thought I'd get done tonight. I want to consider the high priest. &gt;&gt; What does he have to say? &gt;&gt; What What What does he say about my future? Abraham said, "What you confess you are, that's what you're going to be." He said, "Any man will never live any further or any higher than what he's believing he's living." He said, "You take a man that talks about drinking all the time, he talks about drinking, he thinks about drinking, he drops right down in that category and becomes a drunkard." That's right. &gt;&gt; He said, "Do you see a man always thinking about vulgar things, looking at vulgar things, thinking of vulgar things, reading vulgarity?" He drops right down in that category. &gt;&gt; He said, "Your body obeys your confession." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Now, we thought we talk about that a lot, Brother David, in the positive, but it also happens in the negative. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He said, "Look here." He said, 'Now if you, he said, uh, right here, he said, 'Let the saintliest person in this building right now, just make up your mind you're not a Christian anymore. That's when you become not a Christian. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Your body obeys your confession. He said, "But see right now, he's not the high priest of your feelings. He's the high priest of your confession." Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "Do you see? Then right now cast away the thought of sickness. Take God's healing thought. Let them become your thoughts. Think upon these things." The Bible said, "If there be any praise, if there be any virtue, here's what." Now, now, how many will say, "Lord, I'll take this confession." &gt;&gt; How many will take it? He said, "Now, here's what you say. I believe in thee. I accept thee as my savior, my only salvation. I need your strength for my health. I cannot go forward without you. I now accept you as my healer. I renounce the devil and all of his works. From this time henceforth, I will think positive. I will believe every promise. The scripture says, I by his stripes I am healed. I now accept it. I believe it. It is mine. I thank you, Lord. And I will continue testifying of my healing until I am perfectly well. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Testifying is not lying. &gt;&gt; It's confessing. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's confessing. Listen tonight, I say this to you. Hold fast your profession. Brother said, just take a hold of the promise and be satisfied. He said, 'Now, that's the way every believer, no matter how bad the cancer's got you, how long you've been sitting in that wheelchair, any of those things, just if you can grasp that revelation from God, then be satisfied knowing it's going to happen &gt;&gt; because faith waits patiently &gt;&gt; for the promise. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Listen, I could tell you tonight about Moses. I could tell you tonight about I could tell you tonight about John the Baptist. I could tell you about Paul. I could tell you about Allah. I could tell you about Upshaw. Maybe sometime I'll preach it to you. I could tell you about John Ryan, but what about today? &gt;&gt; What about What about warriors in the battle today? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What about you sitting on those pews right now? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; What about your confession? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why don't you say, "Lord, fill my mouth. &gt;&gt; Fill my mouth with positive things." &gt;&gt; Amen. talked to our brother, brother Ron Spitzer today and I couldn't help but ask him. I said, "Brother Ron, in this battle of cancer," I said, "Your confession, you know how many times that man in five years has taken a pullpit with stage four cancer and stood there and said, "God's greater than cancer." &gt;&gt; Cancer in his body, but a confession in his soul. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God is greater than cancer. Amen. &gt;&gt; You say, "Brother Andrew, I wish I had a pull pit tonight. I I wish I had a microphone tonight. I' i'd like You realize right here, you standing in those pews tonight, raising your hands, you're confessing to the devil." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Devil. Some of y'all, Brother Brother Phil sitting back there with his hand wrapped up. Amen. He's standing right there confessing God is a healer. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He ain't had he ain't held a microphone tonight. He ain't preached a sermon tonight. But there stands an end time warrior in the house of God testifying and confessing. He could be at home tonight, but he's right here in this building. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, Sister Sophie. Right there. Amen. Sick in her body, but right here tonight testifying God is a healer. &gt;&gt; What about it, Brother David? Right here. God is a healer. &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm telling you tonight, you're overcomers. &gt;&gt; Hold fast your professional, sir, &gt;&gt; and overcome. Let's bow our hearts tonight. Hold fast. Hold fast means to master. It means to control. I wonder tonight how many say, "Lord, wash me tonight with the pure water of your word. Lord, wash me of the negativity. Lord, I'm tired of it. Lord, I'm tired of negativity. I'm tired of negative thoughts. I'm tired of negative words. I'm tired of negative expressions. Lord, I'm tired of I'm tired of it. I'm ready for the positive gospel. Brother said, "There's no negativity at all in Christianity. There's a positive token. This is a positive gospel. This is a positive message." I say to you tonight, let the Holy Spirit come by right now and let him wash away all the negativity. &gt;&gt; How many say tonight, Lord, give me a new language. Lord, give me a new vocabulary. Lord, as how I wonder how many parents in this building could say, Lord, give me the words of life to speak over my children. Let me speak over my children the words of life that'll that'll that'll change their destinies. Lord, I I wonder how many how many would say tonight, Lord, let me let me begin to speak out healing over sick bodies. Lord, Lord, give me that word fitly spoken. I don't know tonight. But I wonder how many say, "Lord, as a member of this church, I I want to become a channel of encouragement. I want my mouth and my voice to become a channel of encouragement in the house of God. I don't want to have a negative word. I don't want to have a negative thought. I want to have a positive word about my brother. I want to have a positive word about my sister. I want to have a positive word about the service. I want to have a positive word about the sermon. I want to have a positive word about my about my healing, Lord. Almighty God, you're in this building tonight. Lord, these faithful believers, these faithful soldiers have shown up tonight to the house of God. Lord, I know some of them have come from great distances to be here tonight. Lord, I know some have pushed through every every demon, every spirit of hell today to block them from coming to the house of God. But Lord, they're here in this building tonight to let the devil know whose side they're on. Now Lord, as we have spoke your word tonight, I know these things are simple. Lord, I know these things have been no doubt spoken over their hearts and over their lives and over their minds many, many times, Lord Jesus. Father, many of them have heard these things since they were little children raised in this message. But Lord, just over the last little bit, you've just been dealing with my heart so heavy and so strong. Lord, as we were just there ministering in the youth camp last weekend, Lord, and Father, it just becomes so real to my heart. Lord, we'll you'll fill our mouth with the word of faith. And by the confession of our faith, it will bring to pass the desires of our heart. And Lord, I know there's many believers here tonight in this building. And Lord, they're desiring things from you. They're desiring healings and miracles. And Lord, they're desiring and needing answers. Dear God, but Father, we're not looking tonight at the problems. Lord, we're going to be Abrahams and not consider the circumstances. Father, I think of Rebecca. Lord, when Eleazar come to her, Lord, she didn't consider the circumstances. She was going to a strange place. She was leaving with a strange man to go meet another strange man that she had never seen before. But Lord, she had to confess it. Lord, Father, Rebecca's confession brought her body under under subjection. And Lord, I believe there's a bride here in these last days. I believe there's a portion of that bride, a powerful portion of that bride standing before me tonight. And Lord, I believe the devil knows if they really get a hold of these things we're speaking, Lord, if they really move out of the realm of negativity and they move out of the realm of being conscious of criticisms and circumstances and all those things, Lord. And Father, they climb up into that dimension of positivity. Lord, the devil knows he can't do nothing with them. Lord, I pray tonight, dear God, that the word of Lord, word of life will pick up in their heart. They'll hold their swords and they'll cut through every negative thought in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, may miracles begin to become material right in front of their eyes. Father, may they receive your mind. May they receive your thoughts and may those thoughts become material in this sanctuary. In Jesus name we pray. In Jesus name we pray. I wonder tonight how many could just raise your hands and say, "Lord, take my mind away. I want the mind of Christ." Let the human element go out tonight, Lord, and fill that vacancy with the spirit of God. Fill that vacancy with the spirit of God. Amen. I believe it tonight. I believe miracles are happening right here. I know we've just come out of youth camp and some of you were there with us. No doubt the devil's already fighting and pushing against you. But hold fast. Hold fast your profession without wavering. For he that promised is faithful. Amen. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my mind. I give you everything I am tonight, Lord. Come and use me as a channel to bring to pass your will in Jesus name. Amen. We want to say God bless you all tonight. And I thank you for your attention to the word of the Lord. Amen. You all, I'm sorry. I'm going to say it. Y'all make preaching easy and fun. Amen. Word of the Lord is rich to our hearts. We love you. The love of the Lord. Amen. We'll be gone this weekend over to South Carolina preaching some meetings there for brother Fred Mullen. So y'all remember us in prayer and and then we'll be praying for you and I know brother Matt will be back home Sunday. Brother Matt McGary will be speaking Sunday. And Amen. I want to say God bless you all. I know we got the Keading family here. God bless you and they had Sister Monica and others drive great distances to be here. Amen. On these Wednesday nights and we say God bless you all. May God reward you and your faithfulness and Amen. everyone that puts forth an effort. Amen. Maybe you don't drive an hour, hour and a half. Maybe you drive 10 minutes or 20 minutes or maybe maybe five minutes or Amen. But everybody's putting forth an effort to bring to pass. Amen. Brother Mark, maybe you come 30 seconds. Amen. But everybody's putting forth an effort to see the power of God come among the church of God. And I want to say we love you with all their hearts. And may God richly bless you be our prayer. Amen. How many How many you going to go fight that devil this week &gt;&gt; with a positive confession. How many's going to overcome him by the word of your testimony? Devil say you ain't got a testimony. Just say, "I got one, devil. God's working on it." Amen. Brother Ben, would you come? Amen. We love you for the love of the Lord. God bless you tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Spirit out on me. Oh, let it fall like rain. Oh, saturate my thirsting soul. Come and fall on me. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh Lord, I need you now. Pour your spirit. I'll sing it again now. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Oh, let it fall like grace. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Sing that first verse. Seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry in broken places. Thirsty for your love. Lord, forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me do and pour your spirit out on me. Oh, let it fall like rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now. Pour your spit out. That little course, it's already done. It's already done. I mean, he said, "Have a positive confession." I believe that's something we can do tonight. Something we can take forward. No matter what you're going through, have a positive confession towards you. Let's sing the slow course. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, halleluah. Oh, it's already done. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already singing it again now. Oh, for it's already done. Oh, hallelujah. It's already done. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, the battle is over. Victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Oh, I'm already healed. Oh, and I'm already healed. Oh, hallelujah. I'm already healed. Oh, praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already. Oh, my family is sealed. Oh, and my family is sealed. Oh, hallelu. My family is here. Oh, praise the Lord. The battle is over. Victory is won. Oh, it's Oh, it's already done now. Oh, it's already done. Oh, hallelujah. It's already done. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Well, let's just bow our heads tonight, heavenly father. Lord, we just come before you, thanking you, Father, for the battle is already over, Lord. It's a finished work, Lord. And we just got to go forward with a positive confession that it's already done. It's already settled, Lord. Father, we ask that you would just bless our brother Andrew for pouring out himself this evening. Oh God, I pray you just give him strength. Lord, be with him as he would go this weekend and minister. Lord, watch over him, keep him safe. Lord, we ask that you would just take the word that was spoken this evening, Father. May we just apply it to our lives, Lord. In every situation, may we have a positive confession, Lord, believing that everything is working for our good, Lord. We just ask that you would just take these carnal minds, Father, and just may we cast them away. put on the mind of Christ. Lord, we ask that you would just be with us, watch over us, keep us safe the rest of the week, Lord. Bring our pastor home safely, let him have a good time, Lord. We just commit everything to you, Lord. And we just say we thank you, we love you, we praise you for all you do. In Jesus name, I pray. Amen and amen. Let's sing that little song. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Maybe if you go through a battle, just have that confession this evening. Victory is mine. I'm singing, Victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Yes, victory today is mine. Because I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today is mine. I'm singing, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind. Yes, victory today is mine. When I woke this morning, oh, when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that my Lord will bring me out. Oh, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." And I got up singing and shouting the victory. Sing it as you go. I'm singing, "Victory is mine." Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind, cuz victory today is mine. Oh, and joy is mine. Yes, joy is mine. Oh, joy today is mine. Because I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, joy today is mine and happiness is mine. Oh, happiness is mine. Oh, happiness today is mine because
