################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-25 - About The Father's Business  Pastor Matt Morse  03-25-2025 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-25
Title:    About The Father's Business | Pastor Matt Morse | 03-25-2025
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfW-VNFFOKU
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's all stand and sing that chorus. Oh, and the more that I surrender, higher my Lord, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Oh, it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. No more wavering or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. Oh, and I know I'm heading to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. And it's the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. Oh, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love you. Let's sing that second verse. Oh, when the problems I had on yesterday are stepping stones to a higher place. The trials that seem so awesome to me are now my patterns of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love. Oh, if that's your prayer this morning, just lift your hand and sing it to him. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. Oh, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love you more. I mean, you can say that's your prayer this morning. Just come just whatever we have burdened down, we could just surrender to him and let him take control this morning. Want to welcome everybody to the house of the Lord this morning on our Sunday service. I know we got a few, brother Mark and his family are away. He's down in Houston ministering. So, remember him in prayer, but ask that the Lord would just come this morning and speak to each one of us. Brother Travis, will you go ahead and open a word of prayer? [Music] [Music] Amen. I want you to turn around, shake your neighbor's hands. Welcome to the house of the Lord. And you can have your seats. Let's sing that song. I've been changed. Oh, well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed by the blood of the lamb. Well, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. And though my sins were as scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Cuz I've been changed. And I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. And when at last in his presence I stand above, he will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, and I'll thank him for giving a rest like me, a new home beyond the skies. Cuz I've been changed and I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. And when at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, and I'll thank him for giving a rich like me a new home beyond the sky. Cuz I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, I'll sing that chorus once more. Cuz I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap praise this morning? Power in the blood. There's power. For there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, when would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. And would you or evil of victory win? There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. And would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. And come for a cleansing to Calary thigh. There's wonderful power in the blood. For there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, and would you be wider, much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. And since stains are lost in its lifegiving flow, there's wonderful power in the blood. For there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious. Let's sing our last verse. And would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. And would you lift daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. For there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious. Let's all stand and sing that chorus once more. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the precious. I'll sing it once more as the brothers come. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. For there is power, power power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. For the morning, we go and pray at the offering. [Music] [Music] Well, as I journey through the land, I'm singing as I go. I'm pointing souls to Calvary, to the crimson flow. Oh, many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. Oh, but my Lord leads me on and through him I must win and know I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass. Oh my at last ever to rejoice when it service for my Lord. Dark may be the night. Oh, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me life. Oh, Satan stares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Oh, but my Lord goes ahead leaves what every time. And know I want to see him. Look on his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. When in valleys flow I look toward the mountain high. And behold my savior there he's leading in the fire. With a tender hand out stretched toward the valley low. He's guiding me. I can see as I onward go and oh I want to see him look upon his face. Oh there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass at last ever to rejoice. When before me billows rise from the mighty deep. Oh then my Lord directs my mark. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. For he's a real friend to me. And oh I love him so and oh I want him. Oh there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass. Oh my I sing that last verse as brother Noah comes when before me billows rise from the mighty deep. Oh then my Lord directs my part. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. For he's a real friend to me and oh I love him so and oh I want to see him look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. Sister Joyce, if you'll be ready to sing right after him. [Music] Each time I stop and take look around me, I can see the signs of his appearing. ing everywhere. The things he said would come to pass are now before us. And I can feel the strange excitement in the air. Just any day now. My Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. [Music] There is this longing in my heart for his appearing. I'll gladly leave behind these trials here below. For this journey has been hard and I'm so weary. And Lord, I feel so much closer to home. Just any day now my Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just in any day now. His face I'll see. There is this longing in my heart for his appearing. I'll gladly leave behind these trials here below. For this journey has been hard and I'm so weery. But Lord, I feel I'm so much closer to home. And just any day now, my Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see [Applause] [Music] [Music] If it's a foreign battlefield where I finally find your will, Lord, that's where I long to be. In a desert without a drink or some old ship about to sink. Lord, I'll go if you'll just speak to me. Oh, speak the word, Lord. My ears long to hear you. [Music] Speak the word, Lord. My heartaches to [Music] know. Speak the word, Lord. I'll be what you'd have me to be. Oh, speak the word, Lord. Your serant will go. [Music] Now there's been times that I complain as life rubbed against the grain. I recall those times you took me to my knees. But there's one thing I can do. And I still owe these thanks to you that you Lord took my cross to Calary. Oh, speak the word, Lord. My ears long to hear you. Speak the word, Lord. My heart aches to know. Speak the word, Lord. I'll be one, you have me to [Music] be. So speak the word, Lord. Your serant will go. [Music] Now, there's been times that I've complained as life rubbed against the grain. And I recall those times you took me to my knees. But there's one thing I can do, and I still give these thanks to you. that you took my cross to Calary. Amen. Oh, speak the word, Lord. My ears long to hear you. Oh, speak the word, Lord. My heartaches to know. Speak the word, Lord. I'll be one. You'd have me to be. Just speak the word, Lord. Your serant will go. God will make a way. God will make a way. We ask the Lord just to speak to you this morning. I mean, aren't you thankful? You know, Brother Andrew said this, I think it was last service, he said, you know, if God calls you to something, everything you need for that calling, he'll place in front of you and there for you and he'll provide for you. So, no matter what you're going through, God will make a way for you this morning. Let's just sing this song. Oh God who will make a way when there seems to be no way. Oh, forever. He is faithful. And he will make a road when you bear a heavy load. And I know, oh, God will make I'll sing that chorus once more. And God will make a way when there seems to be no way. Can you say he's faithful ever? He is faithful and he will make a road when you bear a heavy load. And I know God will make sing that first verse. But oh, it must have felt strange to end up stranded between an army and the sea. It must have been forsaken, wondering why. God said it all they would. it be. But when your back's against the wall, that's the hardest place of all. Oh, but somewhere between provision and impossibility. Oh, I know that God will make a way. when there seems to be no way. Forever he is faithful and he will make a road when you bear a heavy load. And I know God will make the ring. And when all the circumstances leaves you crying in the night and you struggle till your strength is almost gone. Yes, God will gently hold you in the shelter of the song and he'll carve a road for you to carry on. I know my God will make a way when there seems to be no way forever. He is faithful and he will make a road when you bear a heavy load and I know oh God will make a way. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? Let's all stand as we get ready to invite our pastor to come to bring the word of us. Let's sing that song. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my home. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Oh father, I see that you are drawing lying in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. Oh, this is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. As the sons and daughters [Music] sing, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender. Sing a verse. And father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed. As the saints of every nation are awakening to sing, from our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song. We sing to our king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my all to you, Lord. Let's sing that second verse. Oh, and father I hear [Music] it. Our song we sing to our king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. It's time surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. I say every praise. Amen. How many come to worship the Lord this morning? Oh Lord, in one accord every praise, every praise is to our God. For he is God, my savior. Yes, he is God. You're my healer. Yes, he's my God. How many testify about that? Yes, he is. Somebody say, "Yes, he is." Yes, he is. He is God. I said he's still God. I know he's still my God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. I say every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord, every praise, every praise is to our God. I say every praise. Hallelujah. Yes. Every word of worship we give in one accord. Every praise, every praise is due our God for he is still God. Thank you, Lord. I said he's still God. Hallelujah. I know he's still God. Thank you, Lord. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. is. I said he's still God. Glory. Hallelujah. Yes, he's still God. I know he's still God. Oh yes, he is. I say every [Music] praise, every word we give in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Amen. Won't you give him a hand clap of praise this morning? I mean, say, "Every praise is to our God. Every glory that we have, we give unto him, and he's worthy of it all." Amen. and you love the Lord this morning. Amen. Won't you just get out of your seat and go welcome somebody in the house of the Lord? Amen. Just we come to fellowship around the word of God this morning. How many feels good being in the house of God? He's a wonderful God. Amen. Give him praise. [Music] Well, what do you think about Jesus? Well, what do you think about Jesus? Well, what do you think about Jesus? He's all right. He's all right. All right. Will he fill me with the Holy Ghost? Will he fill me with the Holy Ghost? He's all right. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. He's all right. He's all right. All right. Well, what do you think about Jesus? Somebody say, "He's all right this morning." I know he's all right. Are you all right this morning? We are cuz we have God on our side. Well, I said he's all right. All right. I know he saved my soul when I was lost. I said he saved my soul when I was lost. I know he saved my soul when I was lost. He's all right. He's all right. All right. Well, now, what do you think about Jesus? Oh, somebody just say it this morning. Well, I know that he's all right. Well, what do you think about Jesus? He's all right. He's all right. All right. Well, he paid my bills when I was broke. How many testify about that? Well, he paid my bills when I was broke. He's all right. He paid my bills when I was broke. He's all right. Well, he's all right. All right. I know. He healed my body when I was sick. Yes. He healed my body when I was sick. He's all right. He healed my body when I was sick. And he's all right. Well, he's all right. All right. Well, he made me smile when I felt bad. I said he made me smile when I felt mad. He's all right. Well, he made me smile when I felt bad. He's all right. Well, he's all right. All right. I know. When I was down, he made me glad. Well, somebody say, "Amen. I was down. He made me glad. He's all right. When I was down, he made me glad. He's all right. Well, I know he's all right. All right. Well, now, what do you think about Jesus? Oh, what do you think about Jesus? Well, I say, what do you think about Jesus? Well, I know he's all right. All [Applause] right. Well, I think we may as well tell him what we think about him. That's what we came here for. Amen. We come to entertain him. How many loves the Lord this morning? Somebody say, "Amen." Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." It's good to be in the house of God. Isn't it wonderful that he gave us the ability to get out of bed this morning and the liberty to come in the house of God to worship him? My We're still early. Amen. I I think we got time to praise God. Amen. Somebody praise the Lord. Amen. We didn't come to be entertained. We come to entertain him. He's our God and he's worthy of our praise. Amen. Isn't that wonderful? We didn't come to to to satisfy everybody else's feelings. We come to satisfy his. Amen. Not to to be approved of any man, but to be approved of God. Amen. And you hear me tell you what, to be approved of God is to allow God to come in among us and have fellowship with his children. Then you've approve. You have the approval of God when he can have communion with you. Amen. and you love the Lord this morning. Some turn around somebody tell somebody I love the Lord. Amen. Tell them you love them, too. Amen. It's just good to be in church this morning. Amen. See, she kind of smiling. Praise the Lord. It makes everybody want to smile. Amen. Actually, she's always smiling. I She can tell you the worst news in the world and she smiles while she does it. Never understand. Brother Matt, have you heard what's going on? Like, it must be good. It may not be, but she still smiles. Praise the Lord. Isn't it good to be a Christian? Amen. Amen. How many's happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. How many's happy to serve God? Happy to be a Christian. Amen. We sure love the Lord. Amen. Just love all that he does for us. And we appreciate the the prayers and support and and we we had our fellowship hall uh roof kind of blew off there during the storm and some of the brothers been coming around and helping and so Lord's going to work all that out to our good. Amen. So I always believe that and just trust the Lord. So, we just want to remember in prayer uh for my friend Joy Ashlock having surgery on her legs. That's from Sister Joyce. Also for Cody Treadway not feeling well this morning, just remember him in prayer. If you have a need on your heart, won't you just lift your hand to the Lord and we just want to invite the Lord to come and before we open the word and and allow him to come and anoint the word. I know we have needs and I know God knows those needs. He's mindful of us and we just ask him to come and and take this word and enlighten it to our hearts. How many would do that this morning? Lord, let something come alive. Let me catch a revelation in the word of God that would bring me closer to you. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and ask him to come. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just love you, Lord, this morning. God, we're so thankful of your presence, Lord. We're mindful of you here, Lord. We thank you for all that you do for us, Lord. And God, the work that you've done amongst your children, among your church. And Lord, we just ask you, Lord, that you would come and anoint this word. And God, I pray that it would go forth and take every sickness, Lord, out of this building, Lord. Any spirit that is unlike you, Lord, let it be bound this morning. God, we just want to read the word and Lord, allow you to anoint it, Lord, that we would catch something in there, Lord, that would draw us closer unto you. And Lord, just to that time of departure, Lord, we just thank you for all you do for us, Lord. We give you the glory for for the greatness that you've given us. And Lord, we just ask you to be with us this morning. We thank you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We just want to invite you uh to the scripture. We're going to read out of Galatians the fourth chapter and we'll start in the first verse and pick up on uh the series that we've been speaking on out of the book of Galatians. And uh we had started in the in Galatians 3 and had gone through uh all of what apostle Paul had been bringing to the Galatian church. And of course we realize that this was not just for the Galatians. It was for us and it was written uh in the scripture for how many believes that? Amen. God bless you. So it was written there for us. But I want to read out of Galatians the 4th chapter and then we also want to read out of Luke the 18th chapter in the first verse. So, uh, Galatians 4, and we're just going to read the first two verses this morning. He says, "Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, differereth nothing from a servant, though he be the lord of all, but is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father." And then I want to also read out of Luke the 18th chapter in the first verse. And the Bible says, "And he spake a parable unto them to this end that men ought always to pray and not to faint, saying that there was in a city a judge who feared not God, neither regarded man." And there was a widow in that city, and she came unto him, saying, "Avenge me of mine adversary." And he would not for a while. But afterward he said within himself, "Though I fear not God, nor regard man, remember this is the unjust judge. Yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming she weary me. And the Lord said, "Hear what the unjust judge saith, and shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear along with them." I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless, when the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith upon the earth." And we'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word as you take your seats up. And I'd like to uh title this this morning on on um on being about the father's business. Being about the father's business. Last uh Sunday uh we had spoke on becoming sons and how uh that we are the children of God by our faith seed and not by our natural seed. And and uh and I know there was many that was here. It's been a couple Sundays and uh one of the young ladies in the church, he said, "It's it's kind of hard for uh for me to remember one service to the next." So, when you preach a series, you know, sometimes it's it's hard to to pick up where you left off. It's easy for me because I'm studying on it all week. And so, uh, maybe just, uh, to kind of bring everybody up to speed, but, uh, we were speaking on becoming sons and how that, uh, you know, we've been going through Abraham's, uh, seed all the way through, uh, being an heir and and coming into, uh, receiving the the promise of God as the seed of Abraham. And, and, uh, last time we had talked about how that we were the children of God by our faith seed and not by our natural birth. And uh, and not and and we didn't just become sons today. And you know just uh uh becoming a son of God is not by your efforts. It's not by what you can produce or what you can uh what you can manufacture or how good of a Christian you were last week. And if I asked everybody to look back on last week, I'm sure you had some good times and some bad times and uh you said some good things. You probably said some bad things. And you know we you thought some good thoughts and you thought some bad thoughts because we are human beings. But uh but we realize that us becoming sons is not based on decisions that we made in this time or or or efforts that we made. But uh in in fact in the message of the God who is rich in mercy, brother Ramble says this. He said, "I'm only saying this not to mix up doctrine, but I want to straighten it out that we might get away from this fear and scare that you don't know who you are." How many like to get away from that? He said that you are not going to be, but now you are the sons of God. See, you always were the sons of God. And when God had you in his thinking at the beginning, you have to be some part of you. Your life that's in you had to be with God before. Before there was ever material on earth, before there was anything but God, you were one of his attributes. And he knew what your name would be. He knew what color your hair would be. He knew all about you. You see, because you were always a son of God. Have you ever thought about this, Brother Charles? even as a young man and a young woman, you know, other kids, they could go and they could do things and they they could get into all kinds of trouble and lie and cheat and steal and all these things, but but there was something in you that when other kids would do it and it seemed like it never bothered them, but when you would do something wrong, it always bothered you. Something it was troubling that I shouldn't have done that. Anybody ever feel that way but me? You know, but but but because of who you are, but said even though you was yet a sinner, but because there was a God there somewhere here there that God was in there. And so here that little part of God was always telling you that that wasn't right and that wasn't a good thing to do. He said, "But Z see because God was there. It was a little form of life that was in you then." said, ' But then after a little while, you heard the gospel and you uh maybe you went to a church and you went to maybe one church and maybe you went started out in one denomination and then went to another uh picked this one or another. But then one day because you were a part of God, then you had to be a part of God's word. And one day you heard the word of God and when that word sounded in your ears and you heard the word, then you knew where you come from and you knew it was the truth. And and because you were always his seed, you were always it was that word. The word that was see that word that came forth seen the word that was inside of you. And because you were always God, it was in you before the foundation of the world. That word saw it in you. It seen it in you. It called it out in you. And you came to it because of who you were. Isn't that what Paul preached? Paul in in Romans the 8th chapter, he said that's the very fulfillment of Paul's message in Romans 8. He said, "For whom God forneew, he did al also predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren." In other words, that you were predestinated to come to this because you always belong to God. So, it wasn't something that just happened. It wasn't something that just heard. It w it wasn't how people tell it today that well, you only believe what you I know how people tell it. You believe what you believe because of who your parents were and because of where you was raised and and because you was raised in a message church, well then you believe the message and because you was raised this way, well, that's the reason you believe what you believe. But that that's not the way it is. But the reality is is that you was raised the way you was raised because of who you are. You was born to who you were born to because of who you are. You was introduced to the message because of who you are. You was always a part of God. God gave you the family that you had. He caused you to be raised up there. He caused you to hear the word at the right time. He caused you to sit in the right atmosphere, be in the right church uh for for the for a season of your life until the right time because God is the one that is in control in control. He's orchestrating our life because we belong to God. And Paul said we were predestinated to be conformed to the image of the son. That means there ain't nothing you could do to stop him. He was predestinated. That mean predestined, predetermined by God to be conformed to the image of God. I know how it is. We try our best to be in his image. We try to manifest the image of God. But Paul said, "You was predestinated to be conformed into his image." That means there ain't no matter how hard you try to uh stop it or how hard you fight against it, brother Wesley, there's something that was predetermined by God that will cause you to be conformed to the image of Jesus Christ. I don't know about y'all, but that makes me feel good this morning. You know why? Cuz I don't ever feel good enough. I don't ever feel like I can do enough or or be worthy enough. But thank God that he would predestinate something in me that would cause me to be conformed to his image. Paul said he was Abraham's seed and he was the firstborn among many. In other words, he was always the son of God. He didn't just become the son of God when he was born. He when he was born of Mary, but he said Jesus Christ was the son of God before the foundation of the world. He was in the father. He was part of the father. Then he was expressed as an attribute of the father just like you and I were. If you belong to God, you always belong to God. Somebody say, I always belong to God. That's why Jesus could make this statement. I've never lost a one because you were already his. He said, I've never lost a one. All that the father has given me will come to me. I've never lost a one. He'll not cast them out. They belong, they belong to him. You belong to God. Listen what Paul's message was. He was in Galatians the third chapter. This is what Paul was battling. He says, "Oh, you foolish Galatians." Remember, he's showing them that receiving the Holy Spirit was not a result of following after the law, but it was only a sign of true faith in Jesus Christ. Isn't that so backwards from the way that that that many times we think of it that that it's that it's result of how good of a Christian we can be. Then we can receive the Holy Ghost. He said, but no, it's a sign of true faith in Jesus Christ. So, in other words, you can say it like this, and we preached this last time, but by faith, you are a child of God. Somebody say, by faith. But Abraham said faith is the keyyn note to the scripture. In other words, the Bible said without faith it is impossible to please to please God. But even in that notice this was when God made this covenant with Abraham knowing that it was based on faith. He said see therefore it is of faith that it might be by grace. So remember what Paul said that God had to make the promise sure. So even when God would give this promise to Abraham, God was so concerned that you would receive the inheritance that lay within this promise. brother quy that he that he was so concerned with you receiving this covenant that he put a a shity upon the promise of God by his own grace. So he said you'd receive it by faith but just so I can make it sure I'm going to give enough grace that it'll be sure to come to pass. I see it's by his grace that the shity of the promise. That's why that's why it's not on our ability. That's why when you don't feel like you can receive it and you don't feel like you're worthy and you don't feel like you can you can fulfill the covenant. But his grace made sure that the covenant would come to pass in your life. It made sure that it would find you. Grace made sure that it didn't matter how far you had gone or how low you were or how how how much that you had amnesia not knowing who God was that grace could still find you because you belong to God. It was assurityity of the purpose of God coming to pass. Now notice as Paul is speaking this, he's speaking of a time when this promise would be fulfilled. He's speaking and I love the terminology that Paul uses because he uses sons and heirs and inheritance. All that stuff I love inheritance, receiving a promise. In other words, you know what it would be like to to receive an inheritance. In other words, you receive a will and and you and all that the father had was given unto you. Remember you remember the story about the the little woman that went to church, Brother Tom, and and here she was, you know, it was in the over in a foreign country where they had stopped people from from being Christians. And here she got up and and she was on her way to to to gather and meet with the saints and have church. And one of the police officers stopped her on the road. When she was on her way, he said, "Lady, where are you off to?" You know, they have a curfew and everything. And she said, "Well, my brother died and I'm off to to hear the reading of the wheel." And here she went off into the church and and they boy, they had them a good service, a good Holy Ghost church service. And on her way back, that same cop stopped her. And he said, "Well," he said, "How did it go?" She said, "Well, I found out he left me everything." I said, "That's the way it is today. He gave us his will and in his will we have an inheritance and and in that inheritance this is what Paul was talking about that there's something that belongs to the believers and here was a people that were living beneath their privilege but of an inheritance that God had given them and Paul said an heir as long as he is a child he's nothing from a servant though he be the lord of all but he's under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father now notice what Paul is showing he's showing that there is coming a time that no longer is he living as a servant, but there will come a time that he lives as a son. He said, "And so for all this time you've lived as a servant. All this time you've lived as ah beneath your your ability or beneath your inheritance because you're living as a servant. Although inside of you is the very ability or the potential to be the Lord of all, but you've been a servant." But then there comes a time of adoption that no longer are you a servant, but you become a son. It's a and and I love how Paul said it. He said he's only under a tutor until the time appointed of the father. In other words, he's showing us there's a difference of a time of tutorship and the time of adoption. There's a difference of the time of training and the time of manifesting. But I I got news for you this morning that we're living in an appointed time. We're living in a time that has been appointed of the father. There's a time of prophecy, but there's a time of fulfillment. There's a time of promise, but then there's a time of receiving the promise. I thank God this morning when I read my Bible that it's not just a time of a word that's being promised. It's not the time of something future that is to come. But here we are living in the last age in the last days in the time that has been appointed of the father that the sons of God would receive the adoption of almighty God. The father has a time appointed for the church to come to a place of adoption. Now we we we realize this according to the message. You can read in revelations the 10th chapter. Notice I I want you to notice the connection between what Paul is saying until the time appointed of the father. And I'm going to hurry into this so I can get where I'm going. But but in Revelations 10:4, the Bible says, "When the seven thunders uttered their voices, I was about to write, I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not." Now notice whenever God tells John to seal these things, this was not a seal that would last forever. It was not an eternal or an everlasting seal, but it was only a seal until a certain time. Now, we're talking about an appointed time. So, he says, "Seal up these things until," you say, "Well, what time?" He tells us in the seventh verse. He said, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he hath declared to his servants the prophets." Now, we know in the Amplified Bible, it would say it like this, that God's mystery, in other words, God's hidden purpose would be completed at this time, at the voice at the at the at the at the the voice of the seventh angel, that God's hidden purpose, it was the time of appointed of the father that his hidden purpose would be completed. So, we're looking all through the scripture here when John writes this down 2,000 years ago. Here he wrote in the book of Revelations that there's coming a time appointed of the father that the mystery of God would be finished. It would and now notice what it would do. It was a hidden purpose but it would be completed in this time. In other words, that there's something that is going to take place that would bring the children of God back to their father. Here Paul would call it a time of adoption. It it's a time that we're not living as servants but the time that we're going to come forth as sons. And so here, this appointed time that God is calling out, there had to some come something that would cause children to come to this place of adoption or children. Y'all know where I'm going with this, but but but children that would come to their back to their father. But wasn't that the very purpose of what Malachi 4 came for? The Bible said it was to turn the heart of children back to their fathers to bring them. In other words, you can say it like this. The purpose of Malachi 4 was to bring them to their place of adoption. That was the purpose of the message. you it it was not to leave us as servants. It wasn't to leave you wandering or or leave you back back there where the back there where the church was in its infancy, but it was to bring the church to this place of maturity that God could receive it unto himself. God's looking for a full-grown church. He's looking for a mature bride. He's coming for a mature people of God that are feeding on the meat of the word. That's what God's waiting on. I know there's a lot of people that don't want that. They they like the milk. Well, that's wonderful. You know, put it in the sippy cup and drink it all you want to, but but there's room at the table for the meat of God's word. And I thank God that there's some meat eaters in this hour that ain't just looking for some feel-good sermon, but we're looking for the meat of God's word. There's too many sitting around the table just playing. That's what my mama used to tell me. Quit playing with your food and go ahead and eat it. It's the meat of God's word. Go ahead and fill up on it. It don't have to be milk. Sometimes you have to push through and just eat the meat. But it's the meat of God's word that makes you a mature Christian to see. So there's coming a time that's appointed of the father to reveal his hidden purpose. It's this place of adoption. You realize that the Bible would tell us that that's what this world is waiting on. The Bible said the whole the earnest expectation of the creature is waiting on the manifestation of the sons of God. In other words, the earth is looking for the sons of God to be manifested. You know what they've done? They've tried many ways to manifest that very thing. Well, they tried it by having a great revival, but it never manifested sons of God. They tried to have great campaigns, but it didn't manifest sons of God. They could have healing campaigns, but it wouldn't manifest sons of God. They They could make great unions, but it wouldn't manifest sons of God. We could have great big meetings, but it'll never manifest sons of God. But there ain't but one thing with that will. It'll take the revelation of the word to manifest adopted sons of God. It takes God's revealed word in this hour to manifest an adopted son. I want you to hold on to that just a minute. It takes God's revealed word. So in other words, if it's going to take God's word revealed, it would have to bring a spirit in the last tower to take the mystery of God and open it up and reveal it to the church that we can manifest what God has called us to manifest. And the Leoian church age, he said, now this messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelations 10 is going to do two things. One, according to Malachi 4, it'll turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. Two, he'll reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders in Revelations 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. And it will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that literally turn the hearts of the children to their Pentecostal fathers. It, in other words, it'll take the message to bring the children to this place of adoption. I know because this world is trying, you know, I know how people they they try to separate the the message and the Bible and all the all these things that they're trying to do. But do you realize the only thing that'll ever bring this church to a place of adoption is the message of the hour. It's a divinely revealed truth. It's the only thing that'll bring us to this place. And Paul said we're under that spirit today. He said we're under the spirit of adoption where whereby we cry aba father. And I say this today that the spirit of adoption is present among the church. That's the very spirit. You say, "Well, what will it do?" It'll cause you to become one with the word of God. It'll cause you to manifest or the word to be manifested into you. Or don't you realize that there ain't no man that can manifest it by himself. You couldn't manifest the word of God. We try our best to do it. We We try to produce the word. We try to live the best we can. We try You can recite all the Bible you want to. You can memorize all the scriptures you want to, but you can never get this life to manifest the word of God on your own. You don't have the ability to manifest it. You can't work it enough. You can't muster it up. You can't do enough good. You can't make a big enough resume to manifest the word of God. But Abraham said, "There ain't no way you can educate it into you. You can't join it. You can't baptize into it. There's no way of doing it. There ain't but one way for this nature to manifest God's word, and that's to kill it and let it be born again." Hello, somebody. Let a new nature come in. That's the only way is to kill that nature of yourself and then the word becomes a living thing and it just expresses itself through you and then you're looking in a looking glass and people see you as a mirror. You know that's the way that God made it. You know why he said cuz people don't read their Bible anymore so God has made you a Bible. Glory. They don't read their Bible anymore. So God made you a Bible. He said see what do you do? People's looking at you. God sent his mirror. his expression of himself in his prophets because the word came to the prophets. They expressed God in the prophecy that God gave them. But now God expresses himself through his son Christ Jesus. And he takes us in as adopted children and he puts his spirit in us crying aba father or in other words my god my god. And then the holy spirit in us is Christ spirit expressing Jesus Christ. Isn't that wonderful? So the very expression of God was manifested in Jesus Christ. He said, "But then Christ takes us in as adopted sons puts that same word that's that's that's in you and he brings it to life that you can express God." That the very my something is so it's so hard to look at your flesh, brother Tom and thing that I'm expressing God and in the in all my failures, but I'm expressing God. But something in your nature is expressing God because there's God in there. Right. We get messed up in our flesh and we we get all we all it just seems like that's the focus of everybody is this old flesh man. But but let our focus be on the real thing. It's the expression of God that is in our lives. See, that's the age that we're living in. The age of adoption, the age of manifesting, manifesting God. It's the time of adoption. It's the It's the time of divinely revealed truth. That's right. Listen what the Bible said. He said at the sounding of the seventh angel, it'll reveal God's hidden purpose. Now, here's what I want you to catch this morning. It'll reveal God's hidden purpose. Now, notice this is a teaching. Brother Bum would preach the message on the seventh seal. Are y'all with me? Can just a just a few minutes? He would preach a message on on the seventh seal. I want to take my time just so you catch it. But but notice when he preached the six when he when he was preaching on the seventh seal, he speaks of the sixth seal and he says the sixth seal had a three-fold purpose. And remember, he had gone through it. But then he also he said but the seventh seal had a three-fold purpose as well. Now, if you if you'll go on and listen to Christ the mystery of God revealed, you'll find out what that purpose was. And Christ the mystery. He says that God wanted to be revealed in his son. That was the first. Then he wanted the life of his son to be in his church. And then he wanted to take the church or the bride back to that Eden condition. Remember the the relationship with God that had been lost. So this is God's three-fold purpose. It was he wanted to be revealed in his son. He wanted that that son to have preeminence in the church. And then he wanted to take the church back to this Eden condition. So then whenever you then you go on and listen to the rapture uh message, you'll see he would when he was preaching this, he would say the bride is waiting on a revelation. Now I've heard many take that and and preach that that way and say we're waiting on a revelation and that revelation is going to take us into a rapture. But the reality is if you'll listen to the whole the whole uh uh sermon uh just a few minutes later, he tells us what the revelation is. So it's not like today we're still waiting on he said we're waiting on a revelation. But here is that revelation. It's in the three-fold purpose. And he takes that in first Thessalonians. It's the shout and the voice and the trump of God. So now you can find these you you take the the the the connection of these things and go all through the scripture and you'll see this as being God's purpose in the end time. Remember remember I'm talking about an appointed time. I'm talking about a time of adoption. Paul's Paul's telling when the church is going to come to this place or we're going to come out of servantthood and become sons of God. And so he says, see see all through the scripture we'll find this even today. So watch in Christ the mystery. It was the revelation of of the of the son of God. And then it was it was the it was the the the the preeminence of him in the church and then it was a taken away. Watch. It was a three-fold purpose. Now watch what Paul said. It was a tutorship. It's the maturing of the son and it's the changing of the body, right? It's the fullness of adoption. That's that's why the fullness of adoption is our body change. You won't receive it on this side of earth. So watch, it's still a three-fold purpose, brother. I'm going to say the shout, the voice, and the trump. First Thessalonians, it's a three-fold purpose. So I can say this like this today. You say, "Well, what is that three-fold purpose?" Here's how you can see it. It's the message of the hour. It's the bride believing the message and then it's the body change. So here it's what God is sending in this hour to bring the church to a place of adoption. It's you believing it. That's our our tutorship under the Holy Ghost is you believe in that. That's that's what allows the preeminence of Christ to come into the church is you believe in the message that God sent. If God would send you, think about it. If God's going to have to change them, he's going to have to change their body. He would have to change them from a servant to a son. He would have to bring them to a place of adoption. Then he would have to send something that would bring them from a child back to their father. That was what Malachi 4 was. It was to turn the heart of the children to their fathers. And then would come the changing of the body or the rapturing of the church. See, that's why that's why God sent a message in this hour. It was to bring rapturing faith. It was there. You You'll never get it outside of that. That's why you hear message preachers preaching and saying, "You'll not go in the rapture without the message of the hour." That's the only thing that brings a rapture because that's what takes us and turns our heart back to the father. That's what brings us to the fullness of our adoption. It's the message of the hour. Well, I don't know about you, but that does something to me. It's God's three-fold purpose. Receiving. You see, you can't do it without the message. Don't let somebody tell you that because it ain't true. You have to have the message to make a rapture. That was the very purpose of God sending the message in this hour for you to make a rapture. It was to bring you out of Pentecostalism and denominationalism and intellectualism and bring you into the place of a of a sunship to where you can receive the adoption of God. That's the purpose of the message. You won't get there without it. Say, see, but what does it do? It'll bring rapturing faith. Can I ask you this? I feel like preaching for a minute. Can I ask you where does true faith come from? See, the Bible says faith I know the answer. Faith cometh by hearing of the word. Well, that's good. But in a sense, let let me say it like this. The only reason that hearing the word gives you faith is because the word has been vindicated. So if God's word never came to pass, then you could read the word all you want. It would never give you faith. Say, "Well, but well but God never does it. Everything he says it never happens. He said he was going to lead the children of Israel and they let him and and he never let him. He never, you know, all the things. If nothing but God's word came to pass, well then you could read his word. It wouldn't it wouldn't give you faith. But it gives you faith because his word is vindicated to you. So when you see the word being vindicated, that's where true faith comes from. So see, when you read it, you you can hear that word and and he says he says, "I I am the Lord thy God that health all thy diseases." You say, "Amen." There's a faith that comes from that because you recognize God as a healer. You've seen the healing attribute of God as it's been displayed down through the ages. When God said, "Let there be light." There was light. You see the effects of it or or or the promise of God coming to pass. And because that word has been vindicated to you, then when you hear the word, it gives you faith. So you can say this a word. It's not just a word, but it's a word vindicated is where true faith comes from. Ma matter of fact, I can show you this in the scripture in Luke 24th chapter. When Jesus comes to the disciples, remember when he appears to them, he gives them a promise of the Holy Ghost. Notice he says, "Do you tar in Jerusalem until you're endued with power from on high?" But do you realize that that that the power wasn't in the promise? There was a potential for power. Now, I know I know we preached that, but that's because the potential is laying there, but but it'd be just like the the man that was blind that Jesus told him, "Go wash in the pool of Saleom and you'll receive your sight." The man could have said, "I believe it. That's a promise of God. I'm going to receive my sight." But had he never went and washed in the pool, he would have never came sick. See, see the So the potential for power lay in the promise of God, go wash in the pool, you'll receive your sight. So So the potential for power is there, but the power actually came after the fulfillment came in the upper room. Jesus said when you tar here until power until you're endued with power from on high. So the potential lay in the promise. But when they were in the upper room and the Holy Ghost fell, then the power of God fell upon them. You see, notice when the Holy Ghost fell, it wasn't just in promise then, but it was in vindication. It vindicated the word that Jesus had spoke. Now, the very promise that he had made had came to pass in their life. And now, because you realize that Jesus had appear appeared before them many times, but they never had power. But now, because the vindication of the promise that he had made, and when they saw that vindication, it changed their nature. No longer did they hide up in an upper room, but they boldly went down on the street and said, "In the name of Jesus Christ, you can receive your healing. In the name of Jesus Christ, you can receive salvation." They weren't hiding. They weren't cowards. They had received power by the vindication of the word of God. See, so it's vindication that brings faith. It brings or or in other words, it brings you to another level of faith. That that's why it's important to receive vindication. It can't be a guess. We can't just be be guessing and hoping and wishing and all these things that people do, but we must see the vindication of the word of God. That's what brings rapture and faith. That's why God don't give every man the same gift. Otherwise, there'd be no vindication. Well, they all have it. So, whose word is true? But God, there's there's one to an age for a reason. God didn't give that gift to everybody. That the gift of discernment that Brother Benham had, he didn't give that to everybody. I know people go around doing it and all. Sometimes they're right, sometimes they're wrong, but he didn't give that to everybody. It was a vindication of his ministry of the message that we'd be able to receive it. Think about it. Otherwise, it'd be confusion like we have with with four million churches reading the same Bible. That's confusion. But he brought a vindication. Now notice, vindication is what's going to give us faith. Somebody say vindication. Vindication brings faith. Listen, Luke 18, Jesus is given this parable. He said, "There was in a city a judge which feared not God and regardeth not man. Oh, and there was a widow in that same city, and she came unto him, saying, Avenge me of my adversary, he would not for a while. But afterwards, he said, "Though I fear not God, nor regard man, yet because this widow troubles me, I will avenge her, lest by coming away she weary me." And the Lord said, "Hear what the unjust judge says. Shall not God avenge his elect which crith unto him day and night, though he bear along with them? But I tell you that he will avenge them speedily." Now in this word avenge in the Greek it comes from the Greek word eddicil which means to vindicate. So here this is the question I want you to notice what's taking place in this parable. The question is shall not God vindicate his elect. Other words he's talking about bringing a vindication which crith unto him day and night though they bear along with him. He said but I tell you now watch what Jesus says. I tell you that he will avenge or we can say vindicate. He he will vindicate them speedily. Nevertheless, when the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth? Now, isn't that an odd connection that Jesus makes? He said, he will vindicate them speedily, but will I find faith on the earth? Isn't that an odd odd odd odd way to turn this, but I love how the prophet of God takes this scripture because as he reads this scripture, he says, see, it's a promise of indication, but then it's followed with a question of will I find faith. So, Jesus lays this parable said, now here's the question. Will I find faith? He said, in other words, the question he was asking is, will Malachi 4 be fulfilled at this time? Will he restore the faith of the children back to the faith of the fathers, that original word? So here he's showing us that the vindication of God's word being true is what brings a restored faith. So in the time, if you want to see, he said he will vindicate them. He will bring vindication. And then Jesus said, but will will Malachi 4 be fulfilled during this time? So in other words, in order for vindication to come, there had to come Malachi 4 before there could ever come vindication. That's what brought vindication. So see, so when he comes, he said, will he find Malachi 4 fulfilled by? I don't know about y'all, but that just does something to me to think that God said, I will vindicate them. And how's he going to do it? He'll do it by sending Malachi 4, the to vindicate the very message of the hour that would be vindicated by God. That would vindicate the bride of Jesus Christ that you don't have to wonder about what you believe. You don't have to you don't have to hide from what you believe. Said because at the time of vindication, hear the message of Elijah. The spirit of Elijah will come forth and vindicate the bride of Jesus Christ. Vindicate who the sons and daughters of God are. Who's the son of God? You'll be vindicated of being a son. He said, "Will I will Malachi 4 be fulfilled?" In other words, he'll will he find a message that has gone forth. Will I find a believer that has believed him? Will I find a faith that has been restored? Not a knowledge of the word, not a power. Not all men desire power. All these things, you know, but but that ain't what we're looking for. Says, see, we got the best doctors we've ever had. You think of the condition of this world. We've got the best hospitals we've ever had. We've got the best drugs that's ever been practiced with, but we've got more sickness than we've ever had. You know why? Because we got the worst pull pits that we've ever had. We've got the weakest pull pits and the weakest churches that we've ever had. They may be the best churches, the best educated men, but we got the weakest churches we've ever had. There's more sin than the world's ever known. You say, "Well, what is sin?" It's unbelief. For the Bible said, "He that believeth not is condemned already." That's what sin is. He said, "That's right. It ain't smoking and drinking." That's an attribute of unbelief. But you're a sinner because you don't believe. So when Jesus asked this question, he said, "When I come to the earth," he didn't say, "Will I find churches? Will I find sincerity? Will I find teachers? Will I find them preaching the Bible? Will I find power? Will I find people that are dedicated? Will I find them doing this? But Jesus said, "Will I find faith?" He said, "You've got power, but what we need is faith to positionally know where we are in Christ and then yield oursel to know your position as a son and not a servant. Amen. To yield yourself to the tutor, which is the Holy Ghost. To yield yourself to his will, to know your position in Christ. This is what he's looking for. Will I find faith? Will I find Malachi 4 being fulfilled? Because that's what's going to bring faith. Will I find faith? Will I find somebody that believes it? Will I find somebody that's still standing on the message of the hour that that God would come? Will I will I find some sons and daughters of God that have been adopted sons that know where they came from and they know their position in the father and they heard the call of God in this hour and they're standing and believe in the word of God. See, we have a heavenly father. Yes, sir. You said what? He's always been our father. But what he wanted to do, he loved fatherhood for he was a father. Y'all excuse me, but the only way that he could express it was to become a son, a man said, that's the reason that Jesus kept saying the son of man. See, they didn't know what he was talking about. But now we get it. So, see, he wanted to express himself. That was one of his great three-fold purposes was to express himself or identify himself with human beings, to reveal himself in Christ. That's right. See, he was a father. He wanted to express himself as a father. You see, but just like he done with Christ, that same father, think about it. When he when he sent his son, what was his son? His son was the word made flesh. The Bible says in the beginning was God. The word was with God. The word was God. In the beginning, it was the word. The word was God. And then that word became flesh, which was the man Jesus Christ. So we see that when the father would send his son, in other words, it was his word made flesh. Paul would call him when he would speak of Jesus, he would say that that he was the image of an invisible God. He was the word made flesh and he dwelt among us. And here when he would come to the earth, you realize that he came in a way that the world could not receive him. The Bible says that he came as a babe that was wrapped in swaddling clothes. Isn't this something? The word made flesh would come as a babe. were talking about a b a word being born. He said, "See, when they looked at the Messiah, they looked for him to be wrapped in something else. That's why they couldn't receive him because he was wrapped in the wrong thing. He was wrapped in a swaddling cloth. He was he was wrapped as a baby." And there therefore, even though it was the word itself and God had promised to send it, but but and he promised he would send it in the very swaddling cloth that it came in, but but the different but it was different than the swaddling cloth that they had expected it to be in. He said, "And it's the same way it is today." Think of it. It's the same thing today. If you can look, let me say it like this. If you can look at this message and not see Christ, then you're looking for the word to be wrapped in a different swaddling cloth. If you can look into this and say, "I don't see Christ in that." Well, it's because you're looking for Christ to be wrapped in some other blanket. You're looking for him to be wrapped in some other way. He says, "See, so, so you're looking for a different wrapping." But do you realize that the word of God whenever it would come, it wasn't to be wrapped in the swaddling of denominationalism. It it wasn't to be wrapped in the swaddling of intellectualism. It wasn't to be wrapped in the swaddling of of men's thinking and people's thoughts. But brother Bam said it was to be swaddled in the power and the resurrection and the manifestation of a risen Christ. So when the word of God came, it had to come in power. It was wrapped in the power of his resurrection. You say, "What did it do?" It brought a vindication of what it was. It It vindicated to the world that it was Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. It was the word of God wrapped in the swallowing of the power of his resurrection. And that word, oh my, don't you realize that it was born into this world. Even though it was an infant whenever it was born, but it was in the power of his resurrection, there was supernatural that surrounded it. Even a gift at a young age, it has supernatural that's surrounding it. Even when a prophet was born, there was a there was a light that appeared over his over his birth right in the house that his mom would testify that came. What was it? It was the supernatural that was swaddling a word being born. Oh, don't you realize that's what's taking place. The same thing I I know people are to doubt. I I know people don't believe it, but I'm going to preach it anyway. I I I can't help what people believe, but I know what the Bible says. I I know that that that that there ain't never been the word born that it wasn't surrounded by the supernatural. That's I know the churches are trying to do away with it. They try to get rid of a supernatural birth and a new birth and you can just recite some poem or or something. They may as well call it that. They recite some scripture that just became a poem, but recite some scripture and it'll give you salvation, but that ain't never going to do it. It takes a supernatural birth of the word of God. The word must be born. Oh, don't you realize that's what that's where Mary made her mistake whenever she denied a supernatural birth. You remember when Jesus was down there, they went to the feast that day and after they had been at the feast for eight for eight days? When when they they went back and realized that Jesus wasn't with them and here he was a 12-year-old boy and Mary and Joseph went back into Jerusalem. They searched for him for three days. They looked day and night and finally they found him in the temple. And here he was speaking in front of the priest and and he was confounding them with the wisdom of God. And the Bible says, "But Mary, whenever she saw him, she said, "Why have you put this on us? Where have you been? You've troubled your father and I. We've been looking for you. Do you realize what she did when she made that statement, Brother Wesley? She denied his supernatural birth. She said, "You've troubled your father and I." Speaking of her and Joseph, right in the middle of the theologians, in the middle of the Pharisees here, this mother that was supposed to be a spiritual lady here that she would say, "You've troubled your father and I." But let me tell you what the word does. The word always corrects the church. And he looked right back at her. He said, "How can I have troubled you for I must be about my father's business." He wouldn't allow her to leave even leave that in some place that he was just some man or that he was just something natural. He said, "But I must be about my father's business." See, that's what the church has done is to take a supernatural birth of the word of God out of the heart of the believer. They've taken it out of the church and replaced it. If they can get you to babble and speak in tongues, well, then you receive the Holy Ghost. If you go to church enough times, well then you can receive the Holy Ghost. But friends, it takes a supernatural birth of the word of God. He said, "See, the word always corrects the church." Said, "I must be about my man, that makes me want to preach." He said, "I must be about my father's business." In other words, I appreciate the church and what they've done. They brought us that far. He said, "There comes a time that you're no longer a servant, but a son. There comes a time I'm no longer the tutor under the tutor, but I've been brought into the place of sunship or or the adoption of sons. We were living under denominations for many many years. And brother Tom, it had its purpose. It was a carrier of the word. But whenever the word was birthed, it was birthed by a supernatural birth that we would come out of being servants into being sons. My isn't that good? That's just powerful scripture. Amen. So, see, it's God's word being vindicated in this hour. The vindication is what brings the children uh uh the children's faith back to their fathers. Think of this is what Paul's preaching. He said in Galatians 4, he was speaking of a son being elevated to the position of a son and not a servant. So, in other words, the son can now be about the father's business. This is what Paul is trying to get the church to. See, if your father was a farmer to be about the father's business, then you grow up and learn how to be a farmer. You'd learn how to put crops, learn how to plant and harvest. And if your far father was a banker, you'd learn how to add and subtract, hopefully add, but you you'd learn all those things because that's that's your father's business. You'd learn the trade of your father that you could be about his business. If your father was a a salesman, you'd learn the trade of your father that you could take over the father's business. you could come into this place of sunship. The place of sunship was not to be a servant. Are you hearing me? I want you to catch it. The place of sunship is not to no longer be a servant. It's to be a son. And to be a son, an adopted son, is not to be under the foot of the father. That's not it was his purpose. He see they were the body. He was the head. But but but it was so that he could work through them. It wasn't that he could put his foot on them and stomp on them and beat them down and and and rule over them. It wasn't like that. It was that the son would have a place of rulership. Paul said, "Though he be the ruler of all." Yet he's a servant until he comes to the place of adoption. So here the purpose of God is so that you can come to this place of adoption to be about the father's business. You say, "Well, what is the father's business today?" He says, "See, well, our father, he wasn't doing those things. He wasn't a banker. He wasn't a logger. He wasn't a he wasn't a salesman. But our father's business is vindicating his word." Amen. But said, see, that's his business. So, if we're going to be about the father's business, well, I can say this, but David, our his business has become your business. Hello, somebody. His business has become your business. It's become, in other words, it's our business to preach that God is still a God of miracles. It's our business to preach that God still heals the sick. It's our business to stand and say that he still cleanses the leper. It's my business to say he delivers people from drugs and alcohol. It's our business to be about the father's business. It's our business to say that it takes a supernatural birth of the word in you. That that's what changes you and not to deny the power of God. It's our business because we must be about the father's business. It's our business to fulfill. You'd think, well, what was what was the what was the Jesus when he came? He said, I must be about the father's business. You notice what he said? He said to fulfill the scriptures that pertainth to him. That was his business. So when Isaiah said, "A virgin shall conceive," Jesus had to fulfill it because that was his business to fulfill it. The Bible said, "The lame should leap like a heart, the blind would see, the dumb would speak." These were the the the the the words that was spoke about his life. So it was his business to fulfill that as a son to fulfill the prophecy that pertainth to him. It was his business to fulfill it. That's why Moses said, "The Lord your God should raise up a prophet among you like unto me." He said it was the father's business to fulfill the word that was spoken of him. He said, "So if that's the father's business for Christ to fulfill the word, then what do you think your business is now?" Jesus Christ, the Bible said, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And a spirit has come upon the bride to do the same things that he has done. Hallelujah. A spirit has come upon the bride. You say, "What spirit is it?" It's the spirit of adoption that has come upon the bride of Jesus Christ to bring her to a place of sunship to do the same things that he's done. Oh friends, isn't it something? You know, as a as a as even as a young boy, he would say he as a young man, he said, "But I must be about my father's business." He said, "Oh, think about it. If he was at 12 years old saying, I must be about the father's business." Then what about the church today in its stage of maturity? How much more ought we say we must be about our father's business? Amen. He said that's the secret of the message now is the father's business. We must be about it. He said the bride is to fulfill what the word said about her. Yes, sir. We must do it. So if he said Malachi 4 would come and and behold, I would send you Elijah the prophet and somebody's going to believe it. Well, then guess what the bride's going to do? She's going to be about the father's business. So when she hears the word that pertainth to her, she's going to step right into it. when she hears Luke 17:30 and how it'll be when the son of man is revealed. You know what the bride will do? She'll step right over into it. Why? Because she's a son and daughter of God. And it's she's about the father's business. When she hears the scripture that is pertaining to her and she'll step into it because we're about the father. Yeah. I know how people say, "I can't hardly believe believe that stuff." But you know what? It's I you know how how the spirit of one man can be upon another. But it's because it's the spirit of God. And the spirit of God in one man can be the same spirit of God in another. But we must be about the father's business. He says, "See, if you love, if you love, if you believe the word to be the word of God, before judgment could come, there would have to come an Elijah." He said, "Well, how can Elijah come?" Well, it's not Elijah the man. It was the spirit that was on Elijah. It was the spirit of God that was upon Elijah. I I never thought that was the spirit of Elijah as far as a man. I don't think Elijah had the ability to part. People give too much credit to a man. I It's funny to me that people think a man done that. A man didn't part the waters of Jordan and walk across it. It was the spirit of God upon Elijah. I I It's just funny. People are such man followers. The Elijah Elijah didn't do it. Moses didn't do it. It was God in Moses. It was God in Elijah. It was God in brother. It's God in you. It was God in Jesus. It was the spirit of God. It's always the spirit of Christ in the church that does the work. That's what we're following after. So, we're about the father's business to vindicate what the prophets have written about us. So, we vindicate Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. We vindicate. We vindicate John 14:12, "The works that I do shall you do also." He said, "It's his business to vindicate, and it's our business to do his business." To vindicate all of his word to vindicate Revelation the 10th chapter, the opening of the seals, the mysteries of God. That's the father's business. And it has become our business. Ain't that what your mama used to tell you? I'm closing. Musicians can come. You remember what your mama used to tell you, brother Kyle? Mind your own business. And my mom used to tell me that a lot. I don't know if your mama said it, but that was one of my mom's favorite words. I don't know why. I just But but she used that a lot. Mind your business. But you know where that actually come out of the Bible. That come out from Apostle Paul. First Thessalonians. He said, "Study to be quiet. Mind your own business. work with your own hands that you don't lack of nothing. Come right out of the Bible. So do your own business. Mind your own. You know what? And that's what's happened today. Is that the way that's the way it feels sometimes because these great churches and these great systems has been built up. Great theologians that look down on you and that's the way they look at you. Mind your own business. Mind your own business. You don't you haven't been to theology school. You hadn't been to no seminary. So mind your own business. But me tell you a secret. This is our business. I don't have to have that to for that to be my business. It is my business. You say, "How is it?" He said, "See, because we're no longer servants, but we're sons." And the father's business has become our business to see God's message vindicated in every life to fulfill the desire of the father. Do you realize that's his business? So, what's his desire? His desire, the Bible says, is for all to be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth. His desire is for you to receive spiritual blessings. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? His desire is for you to receive your inheritance. His desire is for you to be filled with joy. Do you realize that that the desires of God for your life was not for God's benefit? Listen to this. But the desire of God for your life was for your own benefit, but for God's glory. So he desired for you to have joy not for God's benefit. He desires you to have joy for your benefit. He desired you to be free, not for his benefit, but your benefit. He desired you to be about his the father's business, not his benefit, but your benefit. That you could receive all that belong to you. See, that's God's desire for you to receive the benefits of God and him to receive the glory forgiven. Oh my, think about it. It's God's desire to fulfill all the word pertaining to you. Amen. I don't know about you, but I don't just want to fulfill all of it or part of it. I want to fulfill it all. There's something that came in the heart of every believer that brought joy to them. I want to fulfill that. We're not a We're not a bunch of bunch of getting by a bunch of people that barely come to church. We're the children of God. You're the sons and daughters of God. It brings great joy to your heart. How many believe that? Say amen. How many say, "I'm a daughter of God." Lift your hand. How many say, "I'm a son of God." Raise your hand. And you've been called to a place of adoption by the message of the hour that you wouldn't remain in servantthood, but you would be brought to sunship that you would have power over this life. And he gave you an earnest of that adoption called the Holy Ghost. That you would have power over this flesh. It ain't something that you had to work up, Brother David. It was something that God put in you because you belong to God in the beginning. It makes me want to run around this building because you belong to God in the build in this in the very beginning and he predestinated to you to this very moment this appointed time that he could bring you to this place of adoption. You know what happened to the disciples whenever they saw this? When they were coming to their position the Bible says he ascended to his you know it's what Jesus said he said if I be lifted up I'll draw all men unto me. In other words if he's in his position he can bring all of us into ours. And you know what they've done? Bible said whenever he ascended, then they they went and worshiped him and returned to Jerusalem with great joy. And they were continually in the temple praising and blessing God. You know why? They were fulfilling what the scripture said about them. They were fulfilling the will of the father. Isn't that what Jesus said? He said, "Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven." But let me ask you this. If it's going to be done on earth as it was in heaven, then what were the sons of God doing in heaven? What was the will of God when they were in heaven? I know what he told Job. He said, "Where were you when the sons of God were shouting for joy?" There was jubilee amongst the church of the living God. There was joy among the sons of God. There was shouting and praising God. That was the will of God in heaven. And that's the will of God on earth is the sons of God to be free to worship God. Free to praise God. Free to have joy in their heart. Not to be bound up by religion, but to be freed by the word of God, by the message of the hour. My you're sons and daughters of God. Don't let that confusion, that spirit of you know why it's moving around the church. It's trying or the churches because it's trying to take you out of your position as a son and daughter. I don't know if this is right or this is true, but it's trying to take you out of your position. But let me tell you what you do. You boldly walk right back up into your place and you say, "I'm a son and daughter of God. I was bought by the blood of Jesus Christ. God sent a message that called me out of this world. It called me out of sin. It called me out of unbelief. It called me out of doubt. It called me out of criticism. It took the desires of this world and this flesh out of my life and caused me to want to serve God. And I believe it with all my heart. and you stand as a son and not a servant. My imagine how proud the tutor must have been. When he looked at the son, stand in his position and say, "Man, I've done a good job." There he stands. He's able to handle things and trials and troubles and tribulations and persecutions that come. He's able to deal with the problems. I've done a good job. I imagine he's proud when he looks out at us. Can you imagine? You ever think of that? That God's proud of you. He's proud of of what you've become and how that you've grown to this place. Oh, I I think God shows us off. That's what he done with Job. Remember when Satan come around, he said, "Have you considered my servant?" I think God shows us off. You know, like you go to somebody's big house, some of them rich folks, you go in there, they want to show you all around their house and stuff, all their rooms and stuff. Y'all all the all their rooms and stuff. They got to show you through through all the passageways and show you all the all all the things that they build. Y'all ain't right. Messed up my thought. God help me. But that's the way our God is. That's the way God is. I I think he wants to show us off. He wants to show us off. And when you come into God's house, can you imagine you come by to visit, you take somebody say, "Well, come back here. Let me show you what I got on this shelf. And over there on the shelf here, here's a Joe Bourne Trager. Well, what who's that? Well, that boy, he used he he he used to be bound up with all sorts of things, and the devil thought he had him, but I delivered him, and now he stands here as a trophy in my house. He God has showed us all. He looks back there at Brother Ed. Said, "For many years, it looked like he was gone. Looked like he gave up. Looked like there was no hope for him. But you know what he does when he brings him into his house? He comes all the way to brother Ed is. He say, "Look at brother Ed. Look how far he's came. Look at what God's done in his life. Look how he stands as a trophy of the grace of God. Look at this one for 35 years that he wouldn't serve God. 35 years he wouldn't even come into a church. But he stands there as a trophy of God's grace. This one was about to be gone with drugs and alcohol. He looked like all hope was lost. But God was 10 and say, "But look at him. He's a trophy. Amen. He's proud of you to display his trophies. He's proud of you. Oh, the place that you've came to. He's fell on his face. He's got back up. She's wanted to quit a hundred times. She's made the promise, I'll never go back to church again. I'm just going to give up. But something kept calling you to take another step and get up another day. What is it? You've been trained. There's a tutor that's lifting you and raising you and leading you. He said, "I'm proud of you. Look at what they've become. The sons and daughters of God." My isn't it wonderful to know God. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Can you be I think Well, what can I wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus will walk can make me whole again. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No mother, I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. This I see nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh my calling is my plea. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh precious is the th makes me white as snow. No no no other crown. I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. Will I say now by this I'll overcome nothing but the blood of Jesus. Well, now by this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, how precious is the flow that makes me white as sto I know nothing but the blood of Jesus will I shake how by this I'll overcome nothing but the blood of Jesus will now By this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Well, all precious is the [Music] throne. Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is that blow that makes us white as snow. No other found. I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. How many knows that blood this morning? Amen. How many's free? Free indeed this morning. How many sons are here this morning? Amen. How many come to entertain the Lord Jesus Christ this morning? How many enjoyed the word this morning? Go ahead, give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Applause] Hallelujah. Well, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Are you free? Won't you just lift your hands to him this morning? Free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul's resting. Hallelujah. It's a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Yes, Lord. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul's resting. Is such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. One more time this morning. Oh yes, I'm free. I praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. One more time. I like it this morning. Oh yes. I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer [Music] bound for chains holding me. My soul's resting. Such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Hallelujah. For the son has made free is free indeed. I think brother Matt told us this morning that our Lord and Savior's proud of us. Aren't you thankful for that? Even when he looked down upon his son, he said, "This is my son who I'm well pleased to dwell in." He was excited. How much more is he in the evening time when the heads came over the body, he's looking down in this thing, this is my son whom I'm well pleased to dwell in. Oh Lord, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this [Applause] morning. Well, a long time I [Music] travel. We'll get it. For a long time I [Music] travel down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy. said I saw that I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Thank God I am free, free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved. Are you thankful now? I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that has taken his flight. Like a blind man that God gave back his side. Like a poor wretched record. I found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out to his holy name. Thank God I am free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of my Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Lord Jesus, we thank you for this time that you've given us, Lord, to come and worship you in spirit and true. Father, Lord, our hearts burned within this morning as a word penetrated our our ears down into our hearts, Lord. spiritual food in due season. Lord, we pray, Lord, that they'll allow the believers this morning to grow and get closer to you. Make another step, Lord, as we're growing toward that light that's been given in this hour to take us out of mortal into immortality, Lord. Thank you for the vindicated word. Thank you for a vindicated message, Lord. Lord, we thank you for the service this morning, Lord. We pray that you'll go with each and every one of them, Lord. We pray that especially this morning that you'll bless our pastor, Lord. Touch his body, give him strength in his body in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I've been changed. I've been reborn now all my life. God bless you this morning. Every race. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. all my life. Praise him. I've been changed with life to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. [Music]
