################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-04 - Bro Andrew Glover  Cast Not Away Your Spiritual Confidence 9-3-25 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-04
Title:   Bro Andrew Glover | Cast Not Away Your Spiritual Confidence| 9-3-25
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oO3EBITy_QA
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardoning and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. My sins all washed away. Let's all stand. No one knew how alone I was feeling. And the empty days I tried so hard to hide. Oh, I had to say life was fine without you. I was covering up secret tears. I cried. And then one day someone told me of your mercy. And the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. There you purchased my redemption. When you broke sin's power, set my spirit free. Well, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. My sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I failed you, Lord. You know many times I've gone astray. I've learned your love. It is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. Well, no one else has ever cared for me like Jesus. Other friends could never be so close to me. I'm not afraid. face the problems of tomorrow. [Music] Everything I [Music] [Applause] see away my sins are washed. to wait till I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you came through your preious blood. I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. My sins are washed away. How many's thankful for that this evening? &gt;&gt; Amen. Won't you go ahead and give him a hand clap of praise? [Music] &gt;&gt; How many's looking forward to the service this evening? &gt;&gt; I mean, did you come in expectation that the Lord is going to move? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. If you didn't, it's time to get that way. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Brian, you care to open the service in prayer for us? Gracious heaven knowing Godastry and thirsty father let our hearts be God that our beain promise youain father that we come Lord God that we would not leave the same pray for yourself out of in the name of the Lord Jesus. Well, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No pain's holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, and I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, and I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer mine. [Music] No more chains holding me. My soul resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, and I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bind. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Amen. You can be seated with There are some things that I may not know. There are some places that I just can't go. [Music] Well, but I am sure of this one thing that my God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. Oh my God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. I know his love for me. His life is for my God is real. For I can't feel him in my soul. will I cannot take. Oh, just how it f when Jesus washed my sins all away. Oh, but since that day, oh, since that hour, my God has been real. Well, I can feel his mighty power. Can you believe that this morning? Oh, my God is real. He's really in my soul. Oh, my God is real and made me whole. I know his love for me is like you know. Oh my God is real. For I can't feel him in my soul. Some fools may die [Music] and some fish may scare and just leave me alone. [Music] and ask for me. I'm going to take God's call. For my God is real and I can feel him in my heart. Oh my God is real. He's real in my soul. Oh my God is real. He has washed and made me behold. I know his love for me is like my God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. Some folks may die [Music] and some folks may stone, [Music] but all can go on and just leave me alone. [Music] As for me, I'll take God's call. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] really Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] [Applause] Father Oh, [Music] God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] The highway just like that will even on time. God gone. Yes, he is. But now he's an on time gone. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Is he? Well, you can ask the Hebrew children that were thrown into the flame. They would only serve Jehovah. They wouldn't bow to any other name. Well, the fire was seven times hotter and it looked like hope was gone. But in the midst of the flame, that fourth man came and the fire couldn't do any harm. Well, he's an on time god. Yes, he is. Well, now he's an on time god. Yes, he is. Yeah. Now, you may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Amen. Let's all stand this evening. [Music] When I by and by, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. And we'll understand it better by and by. We're now by and by. When that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by trials dark and we cannot understand that God will lead us to that blessed promised land. But he'll guide us with his eye and we'll follow till we rise. We'll understand it better by and by. We'll now find and find when that morning comes. When all the saints of God are gone, we will tell the story how we've overcome. And we'll understand it better by will temptations hidden often take us unaware. And our hearts are made to bleed any thought in this word or deed. And we wonder why the test when we try to do our best. We'll understand it better by and by. Now by and by. When that morning comes, when all the saints of God are getting it home, we'll tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. [Music] [Music] One night while on life's ragency, it looked as If I suffered defeat as the blackness of night closed off the light, my heart sank with fear. My dead cry rang out with fright. All I could see was no hope inside. The faith all be gone. I bet the one came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. Well, he made a way, but there was no way that I could see. Well, I drifted so far. Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Save from all harm. Well, I met the one who came looking for me. Well, old Satan had already picked down my grave. His plan was to fall and put me away. I drifted so far, would anyone care I'd soon be lost. I knew my instruction matter of time. Jesus appeared said this one's mine. Save from my heart. I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. Well, he made a way when there was no way that I could see. I drifted so far. Jesus was to rescue my soul and calm my feet. Save from all as I walk came looking for me. Well, old Satan had already picked out my grave. His plan was to f me away. Well, I drifted it so far. Anyone care I'd soon be lost. Well, I knew my destruction matter of time. Jesus appeared. Said this for my came looking for me. He came looking for me. Well, he made a way. There was no way that I could see. When I drifted so far, Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my feet. I'm saved from all harm cuz I be the one came looking for me. Amen. Aren't you glad, thankful that he came looking for you? Amen. Victory is mine. Victory. Well, victory, victory shall be mine. Well, victory, victory shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Victory, victory shall be mine. And now victory, victory shall be mine. The victory, victory shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Victory, victory shall be mine. With my freedom, freedom shall be mine. Let freedom, freedom shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord find my battle. Freedom, freedom shall be mine. When I victory, victory shall be mine. With victory, victory shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Victory, victory shall be mine. Will now joy, joy shall be mine. Well, joy, joy shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord find my battle. Joy, joy shall be mine. Now, victory, victory shall be mine. Will victory, victory shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Victory, victory shall be mine. When I heal it, heal it shall be mine. Well, heal it. Heal it shall be mine. If I hold my peace, then the Lord fight my battle. Healing, healing shall be mine. Then deliverance, deliverance shall be mine. Deliverance, deliverance shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Deliverance, deliverance shall be mine. Well, now victory, victory shall be mine. Well, victory, victory shall be mine. If I hold my peace, let the Lord find my battle. Victory, victory shall be mine. Amen. I don't know if anybody's got a special this evening. I asked a couple, but kind of been denied. I thought about giving Gabriella a microphone if she wants to sing over there. I don't think she wants to. Amen. Do you love the Lord this evening? Amen. I thank you for all he's done for us. Amen. Is anybody? Nobody. Brother Travis, you want to sing? A um Oh, the blood of Jesus. Well, oh, the blood of Jesus. Well, oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. When I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus, I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus [Music] that washes white as snow. Will I say, "Oh, the blood of Jesus." Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood of Jesus that washes me white as snow. Amen. How many thankful for the blood of Jesus Christ? Amen. You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. We just certainly say it's a privilege to be in the house of the Lord and just want to remember uh Lillian, sister Lillian in prayer uh tonight and she's been recovering and um has another appointment to go back to. And so we just trust that the Lord will continue to heal her body and give her strength and and uh so maybe if there's anybody else has a need on their heart tonight, maybe lift your hand to the Lord. also want to remember uh uh sister Joyce and brother Randall and also Sister Sandy Fitzgerald. She'll be coming back home at the end of this month just but just want to remember them in prayer as well. So if you have a need just lift your hand to the Lord. Let's just ask the Lord to come tonight. Lord Jesus Lord how we love you tonight Lord God we thank you for a time to be able to come and Lord just to fellowship around the word of God. And Lord, we just ask you tonight, Lord, that you would come in a special way. Lord, I pray that you would minister to every heart. And Lord, you know the needs of the people here tonight. And Lord, we just want to make a preparation, Lord, for you to be able to come and speak to our hearts. Lord, our brother that's labored over the word. And God, how you've given a a word to come and speak tonight. Lord, we just pray that he could get out of the way, God, that we could pull from the gift of God, Lord, and receive something from you. And we'll thank you for all that you do for us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Can we sing? My God is awesome. My God is awome. He can move a mountain. Keep me in the valley. hide me from the rain. My God is awome. He is awome. He is awome. He is awesome. My God is awome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. [Music] My God is awesome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened. Forever he will reign. My God is awome. He is awome. He is awome. He is awome. My God is awome. Yes, he is awome. He is awome. He is awome. My God is awesome. The savior of this whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I am healed. My God is awesome. Today I stand forgiven. His grace is why I'm living. I praise his holy name. My God is awome. You are awome. Oh Lord, you're awome. Yes, you are awome. My God is awome. He is awome. Yes, he is awome. I said you are awesome. Well, my God is awesome. The savior of this whole world. How many can testify that tonight? Yes. By his stripes, I've been healed. My God is awesome. Today I stand forgi. Your grace is why I'm living. I praise your holy name. My God is awome. He is awome. He is awome. Oh Lord, you're awome. I say you're worthy. You are worthy. Lord, you're worthy of all my praise. Yes, you are worthy. You are worthy. You are worthy of all my praise. My God is awesome. Savior of this whole world. He's the giver of salvation. By his triumphs I've been healed. My God is awesome. Today I stand forgi. Grace is why I'm living. I'll praise your holy name. My God is awesome. You are awome. You are awesome. Yes, Lord. You're awesome. My God is awesome. Yes, he is awome. Yes, you are awesome. Oh Lord, you're awesome. Amen. Is he awesome to you tonight? Won't you give him another hand clap of praise? I believe he's an awesome God. He's worthy of every every moment that we could give him. He's worthy worthy of every praise that we could give him out of our lips. And I believe every minute that we spend worshiping God is a worthy cause. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. I said you love the Lord tonight. Amen. How many's looking forward to the to the word of God? Amen. And we certainly uh look forward to what God has in store. And and we uh I know Brother Andrew has a great ministry that God has blessed him with. Always been a blessing uh to us. And so we just want to pull from the gift of God. And uh even on a Wednesday night, Amen. I I like what brother Andrew says sometimes. He says, "Well, it's Wednesday night. We might as well have church." And like whatever, I don't think it matter if it was Tuesday or Thursday or Friday. I think he's going to say the same thing. And I I just come to have church tonight. Amen. Just to hear from the Lord. And you know, there's a there's a real cause and there's a sincerity in the hearts of the believers that uh that we have a real need and we're looking to be led of the Lord. And I believe that God is more than able to lead us through every aspect of our life, every decision, uh, that we ever make. God is more than able to lead us. And so, uh, we just want the Lord to be able to come and speak to us tonight. Amen. How many's How many's looking forward to that? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can we sing Let the Worshippers Arise as we invite Brother Andrew to come tonight? Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. [Music] Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] [Applause] Let the sons and daughters see. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. How many's looking forward coming down tonight? Oh, this is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Yes, my Lord. Let the sons and daughters sing. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. But from my heart there comes an anthem. Oh, hear my praises ring. This is my song. I sing to my king. Let the worshippers arise. [Applause] Let the sons and daughters sing. Oh, I surrender my all. Oh yes. I surrender to thee. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many can testify tonight? Amen. That you're here to worship the Lord. Amen. We've not gathered here for any other purpose tonight but to worship him. Amen. I believe he's worthy of all of our praise. I believe he's worthy of all of our worship tonight. Amen. I know was thinking today the prophet of God talking about the world falling apart and we definitely can look around and see amen that the world is falling apart and everything that can be shaken will be shaken. But praise God there's a people in the last days that the devil will never defeat. Amen. He will never he will never conquer this bride cuz she is greater than any spirit or any enemy against her. Amen. Amen. How many can just say thank you Lord for your grace. Amen. Maybe tonight we just bow our hearts for a word of prayer. Amen. I know it's a a midweek service and I know the enemy is battling and doing everything he can. But I wonder how many just raise your hands tonight and say, "Lord, I've come to worship you. I've come to honor you. I've come to bless your name. And I know if if I'll surrender and you'll come in the building, something will happen tonight." Let's approach him, shall we? Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this Wednesday evening, Father, I know the enemy is doing everything he can to defeat and discourage the children of God. But Lord, we're not standing here tonight upon our own human ability, Father. But Lord, we're standing here upon the authority of your word, Lord, knowing that heaven and earth will pass away, but your word shall never pass away. And Lord, we gather here tonight, no doubt, with many needs in our heart, many, many situations maybe that believers are facing here. But Lord, I stand here tonight confident in this one thing. Lord, there is nothing in the past, the present, or the future, Lord, that can defeat the faith of a child of God. For Lord, when faith is truly been revealed in the heart of a believer, Lord, your prophet said faith knows no hindrances. It's the master of all circumstances. And tonight, Lord, as we have come here to receive something from your word. I pray that you would send the spirit of wisdom and revelation into the building. Lord, I pray you would bind the hand of the enemy. Father, Lord, I pray that the anointing, Lord, that destroys the yoke of the enemy. Father, may it rain down in this building tonight in power and demonstration, oh God. Lord, I pray for every person tonight that may be sick and body. Lord, we know that you're a healer. Father, may the may the healing virtues of Calvary flow through sick bodies, Lord. Father, for those that are bound, Lord, may the liberating grace of Almighty God. Lord, may it come in this building and liberate hearts and minds tonight, Lord. Father, if there be one discouraged, I pray the spirit of encouragement would come. Lord, I pray tonight, Lord, that you would just bless each and every one that has put forth an effort tonight, Lord, to travel down the highway to be in your house. Lord, you are not going to leave us unrewarded. Father, may you reward the faith of your children here tonight. Father, forgive us of our failures, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings, oh God. Lord, may this not be just another service, Lord, but may it be a time of transformation in your presence. And Lord, we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray. And all the believers says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." And amen. God richly bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles while you're standing with us tonight, we want to go to the word of the Lord to the book of Hebrews, the 10th chapter. the book of Hebrews, the 10th chapter. We want to say God bless you all tonight. It is a real honor to be home. It's been a few days since we've seen you and spoke to you, but we have been uh been enjoying the word of the Lord here. The men of God bringing the word. And I tell you that that sermon on the se the swer and the seed. Amen. Amen. I believe tonight the seed of God will have a harvest. Amen. There will be a material materialization of that seed. And amen. Tonight we just have a few things here we want to share with you from the word of the Lord in the book of Hebrews the 10th chapter. You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hebrews chapter 10 and verse number 35. Just want to read one verse here. Paul writing he says cast not away therefore your confidence. Notice he didn't say cast not therefore away confidence. He said, "Cast not away your confidence, which hath great recompense of reward." Maybe we just read that verse together. Hebrews 10:35. Cast not away therefore your confidence which hath great recompense of reward. Amen. We ask Lord this evening to bless the reading of his word as you can have your seat here this afternoon. I I want tonight by the help of the Lord to speak to you here for a few moments on something that's just um recently come up on our heart. We were out in Pennsylvania uh this past weekend for a camp there and I was went there and I thought I had all my sermons lined out and what I was going to speak on and uh Thursday night I was getting ready for service and I wasn't preaching that night so I was just listening to a tape and I thought I had what I was going to speak on the next night and I heard brother Bram say this word confidence and then things started connecting and and so tonight I just want to share a little bit of that with you tonight. If I would, if I would take a title tonight, I want to speak to you on this. Cast not away your spiritual confidence. Amen. And I believe if there ever was a time, Amen, that we as believers need spiritual confidence, I believe we need it right now. Amen. I think of what the prophet of God would say. He said, "You got to know what you're doing. You got to have confidence in what you're doing." Another place you would say, you've got to believe. You've got to have faith. And you've got to have confidence. You got to believe. You got to have faith and you got to have confidence. And how can you have confidence in anything that you don't even know where you are going? He said, "How can I travel down a road that I never been before at a break uh break neck speed and all around the curves, not knowing, amen, what the next curve holds?" You've got to see, amen, where you're going or you don't know how to walk. See, and that's the way everyone should be. And then when you can see it, amen, it's revealed to you and you know where you are going. Amen. Amen. If you can see it, then it's revealed to you and you know where you're going. He said, then nothing is going to stop you. Amen. Amen. That's more than just a good word, but that's a divine promise that if you can see where you're going, Amen. then nothing is going to stop you. Now, amen. And I speak of this confidence. I believe that natural confidence is good. I believe we should all have it. Amen. But I believe more than anything we must have, Amen. spiritual confidence. And when you look there at the definition of that word, it is the feeling or the belief that one can rely on someone, amen, or something. It is a firm trust. It is a a secret or a private matter that is told to someone. Amen. Under a condition of trust. So, amen. There is a confidence, but then there is a spiritual confidence. And I I love this definition. It is a deep unwavering belief. Amen. And trust in a higher power. Amen. in divine wisdom that is in one's own soul. Amen. Which provides inner strength and resilience to navigate life's challenges. Amen. It's not pride or arrogance. Amen. But it's a humble conviction that is rooted, amen, in one's connection to something greater than oneself. Amen. And it leads to peace, love, and a fearless approach, amen, to life's uncertainties. Amen. Amen. If you got a spiritual confidence, you're not just tied to the preacher. Amen. You're not just tied to the church or you're not just tied to your favorite preacher or you're not just tied to your favorite meeting, but rather, Amen, you're tied to something that's of a higher power. Amen. And it is rooted in your soul. I I love in Hebrews 10 when Paul says that in the Amplified Bible, it says in verse 35, "Do not therefore fling away, Amen. your fearless confidence." Amen. Amen. Don't just throw it away, for it has a glorious Amen. and a great reward. I think of what the prophet of God would say. He said, "What I'm trying to say is don't never lose your confidence." &gt;&gt; He said, "Don't let Satan tell you evil about me because there's much." Amen. But you keep that confidence cuz if you don't, Amen. then it won't happen. So don't look to me as a man. He says, "I'm a man. I'm full of mistakes." Amen. But look to what I'm saying about him. Amen. It's him. He's the one. Now, I think it's amazing that all God is really desiring from us as believers. Amen. Is he is desiring our confidence. Amen. Amen. Our confidence in him. Amen. Our confidence in his word, our confidence in his power. I think of what the prophet of God would say to read a few quotes to lay a foundation. And he said, "Father, we know that he is here tonight because he promised to be." And our confidence is anchored in him, in his word. Another place he would say, "The reason that we can love him." Amen. And put our confidence is because he is truthful to his promise. Another place he would say, "The Lord has already provided a lamb." He said, "Remember, it was a female sheep. It wasn't a ram. It wasn't a female sheep. It was a ram." He said, "Jesus was a man." He said, "Man was God and God dwelt in and he was the sacrificial ram and he has already provided." What a what a what a what a place to place your confidence in tonight. Amen. That God is not providing, but rather he's already provided everything we have need of. He said, "See, we don't have to wait for him to come or something another for sacrifice to be provided." Amen. It's already provided. The only thing we have to do is put our confidence in faith, amen, in God's sacrifice that's already provided. How can we put our confidence in this written word of God? Amen. Because it's so inspired and every phase of it hangs together and it's drawing a picture for us of what God was and what God is and what God always will be. He said, now notice, you people all must remember this. Amen. That God cannot change. Amen. And he's the unchangeable God. Amen. Times change and people change. Amen. But God is infinite. He cannot change. He must remain the same yesterday. Amen. Today and forever. And if we believe this to be the word of God, amen, then we can put our confidence on anything, amen, that he said. Now, Amen. I think it's amazing that in this hour when the world, amen, is full of uncertain sounds. Amen. The prophet of God would say, "There's an uncertain sound on the job. There's uncertainty in national affairs." Amen. There's uncertainty in politics. Amen. Do you realize even in our home lives there's uncertainties? He said, "You say, "Well, brother Brandon, Amen. Everything's uncertain. Is there anything that's certain?" Oh, yes. Amen. Amen. There's one thing that's eternally certain. Amen. You can never get away from it. Amen. Heavens and earth will pass away. Amen. But my word shall not pass away. Then it is eternal certain. Amen. Now we see that we cannot put confidence in national affairs. We cannot put confidence in our job. We cannot put confidence in politics. We cannot put confidence in denomination. But there is one thing that is certain and that is God's word and God's promise. And when God says anything that settles it forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't know if it's possible to turn these off. I'll just use my ear. Amen. There is no confidence in our jobs. Amen. Amen. Now, you know, you go in tomorrow and they hand you slips, say, "Find somewhere else to work." Or, "Amen. There's no confidence in home life. There there's no confidence in in in in Amen. Amen. We'll get through it." Amen. There's no confidence in anything outside of the word of God. Now, I find it amazing that that that people Amen. they're looking for something to put their confidence in. That's why, Amen. that y'all remember a few years ago when we had the 9/11 attacks, Amen. I heard a preacher say, he said, "I went down to the church to pray." He said when I heard about the attacks and he said when I pulled up he said I couldn't even find a parking spot in my own church parking lot. He said the entire parking lot was full of people. He said they were running amen to the church house when trouble come. He said now look they're looking for something to put their confidence in. Let me ask you this. If you're going to put your confidence in denomination, Amen. which one are you going to put it in? The prophet of God said there's 900 different ways. Amen. One's going this way, one's going that way, one's going this way. Amen. Where are you going to put your confidence? But I say, thank God that he would send a prophet in the last days, in this time of uncertainty. He would not just come to restore the child. He would not come just to restore the gifts. He would not come just to restore feelings. Amen. But he would come to restore our spiritual confidence. Amen. And a prophet of God, amen, is not coming among the church just to do something. Amen. He is positioningly placing things. I love what he says. He said, "I'm an old man now." And I can call to the world a standstill and I can ask them, "Put your finger on one thing that he ever told me in thus sayaith the Lord in the name of the Lord." Amen. But what was absolutely the truth and the fact. Amen. And come to pass, listen, out of the thousands times thousands of things. He said, "Now what I'm saying that for," Amen. I've put us all as volcanic dust. Amen. But it's the promise of God's word. He said, "Now listen, therefore I cannot have confidence in myself and you cannot have confidence in yourself." Amen. But together, Amen. Amen. But together we can have confidence in what has taken over ourselves. Amen. I can't have confidence in you and you cannot have confidence in me. Amen. But if we put our confidence in the Holy Ghost, glory to God. He said the Holy Spirit has taken us over and we must have confidence in that. And as we place our confidence in that, Amen. then the results come. Amen. I think it's amazing that we're not just throwing our confidence out there and wherever it lands is where we're going to put it. Amen. But we are to place it. Amen. And to place something, it means to put it in a particular spot. It means to put importance on. It means it means to arrange or to position. Amen. Or to set something carefully and deliberately in its proper location or order. Listen, your faith don't belong in a man. Your faith don't belong in a church. Your faith don't belong in the denomination. Your faith belongs in the word of God. And I say, thank God he sent a prophet in the last days to take a hold of the faith of this generation and positionally place it in the word. Amen. I can't help but think of what David said. He said, "Some trust in chariots." Amen. And some in horses. Amen. But we will remember the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Some put their confidence in chariots. Brother Roy. Some put their confidence in horses. But David, David said, "I'm going to put my confidence in the Lord our God." Now, amen. You start thinking about this. You think about David. He was a man who had to know where his confidence was. He was always meeting the enemy, right? Amen. He was always facing spirits and he was always in spiritual warfare. Amen. I think one of the most one of the most notable battles that he was a part of. Amen. As little David went out there one day and he met that Goliath. Remember, Amen. and he looked at Goliath and and the Bible says that Saul, Amen, told him, "Amen, take my armor out there and amen, go out there and fight with it." So they put Saul's, amen, ecclesiastical vest on him. He said, but the problem was it didn't fit a man of God. He said. So he looked at him and said, "Take that thing off of me." Amen. I've never proved it. I don't know nothing about it, but I do know about this. Amen. What a silly thing it was in the face. Amen. Of Saul for David to stand there and to reject his armor. But David said, "Listen, if it's so good, why don't you go fight with it?" Amen. But Saul didn't have no confidence in it. And David sure wasn't going to put confidence in it. He said, "But I'm going to take this little slingshot." He said, "Let me go with what I've got confidence in." And he took that little slingshot and he went out there and God directed that rock. Amen. And he slew that giant. He said, "Why?" He stayed with the word. Amen. He stayed on his conviction. Listen, this is not the time, amen, to back off of our convictions. This is not the time to back off of what God has revealed to our soul. If there's ever been a time, amen, to stand like David. If there's ever been a time to believe like David, I say now is the time. Now is the season. Hell is against us. The demon powers are flowing in. But God who is rich in mercy has restored confidence in the word of God. And with that confidence, we can meet every devil. We can slay every giant. We can walk over every mountain. We can claim every promise. We can stand on the infallibility of the word of God knowing where our confidence has been put. My I don't have confidence in education, but I do have confidence in revelation. &gt;&gt; I don't have confidence in psychology, but I do have confidence in the anointing. I don't have confidence, amen, in human approaches to fixing problems, but I do have confidence in the supernatural God. He said, "That's the reason I got confidence in the Bible because it's the truth." Now, I think it's powerful. Amen. Amen. that lay out a sea. Amen. Is trying to influence and it's trying to control. Amen. Where you place your confidence. The prophet of God said the handwrite on the wall. He said, "Then you'll think about your old cold." Amen. Formal stay at home at night. A amen. Watching We Love Suzy. Amen. Watching all those kind of idiotic things. Amen. Amen. And putting your confidence in some prostitute out there. He said, "That's been married four or five times." He said, "You make them your idols and and you turn them on your television and you let your little children see them." He said, "Then you run out to barrooms." Now, watch a prophet. You run out to barrooms. Amen. And go to church. Amen. And then think you're somebody. He said, "You're weighed in the balance and you're found wanting." Amen. God requires a man to die out to self and to be born again by the Holy Ghost. Amen. I'll tell you why men can do that. It's cuz they got their confidence in the denomination and not in the word. Amen. The denomination says, "Live any way you want to and come to church and you're okay." Amen. But the word says a man must die and be born again of the water, of the blood, and of the spirit. He said, "That's what the supernatural." He said, "Now, what's the supernatural doing?" Amen. Now, do you understand? Amen. Can you see why the ministry is battling? Amen. Can you see why the ministry is battling with all their heart in this last hour? It's a serious thing. Amen. See where you're hanging. Amen. By morning, it may be over. Amen. I know people don't like this kind of preaching. Amen. But somewhere or another, we got to remember, Amen. that Russia's got a bomb with America's name on it. Amen. Somewhere we got to remember that there is a tribulation period. Somewhere we got to remember there is a hell to shun and a heaven to gain. Amen. Somewhere the church of the living God has got to remember. Amen. We're not just going to keep having services. Listen, there's coming an end to this thing, folks. Amen. We're not just here, Amen, to have church and church. Listen, I say this could be the night the rapture, amen, could move in and our bodies could be changed. I say if there's ever been a time, amen, to get our confidence out of Leosa, get our confidence out of Hollywood, get our confidence out of national affairs and get our confidence back in the supernatural attribute of the almighty God, I say now is the time to do it. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. The true ministry. Amen. They're not laying down. They're fighting. Amen. They're battling. Amen. But they're battling spirits. Amen. And I say, "Thank God for every man of God that's got enough guts about him to stand behind a pulpit and say what a prophet said." &gt;&gt; And then I tell you what's happening. The preacher is not after you. He's after the devil that's trying to take over your confidence and misplace it. You know what the Bible says in John 10? The Bible says the thief, he cometh not but for to steal and to kill and to destroy. But you know what Jesus said? He said, "I am come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly." Amen. Do you realize what a thief is? A thief is an embezzler. A thief is a prolifer. Amen. That word thief, the name is transferred, amen, to false teachers who do not care to instruct men but abuse their confidence for their own gain. A amen. So a thief is a man who gets behind a pull pit and gets your confidence. Amen. but don't have the guts to tell you the truth. He don't have the guts to tell you you shouldn't wear that and you shouldn't go there and you shouldn't watch that. Amen. But I say thank God we don't have a thief for a pastor. We have a man of God for a pastor. I say thank God we don't have a church full of preaching thieves. We have some men of God who have got a backbone when it comes to the word of God. And they will declare war on every devil that tries to misplace your confidence in the hour that you're living in. Amen. And I'll say any preacher, amen, that you put your spiritual confidence in, amen, in them instead of the word, Amen, that's a thief. Any man that'll take your spiritual confidence, amen, over the word is a thief. And I'll say this, they're taking something, amen, that don't belong to them. Amen. Amen. Your spiritual confidence don't belong to me. It don't belong to brother Matt. It don't belong to this church. It belongs to God. And God dictates where you place it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, I know somebody said, "Well, that's a little that's a little far out there." No, I'm in the message. Remember, Brother Brian, Brother Brim told about that girl laying down there in the hospital. He said she was dying on her deathbed. He said, "All at once, she began to face reality." He said, "Now, what happened?" He said, "She was a loyal church member. She was a Sunday school teacher. She was a loyal church member of a fine big denominational church. But when she started to die, when the death rattles come into her heart, she began to scream out, "I'm lost." Amen. I'm lost. You know what she said? She said, "I'm lost. Go get the pastor." You know what the pro of God said? He said he had to put his cigarette out. Amen. To walk in there. Amen. Now watch. Imagine having a pastor. You're dying on your deathbed and they got to go get him and he's got to put his cigarette out. Amen. Before he comes in there. Now, now we can be politically correct and we can call him a pastor, but I'm going to call him what the Bible called him. The Bible called him a thief. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; See, go get that pastor. Put his cigarette out. And here he come. He said, "Oh, just shoot her with another hypo." She said, "I don't want no hypo." She said, "You deceiver of man. I'm dying and I'm going to hell and I'm lost because you failed to tell me the truth." He said, she said, "Go get that little good use girl and bring her up here to me real quick." She is right. Brother said, "Now wait." Amen. Till you face the reality. Amen. Don't you try to stop that holy hush. Amen. Don't you blast it away with some modern educational double barrel shotgun. You listen to the warning of the Holy Ghost tonight that's warning you. And what's he saying? I am the way. I am the truth. I am the life. And no man cometh unto the father. Amen. But by me. Listen what a prophet said. He said that hypo needle. Amen. It might dead inen the flesh and it might dead inen the mind, but that cannot deaden that soul that knows it's open before God. It'll haunt her through the ceaseless ages and through eternity. Amen. That soul will still haunt and haunt and haunt as the ages roll on. Amen. And the reason she got in that condition, Amen, was some thief. Amen. Was more interested in her pocketbook or interested in her standing. Amen. and said, "Just go be a Sunday school teacher. Just go be a loyal church member and I'll smoke my cigarette." Amen. But when reality struck, Amen. her misconfidence had been misplaced. Are you hearing me? Amen. Can I just tell you what the Bible says in Proverbs 25:19? It says, "Confidence in an unfaithful man in the time of trouble is like a broken tooth and a foot out a joint." Well, I might as well preach. Amen. You ain't going to do any eating with a broken tooth. And you ain't going to do no walking with a foot out a joint. Amen. You know what that word unfaithful means? It means to act deceitfully. That's right. &gt;&gt; It means to act faithlessly. Amen. But I want to say what David said. He said, "God is our refuge and God is our strength. He is a very present help in the time of trouble." David goes on to say in Psalms 118:8, "It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man. It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in princes." Brother Be said, "Don't never trust in some man. I don't care who he is. If he's a holy man, if he's a good, there's no such a thing. There is no holy man." &gt;&gt; Can I preach? There is no holy church. There is no such a thing. It's a holy God, not a holy man. It's the Holy Ghost. Y'all remember Peter up there on the mountain? He referred to the mountain and called it the holy mountain. Brother said, "Oh no." Amen. It was not the holy mountain. It was the holy God that met them on the mountain. He said, "Not the holy man, but the Holy Spirit working in that man. The man will fail." Now, now, can we just preach? The man will fail. He's a failure to begin with. the very greatest of man fall. So don't you never put your confidence and make some man your example. You look to Christ. Christ is your example. He said don't put your confidence in a man. When now now I know this is a touchy one. When that man leaves the word of God, you leave the word and stay with a man. Follow him on the tribulation. Pack your babies into the pits of hell. When a man leaves the word, Amen. You leave the man. See, you leave the man and stay with God and the word. &gt;&gt; And if the man wasn't a thief, he would tell you that. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. &gt;&gt; I'm just going to preach a little bit. If the man wasn't a thief, he would tell you, you stay with the word. But I'll tell you what happens. Amen. Is nobody wants to confront the devil that's really trying to place your confidence in himself. Now, I I got to go on and say what Solomon says. He says, "For the Lord thy God shall be thy confidence and shall keep thy foot from being taken." I love what a prophet says. He said, "My confidence is in him, in him, the God of heaven." Amen. Now, I'll just say what a prophet said. He said, "Fear is the greatest plague on the Christian church today." Now, you all know how, amen, that people get so far off the word is because a prophet said, "Man binds people to themselves." Amen. by fear. Amen. Rather than binding the people to the word. Prophet of God come along and said, "What makes fear is a lack of confidence." If you lack confidence, it'll make you fear. But if you love, it casts away that fear. And that's the way God wants his church. Not so many charter members. He wants members that's loyal members that loves and believes and has confidence in him. Now, let me just say, a true believer cannot have fear. Amen. and confidence at the same time. Because confidence makes you fearless. Amen. When you have spiritual confidence, it makes you fearless. Before the world ever began, you got to know the gods you're serving. Before the world ever began, he knowed all about it. Listen, he is omnisient because he's omnipresent. And omnisient makes him omnipresent. Listen, he knowed how many times that you would batch your eyes. Amen. What you would think before the world ever started. Then what are we afraid about? Amen. God is our father. He's our father. We have no worry. He said, "People has just lost their faith and their confidence in him." Don't you ever forget this, church. God is a supernatural God. He is not a natural God. He is not an intellectual God. He is a supernatural God. And I think it's amazing in the time when the supernatural element of God would return to the church is when carnal impersonators would begin to rise and the prophet of God said, "What's happened?" He said, "On the platform or somewhere I got a personally where I can speak to them and I can see what is wrong with him." He said, "Then if we could wait a few minutes, we'll see what the Lord says back." He says, "Now you be sure that that's God that says that and not an impression." As I said the other night, amen, there's too many gimmicks in Pentecost. &gt;&gt; He said that's the reason the sincerity and the confidence has been lost is because of carnal impersonations. If we were sure that was God, we would set still. So when we have thus sayeth the Lord, you be sure that it's God. It's not your own fault or an impression or a pulsation. You got to know that it's God. Amen. Can I say this to you? We do not have to accept, Amen. some cheap man-made impersonation of the supernatural return of living God. Listen, we've already had a sign in the hand. We've already seen the discernment of the spirit. We've already heard from our theophony under the opening of the third pole. We are not looking for another man, amen, to rise up, amen, to lead this bride. We are underneath the leadership of the Holy Ghost and we're not afraid of it. We're not embarrassed of it. We're not humiliated by it. As a matter of fact, brother Bobby, all my spiritual confidence is in the leadership abilities of Almighty God. &gt;&gt; Now, I'll just say this. Amen. When you lose your spiritual confidence, it can affect others. &gt;&gt; The Bible says in in John chapter 11 that Mary and Martha's brother Lazarus died. Y'all remember that? You know what the prophet God said? He said they had left their church and followed this man Jesus. He said, "And in their darkest hour, it didn't seem like he even cared." He said, "And this man that they had left their church for, they were followed him and now seemed to disappoint them." He said, "But watch as Martha." Amen. Martha approaches the Lord. You know what she says? Well, if God was in Elijah the prophet, surely he's in his son. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well, she said, "Now, if I can only get to him, no matter what he done, what a mistake it looked like." Amen. She went to him with reverence and fell down before him and said, "Lord, if thou would have been here, my brother would not have died." I love what a prophet said. She hadn't lost confidence. He said, "Now watch. If you had been here, my brother would not have died. But even now, now come on." That was not her feelings speaking. That was not her emotion speaking. Martha was still a human, saints. Amen. But she had a confidence in her soul. Amen. That though he's dead and though the skin worms are eating him up, but even now, Amen. Whatever you ask God, Amen. God will give it to thee, oh church, in the darkest hour that that family had ever seen. Their spiritual confidence had went beyond the fact they had left. Amen. To follow this man, Jesus. It had went beyond their friendship. It had went beyond their communication with him. their oh come their spiritual confidence amen was anchored in a higher power and that higher power was anchored in their soul and in the most shaken times in the most troublesome times they could look there and say but I know he's going to raise again because my confidence is in the right place what are you saying preacher I'm saying we must have spiritual confidence and we must allow it to be placed in God said if our hearts condemn us amend is greater than our hearts heart. Amen. And knoweth all things. Behold, beloved, if our heart condemnth not, then we have confidence. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If our heart condemnth not, then we have confidence toward God. How many say, "Lord, I want a complete deliverance." &gt;&gt; Amen. You know what the prophet said? He said, "We want total deliverance from our habits, from our sins, from our evil thinking, &gt;&gt; from our evil doing, from our own negligence, whatever we've done. We want total deliverance so that when people come into this church to be prayed for, they'll be just this little group. Maybe not over a hundred or two sitting here, but they'll be completely in the hands of God. And when we pray, then God will hear from heaven. God wants somebody that he can hold in his hands. Somebody that he can say, "I got confidence in. I can send this my sick servant to the Brandom Tabernacle at Jeffersonville." And that group of people are in one accord and something will happen. Well, folks, let's not leave it in Jeffersonville. I say, God, I want a church. We want to be a church that you can send somebody that's weary, somebody that's bound, somebody that's depressed to Grace Tabernacle in Black Rockck, Arkansas. And there'll be a group of believers in there. They'll be in one mind and one accord. And they'll all have their spiritual confidence in the right place. And there'll be a miracle happen. There'll be a soul get saved. There'll be a vessel get filled. Listen, I think it's time to quit playing church. I think it's time to quit talking about what God did and talking about what God will do and open up our eyes and recognize we are living in the greatest power that the church of the living God has ever seen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Whatever we ask, we receive of him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because we keep his commandments. And now, can I read the rest of it? &gt;&gt; And we do those things that are pleasing in his sight. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Now, amen. I'll just say this to you. God uses flawed human beings. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Don't walk out on me. But &gt;&gt; come on now. &gt;&gt; He used your prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He used my prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you know what he said? He said, "One time the lawyer called the house." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Come on. &gt;&gt; And he said, "I went to go answer the phone." And it was a lawyer. My wife answered and I said, "Now listen, you tell them I'm not here and I'm going to step outside." And you know what he said? He said, "I did that. We got through it. Now, now let me just say this." Amen. You can get by a little bit, &gt;&gt; but then you got something to do. And so here come a man to his appointment. Brother Brandham said, "I went to lay my hand." And brother Brian, Brother Brandham, who had spoke squirrels into existence, who had broke the seven seals, who was going to reveal the mysteries of the Bible. He said, "I went to lay my hand and the spirit of the Lord said, can you lay your h can you lay your lying hands on that child?" &gt;&gt; Can you lay your lying hands on that child? I said, "Oh, I ran down to the lawyer's office and I begin to tell him." And he said, "Well, that's okay. You weren't there." I said, "I wasn't." He said, "I run out of the house and run behind the house to keep from being in there." I said, "But it's a lie anyhow." I said, "Now, will you forgive me for it?" I walked across the floor. He walked to me. He looked me straight in the eye and I could see in his great eye little tears begin to form. He took me by the hand and hugged me. And he said, "Brother Brandom, I've had great confidence in you, but I got more than ever now." &gt;&gt; You know what the promise of God said? He said, "Confidence is in a man that can say he's wrong and repent." You know what John goes on to say? He said, "This is the confidence that we have in him that if we ask anything according to his will, he will hear us." He said, "Now we ask, what is the will of God?" There is only one way to know his will, and that is by the word of God. There it is. If it isn't in the word, then you can't have it. So, we cannot ask unless it's in the word. We cannot petition unless it's in the word. He said, "There it is again." Amen. Jesus is the name and the word is his will. You cannot separate God and the word. They are one. And if we know that he hear us, if we know that he hear us, then whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him. Now listen, a prophet of God said this. He said, "God, with not confidence in my prayer, but confidence in your promise, no matter how little it is, what it is, how weak our prayer is." Amen. You promised it, Christ. Amen. Now watch a prophet. Amen. His confidence was not in his prayer. His confidence was in the promise. But there was prayer with confidence. Are you hearing me? Amen. That's why it don't take a special preacher to pray for you. &gt;&gt; Come on. Let me just go ahead and preach. Amen. That's why we don't have to all Amen. get one certain man to lay hands on us in order to get our healing. Our confidence is not in the flesh of a man. Our confidence is in the promise of Jesus Christ. When he said, "I am the Lord that healthth all thy diseases." He said, "You got to believe it." He said, "What we need today is not pray for more power. You got enough power to make a new earth. What you need is faith to use that power. What you need is to control that life and live such a godly life that when you ask God anything, you know, we have confidence in God. We know he'll keep. He'll withhold no good thing from us if we walk with him. Amen. God is walking with us. Amen. I love that. You know what Amos said? He said, "Can two walk together?" &gt;&gt; Come on now. Can two walk together except they be agreed? Now, I know this might get a little touchy. Amen. But can two walk together except they be agreed? Can you and God walk together and you got your confidence in a man and you're trying to walk with God? Can you and God fellowship together when he wants to tell you about how powerful his word is and about how rich his grace is and about how unlimited his mercy is and you want to talk about how great some preacher is or how great some church is or how great some following. Come on church, we might as well preach. Amen. How can two walk together except they be agreed? He said, "One will run this way and one will run that way and this radical run this way and that." He said, "That's the way the church has always gone." He said, "That's man." He don't want to be led by God, but whenever we get to a place that we forget that we are brethren and we're all striving for one place. Amen. That's when we've left God. When we forget that we're all on the same team. Come on, church. And we've got to rec I might as well preach. I'm here. We got to recognize one another even in our peculiarities. Well, glory to God. Somebody shout hallelujah. We got to recognize one another even in our peculiarities. He said, "I got a brother in the natural that's tall and thin and blondeheaded and pugnosed and fairs skinned. He don't look like me. We don't act alike. You would never know we was brothers." But his daddy is my daddy. Woo! Glory. His daddy is my daddy. And if the family accepted him looking the way he did, accepting me looking the way I did, then we can accept another to be brothers. Come on, church. Amen. I think we could fix a lot of nonsense if we would start trying to categorize people and stop trying to put them in this category and they're in this group and tear down all the clicks and tear down all the little feelings and just say, "God, if daddy accepted her, then I'm going to accept her. If daddy accepted me, then I'm going to accept him." &gt;&gt; Amen. You know what a prophet said? He said, "That's the way we have to do in the Christian realm. We have to believe and have faith in one another." Now, come on. When I'm going somewhere, I've just spent nearly 30 minutes telling you, amen, not to have faith in man, not to have faith in a church, not to have faith in a specific person, but have faith in God. And then a prophet comes along and says, "Have faith in one another." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, can I say what a prophet said? &gt;&gt; He said, "When the Christians lose faith in one another, the devil's got the church right then." &gt;&gt; Come on, brother. &gt;&gt; Right then. testing one, two, &gt;&gt; we got to have faith &gt;&gt; and confidence in one another. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Now, Lord, I preached this in Pennsylvania. You're going to have to help me again. &gt;&gt; Bear with one another. &gt;&gt; You know what Paul said? He said, "I would to God that you could bear with me a little &gt;&gt; in my folly." &gt;&gt; Amen. Come on. &gt;&gt; Uh, I don't know who's in the sound booth. Have they got an amen tape up there? &gt;&gt; You just put it in. It says, "Amen." Amen. &gt;&gt; You know what Paul said in Galatians 6:2? He said, "Bear ye one another's burdens." &gt;&gt; And so fulfill the law of Christ. Notice he didn't say shout down the aisle or dance down. We believe in those things. But folks, I might as well get out there. We've been doing a lot of shouting and a lot less repenting. We've been doing a lot more pushing for dancing and a lot less pushing for repenting. But if we want to shout and we want to dance, if the devil can't take it out, I say open up the blood of Jesus Christ and get back to some oldfashioned repenting and quit just trying to push things under the rug and get them underneath the blood. You want to dance? Amen. Dance on the devil's head. You want to shout, Amen. Get your sins underneath the blood and then you'll have the greatest dancing for you've ever fell on your feet. Hallelujah. Amen. Bear ye one another's burdens and so fulfill the law of Christ. And I'll just say this. Satan's after the church. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Prophet of God stood there in 1963 and he said, "Here's a word to the church." He said, "The devil will come in and shoot an arrow of poison, bitterness in." &gt;&gt; Now, I got to say what the Bible says. The devil's after the church. &gt;&gt; Now, if he knows, now this what the devil knows. He knows if the shepherd is smitten on &gt;&gt; that he can scatter the sheep. &gt;&gt; Now that's not just a good cliche. That's Zechariah 13:7. Awake, O sword, against my shepherd and against the man that is my fellow, sayaith the Lord of hosts. Smite the shepherd and the sheep shall be scattered. I will turn my hand upon the little ones. Look at this word smite. It means to strike. It means to attack and destroy. It means to conquer, to smite, means to receive a blow, to be wounded. Can I tell you what a prophet said? He said, "God be with you." He said, "Go to your churches. Support it. Stand behind your pastor. Stand behind the programs of God. Pray for your pastor." Can I give you another one? Amen. Don't forget Sunday. And don't forget Wednesday night prayer meeting. You pray for me. You pray for your pastor. You pray for your neighbor. You pray for your deacons. You pray for the trustees. Listen, pray that God will have his way with us all. Look, if it would it be good if all God's sheep when the heat was on would stand together when the trials are real hard and the heat is on and everything's going everywhere. It's all God. So a group of sheep would just stand together. We would have the coolness of the shade of each other, the comfort to lean up on each other. Now, someone said, "Is that necessary, Brother Random?" It certainly is. There's nothing like having a real good, dependable friend that when the troubles are blazing and the heat is on, you can go to this friend and you can sit down and you can explain it to them. You can talk it over in personal confidence and then kneel down and pray together and know that that person is a good God-saved man or woman that you can put confidence in. Oh, it's good to do that. Amen. Come, let us reason together. Listen, folks. You're not my enemy. You're my brother. Amen. You're my sister. I'm not your enemy. I'm your brother. But God has set some men of God in the church of God to keep the Messiah ship straight. &gt;&gt; I just got to go on and say what Paul said. He said he gave some apostles and he gave some prophets and he gave some evangelists and he gave some pastors and he gave some teachers. Now, he didn't give all prophets. He didn't give all evangelists. He didn't give all pastors, all teachers, all. No, he gave some. Look at this word pastor. It is a herdsman, especially a shepherd. It is he to whose care and control others have committed themselves and whose precepts they follow. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Look here. Now, I find this amazing, brother Joe. During World War II, this is in the Greek definition, by the way, of the word pastor. In World War II, a shepherd was a pilot who guided another pilot whose plane was partially disabled back to the base or carrier. God by flying alongside him to maintain visual contact. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Oh God, the shepherd didn't get out of his plane and get over in that plane, but they stayed together. And the shepherd had a visual contact and he kept navigating. Do this, do that, turn here, go there, pull up, pull. And he got him back safely to the base. Oh, I say, thank God. Amen. For a pastor like our pastor here. Come on, church. He ain't moving in your house. He ain't moving in your home, but he's going to stay by you and he's going to keep a visual contact with the promise of God. He's going to keep a visual contact. No matter how bad you're bruised, no matter how bad you're wounded, he's going to keep telling you you're going to make it. Amen. I know you're wounded right now, but just hold on. In a few days, we're going to shout together. Come on, church. He gave some pastors. &gt;&gt; Now, let me go on to say what else he said. In the church is the pastor, and he's a special person. &gt;&gt; You're special. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He You're &gt;&gt; He's a special pastor that could go wrong. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; We'll talk later. &gt;&gt; He's not special. He's a special pastor. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; He's built where he can put up with the fusses of the people. &gt;&gt; He's a burden bearer. &gt;&gt; He's the ox of the team. &gt;&gt; Now, here we go. He's a man that can sit down when somebody's got something against somebody else and sit down with them two families and take neither side &gt;&gt; and reason it out and bring it back into sweetness because he's a shepherd and he's got a visual contact of the future. He knows what the devil's trying to do. He knows the devil's trying to displace those two families. He's trying to displace that situation so he can move in and become the source of confidence in those famil family's lives. I say we ought to get back to letting the Holy Ghost, Amen, shepherd the church through the man of God that he has placed in the pull pit. Yes, sir. He said, you got to have faith in that pastor. You got to have faith in that man of God. He said, listen, you got to have confidence in the man you're dealing with or won't do no any good to have any dealing. You got to believe he's a good Godsave man preaching the gospel. then stand behind him with everything he's got. No, listen. Amen. If he isn't, go somewhere. But listen, if the preachers the gospel cause the man is sent from God and ordained of God to feed your soul, listen. I know they may not like it. Amen. Devils may not like it, but I say God bless you, brother Matt. Amen. God bless you for being a God-fearing, Holy Ghost fil, Bible preaching, God reverencing son of God to lead the church of God. You say, "Preacher, are you saying you got confidence? You better believe I got confidence. But I'll say this, my confidence, Amen, is not in Matt's flesh. My confidence is not in brother Matt's flesh. My confidence is in the God that's on the inside of him. Listen, don't have confidence in me and I don't have confidence in you. But if we put our confidence in the Holy Ghost that has taken over every redeemed member, then praise God, it don't matter what the devil throws against us, we got spiritual confidence. We'll crest every wave. We'll cross every mountain. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll say this. One of one of one of Now, now just let me preach a second. Out of all the things God could have chose, &gt;&gt; he chose man. &gt;&gt; He chose human instrumentality. &gt;&gt; Can I go on? There was a lot of other easier things &gt;&gt; to have spiritual confidence in &gt;&gt; but God &gt;&gt; chose man. &gt;&gt; Now brother Ram said God don't fall up on denomination so you can't put your confidence there. &gt;&gt; You know God don't fall up on mechanical devices. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So all this nonsense and I did not stutter when I said it. I said, "Nonsense." &gt;&gt; Of staying home and playing tapes and calling that the move of God has crawled out of the pits of hell. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, come on. We can we can try to splice it however we want to. It's a devil. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on. It's not the leadership of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on. Yeah. Now, now &gt;&gt; you say, "How far can it go?" I'll tell you how far it can go. It's gone as far as we got people driving to headquarters to pick up communion bread and communion wine and having communion in their homes. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. Amen. Well, I might as well preach. They used to have to make it at home, but then I guess they filmed the quote where brother said, "Holy Ghost filled hands had to make the bread." &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; And then I guess they found the other quote where brother said, "If God got the Holy Ghost, you'll go to church." So then they had to figure out some way, amen, to get out. But I tell you why we're in this shape is because people put their confidence in what a man said instead of what God said. Look, the Bible says, "Amen, unto the angel of the church and Sardis, write these things." I'm going to hurry through this. Sayaith he that has seven spirits of God and the seven stars, I know thy works. Thou hast a name that thou art livest and are dead. Reb said this. He said the seven spirits of God mean it is the one and same spirit coming forth in a seven-fold way. He said the seven spirits are found to be associated with man. Revelation 5:6 the seven spirits are identified as seven eyes. He said it is very evident that the word they refers to men. Thus we see that the eyes of the Lord in this instance are men that will be anointed men full of the Holy Ghost. For God's ministries are not in the power of men but in the power of the Holy Ghost. He said, "What's happening?" He said, "That God is bringing himself on the scene as the chief shepherd in the ministries of those seven men to lead his people back to the truth and the abundant power of that truth." Listen, as the now, now, can I just preach here for a second? As the same Lord identified himself with man in the incarnation, he is again &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. He has again identifying himself with man by his spirit within man. Jesus said these are mine. The seven spirit spiritfilled messengers are the lords. They may be repudiated. They may be questioned. Listen indeed to human minds they might not even seem to qualify but nevertheless they are the messengers for their age. Listen, God used an Abraham. He lied. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Come on. We might as well preach. He used a Moses and he rebelled. He used a Jonah and he disobeyed. He used a Samson. Listen. He used a Samson and he sinned. He used a David and he murdered. Yes, he used a Joshua. And yes, he used a Joseph. Brother David, Paul, this is what makes me put my shouting shoes on. And those with severe blemishes far outnumber those whose histories seem to be perfect. &gt;&gt; Well, there's no way God can use me. Amen. Cuz I'm not a Joshua and I'm not a Joseph. I'm an Abraham or I'm a Samson or I'm a David. Well, God used those as much as he used the others. We're all his. Amen. Listen. And through them, God will accomplish his sovereign will. Now, I want to say something to you. Amen. The God that sends the man, he goes in the man. I want to tell you that if God testifies of a gift, it's going to be one that he sent. In Hebrews 11:4, Paul says this, "By faith, Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained a witness that he was righteous." Listen, God testifying of his gifts, and by it he being dead, yet speaketh. Look at this word testify. It is to affirm that one has seen or heard or experienced something that he knows it because he was taught by divine revelation or divine inspiration. Burb said it's your character, your conduct that gives God confidence in you. That's the reason we haven't got the great church marching on today is because God can't find people to put his confidence in. He said God has to find somebody he can trust. Some are y'all hearing me? Will you hear a prophet? Somebody he can have confidence in and can have confidence in God that can believe him. God has to find somebody. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That he can put his confidence in. And then when he finds such a man, he can put his confidence in and his power in. And that man will follow the road that'll stay on the right map. We'll go right on till he comes to the place of power. Now, amen. I want I just want to slow down here and say this. Brother Bam said the hardest thing he said, "Look, I pray for the sick. I want each one of you out there to be aware of this that the Holy Spirit is right out over this audience tonight to heal anybody that's in this audience." Now, this may be a little different from what you've seen, brethren, and pray for the sick. I can only do as God tells me to do. I can only say as he says for me to do. And if I tell the truth, then God will testify. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That I've told the truth. Now, what I'm afraid of is this, dear friends. as it was back there. It'll have to be that way now. When Moses came, many refused Moses because he was a man. When G I'm reading you a quote. When Jesus came, many of them refused Jesus because he was a man. They said, "Him being a man maketh himself equal with God." Now, he was God manifested in the flesh. So, there'll never be a man like him on earth. That's right. There'll never be a man like him. But he ordained certain things to be done. And then it's so hard sometimes for people to see that because a man said so. So it's not only hard, brother Brian, for them for them to know that or to see it, but it's hard because a man said it. He said, "Now look, I'll do a work in the last days. Though a man bring it, they will not believe it." I'm not going to preach all night. Okay? Though a man bring it, they will not believe it. How many knows that's a scripture? &gt;&gt; Amen. Though a man would bring it and would speak it, they would not believe it. He said, "Now, the hardest thing God ever had to do was get one mortal to believe another." He said, "You would believe anything almost, but one person believe in another." Amen. That's a hard thing. Can you give me that picture? Amen. One person believe in another. He said, "That's a hard thing." Amen. Now, I I love this picture. I love it. Not ashamed of it. I'm not embarrassed of it. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; Now, let me say what a prophet said. Look at that. He said, "For years, I've tried ever since I've been all ever since I've been out to stand back and try to keep out of the picture." So, Brother Brandham knew there was a time coming that the pillar of fire would return to the church. He met the pillar of fire. And for now, come on, church. From 30 from from 33, Amen. all the way to to 50. He was preaching the pillar of fire is here. The pillar of fire is in this building. The pillar of fire has returned. We are following the pillar of fire. He was preaching the log go of God. But he was trying to stay out of the picture. He said, "Now just as much as I possibly could, cuz all I wanted him to see was the Lord Jesus." Can I say this to you? Amen. God had to set it up. God had to arrange it. He had to get him in such a spot where he was trying to hide. But listen folks, he knew in the last days there was going to be a people in Leosa that would not know what to follow. They would not know where to go. They would not know what to preach. And they needed a voice. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. It's one thing, brother Ed, it's one thing if we just had the pillar of fire picture. Wouldn't that be lovely? Wouldn't that be wonderful if we just had the halo? But you know what could happen, brother brother Brian? If we just had the halo, every preacher could photoshop themsel in there and say, "Say what I say." But God so set it up. God so arranged it that when the picture was taken, he had been trying to dodge it for years. He had been trying to stay out of it for years. But oh, when they took the first one, it did not develop. And when they took the second one and the third one, and the fourth and the fifth and the sixth, none of them developed. Oh, brother Joel. But when they struck that seventh picture, there was the pillar of fire and there was the seventh angel that the presence of God had identified himself with. &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm no longer looking for something to put my confidence in. My confidence is in the voice. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now that that angel's right here in this building tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, I got to I got to close right here. A message has to have a messenger. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Can I say this to you? You cannot have confidence in the message. &gt;&gt; And doubt the messenger. &gt;&gt; And you cannot have confidence in the messenger and doubt the messenger. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "The work of God is ye believing on him whom he hath sent." &gt;&gt; You know what a proto God said? &gt;&gt; He said, "People just don't realize what God can do through his servant." That's the reason today that people can't get so much done is because they've lost faith in the servants of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. Part of it's a servant's fault though. He tried to tell you God was way back years ago, but God is still God. He's right here on the earth and he's using his servants like he always did. Can I Can I say this to you? &gt;&gt; And we must expect God to do something through his servants. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm gonna just close on this. If you don't get anything out of this, out of this whole sermon, get this. Anything God has confidence in, I have confidence in. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen, &gt;&gt; brother Jared. Anything God has confidence in, I have confidence in it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You know why? Because God has confidence. It's not very deep, &gt;&gt; but it would change the way you look at the person sitting next to you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, now now I'm just going to say it because sometimes sometimes we wonder how could someone have confidence in someone or something. &gt;&gt; I was I was listening today tape, brother preaching. I was listening to a sermon he preaching. You know what he called it? He called it Corinthians, the book of correction. And he going through there and man, he's laying it out. Brother Brian, he's talking about how they go, how I come among you and one's got a psalm and one's got a tongue and one's got a feeling, one's got a sensation, one's got a new revelation. He said, "I got the awst keeping all them straight and and they depend on sensations and things like that." And you go among them and try to tell them the revelation. They say, "Well, the Lord showed me this or I had a prophecy or and and he said he finally just looked at him and said, "All these things will fail." Now what I'm doing is brother Carter is I'm reading through the book of Corinthians and I know this and I read where Paul says this. He said in 2 Corinthians 2:3 he said I wrote this same unto you less when I came I should have sorrow for them of whom I ought to rejoice. Now look what he says having confidence in you all. &gt;&gt; Did I read that right? &gt;&gt; Yes sir. &gt;&gt; That my joy is the joy of you all. For out of much affliction and anguish of heart, you all caused me a lot of anguish. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Y'all caused me a lot of affliction, and I've wrote unto you and many tears, not that ye should be grieved. &gt;&gt; When he was, God have mercy. When he was writing to him, he was not hoping that they would get grieved. He was saying, "No, that ye might know the love, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, &gt;&gt; which I have more abundantly unto you." Come on, Paul. They got a gift. They got a psalm. They got He comes among them. They're living immoral. There's all kinds of promiscuous living going on. It's full of corruption. It's full of sin. Amen, brother Brian. He could have went among them and said, "Forget you Corinthians. I'm going to the Ephesians because, praise God, I can preach predestination down there. Praise God, I'm going to the Romans. I'm going over to the Hebrews because I can preach the deep things there. Bless God, I'm going to forget all y'all. I've labored and labored and worked and worked and everything I preach I come back and &gt;&gt; but he didn't stop there brother Mark in 2 Corinthians 7:16 he said I rejoice therefore &gt;&gt; go ahead &gt;&gt; yes sir hallelujah &gt;&gt; now they he I'm closing but I'm feeling good he can walked and said bless God you bunch of Corinthians I'm going to tell y'all right now if you don't get your act together and you don't get these gifts I'm going to tell you right now bless God &gt;&gt; sir come I rejoice and have confidence in you, dear God. Paul, in the Corinthians, in all things. I got a question for you. How could Paul have Oh, God. How could Paul have confidence in the Corinthians? &gt;&gt; Can I say it to you the same way he could in the Galatians? Galatians 5:10, he said, "I have confidence in you through the Lord." Well, glory to God. With all their mistakes, with all their failures, with all their shortcomings, with all their sexual sins, with all their out of order gifts, with all their nonsense, oh God, Paul could still walk to him and he could look him in the face and say, "I got confidence in you. I got confidence you." Oh, can I say this tonight? Amen. Thank God he don't throw the clay away. I say, "Thank God." Amen. that he don't anoint men to come to the pullpit and beat us till we're nothing but pulps. Come on, church. How many times has our pastor walked out here and known all kinds of situations and had every reason to lay a axe to the root of every tree, but he come out here and said, "I bless you and I pray God use you and I pray God anoint you." You know why? Because he knows God. I'm going to close by saying this. He knows the people he's talking to. God has confidence in them. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can I Can I Can I tell you something? To fix a lot of situations, you ain't got to get nasty. You ain't got to get mean. &gt;&gt; Come on. You ain't got to get ugly. All you got to do is this. Amen. I don't agree with what they're doing, but I got confidence in them because they're God's children. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Well, this church is doing that and this preacher's pushing this and this preacher doing that and this preacher preaching. Amen. God bless them all. &gt;&gt; God bless them all. I love them, but I don't have no confidence in what they're doing. I don't agree with what they're doing, but I have confidence in the one they're serving. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen, folks. You can't have confidence and criticalness at the same time. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Without spiritual confidence as the musicians are coming, you'll never be able to help &gt;&gt; or be helped. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, it's a confidence. Paul Paul had to approach them as the children of God. &gt;&gt; He had to approach them as the people of God with all their faults and all their failures &gt;&gt; and all the mishaps and all the mistakes, all their little leadership. Come on folks, Paul come among them and preach the message. Preach the truth to them. Paul walk off from the church and they go back to their gifts &gt;&gt; and he come right back there and he said, "But I have confidence in you all." &gt;&gt; Well, maybe it'll hit you at lunch tomorrow. &gt;&gt; God's got confidence in you. &gt;&gt; Is that Is that Hello? Is that striking your heart? God's got confidence in you. Throw you away. He don't throw away stuff he has confidence in. &gt;&gt; Replace you. He don't replace things he has confidence in. &gt;&gt; Kick you aside. He don't do that &gt;&gt; cuz he's got confidence in you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; His confidence is not in our flesh. His confidence is not in our abilities. See, if you can get your confidence in the right place, &gt;&gt; everything will change. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Y'all remember Peter out there fishing that night? Brother Dave Paul, he was a fisherman, a fisherman. He knew how to fish. He knew the tricks. He knew the bait. He kn he knew how to hold his mouth right and everything, get them fish out of that water. And brother, he got out there and maybe maybe he got a little maybe he got a little a little confident in his human ability to fish. Bless God. I'm a fisherman. I go out there every time I drop that net in the water and get fish. Won't never be a time I don't get fish. And he goes out there and drops the net in. Pulls it up and it's empty. Now you talking about hurting some fisherman's pride. &gt;&gt; Dropped it again. He said, "I'll pull them pull them up this time." &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Hey, you caught any fish? Maybe I'm in the wrong spot tonight. I don't know." Then all of a sudden, Jesus come walking by. Jesus said, "What are you doing?" He said, "I'm fishing." How many have you taken? I've told all night and taken none. &gt;&gt; Brother Roy, he had told all night and taken none. And you know what he said? He said, "Let down thy net again." &gt;&gt; But you know what he done? The only thing changed is where his confidence was. &gt;&gt; Before it was in his ability to fish, &gt;&gt; but this time he said, "At thy word, Lord. At thy word, Lord, I'll let down the When he positioned his confidence in the word, he let down the net. And he brought up so much fish, he like to broke the net. What are you saying? I'm saying you phone yourself away. You've thrown Come on. You're throwing things away because you just lost spiritual confidence. But if you'll get it positioned back in the word and begin to testify, God has confidence in me. God has confidence in my family. &gt;&gt; God has confidence in me. He put a seed in my soul &gt;&gt; and he's not going to throw me away. Won't you stand to your feet tonight? &gt;&gt; Listen, God's got confidence in you, church. &gt;&gt; You don't have confidence in your flesh. He don't have confidence in our human abilities. &gt;&gt; But he does have confidence in the seed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That he placed in our soul &gt;&gt; from before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, I was just studying that the other day, brother Brian. I got there sitting there thinking, I got to just dramatize in my mind. You know, all them Corinthians sitting there and they heard Paul was coming to preach that day. And buddy, they knew he was just going to come in there and lay them out. He walked in there and said, "I rejoice over you all. Y'all caused me anguish and heartache and tears and but I got confidence in you." &gt;&gt; Amen. Listen, if you tonight can let the Holy Spirit reposition &gt;&gt; your confidence, it'll change a lot of things. &gt;&gt; I say it to you. &gt;&gt; You're not uncalled. You're not serpent seed. You're not an accident. No, sir. &gt;&gt; You're not a mistake. &gt;&gt; You just been through some things &gt;&gt; and you lost your spiritual confidence. &gt;&gt; Amen. But if you could hold it tonight, there's a great reward coming to it. &gt;&gt; If you can put your confidence in him, &gt;&gt; if you could hold that confidence, there's a reward coming. &gt;&gt; It's like somebody told me one time, they said, they said, "Brother Andrew, they said, you raise your children and they said, you raise one, you're raising them and one goes to the world." I never will forget an old brother told me, he said, "One goes to the world." He says, 'Now, what you don't do, he said, is you don't pick up the phone and call the state to come pick up your kids because you failed on one. Kind of looked at him. I was like, what? He said, 'N no, you just do spiritual warfare. He said, you just stand there and say, Devil, I did everything I knew to do, but they're coming back and these are going to stand the right way. I said, brother, what do you I said, what? He said, it's called Holy Ghost confidence. I said, oh, that's it. That's why I don't believe in psychology. I believe in Holy Ghost confidence. Holy Ghost confidence stays with the word in the face of every situation. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; It says we're not throwing this family away. &gt;&gt; We're not throwing this marriage away. We're not throwing this ministry away. &gt;&gt; We're not throwing the potentials of God away. &gt;&gt; I don't have confidence in the ability of man to bring it to pass. But I do have confidence in God. &gt;&gt; And I know he has confidence in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you love him tonight? &gt;&gt; How many say, Lord, I thank you for the truth. Lord, &gt;&gt; I thank you for a shepherd. I thank you for a Holy Ghost fil shepherd. Lord, I thank you for for men of God that are identified in the anointing. They're identified in the supernatural. Listen, I believe it tonight. I believe the Holy Spirit's right here to restore spiritual confidence tonight. Let's just bow our hearts together. Amen. How many say, "Lord, restore my spiritual confidence. I don't want to throw it away. I know I know things are looking dark right now. I know things are looking bleak. Lord, I know I know there's issues and problems, but Lord, I want to hold this in my heart tonight. Lord, maybe you're here tonight and the enemy is trying to wreck your family or steal your children. Or maybe you're going through a personal battle yourself. You say, "Lord, I need that. I need that confidence tonight." Amen. I believe it. I believe the Holy Spirit's right here tonight. Amen. I believe he's here to lead. I believe he's here to guide. Almighty God, Father, in this building tonight are your children. And Lord, we have approached them by the preaching of the word of life. Father, we stand here tonight to speak to them, Lord, not not to degrade them, Lord, but to preach the promises of life over them. Now, Father, I know tonight I'm speaking to what you deem more valuable than your own blood. Lord, I recognize tonight I'm speaking to those that have been washed by that blood and they've been called by your name. Lord, your prophet said, Lord, you chose them by election just as you did Abraham and put confidence in them. Then, Lord, that's the driving force behind the sermons that we preach, Lord. Lord, it's the driving force behind the behind the anointing that's in the building, Lord. Father, it's why these men of God, it's why our pastor labor so hard under that anointing. For Lord, we know the devil's doing everything he can through one mistake or through one besetting sin or through one habit or one wrong thought, Lord, or one wrong situation. Lord, we know the devil's doing everything he can to hijack the spiritual confidence of the church. But Lord, tonight we join our faith together as a body of believers. And Lord, no matter how many things may be going wrong or how many situations may be on the horizon or we might be walking through the middle of them right now, Lord, we refuse. We refuse to throw away our spiritual confidence. For Lord, we know there's a great recompense of reward coming to it. Now, Father, I pray tonight, dear God, I pray that every every pilot here, Lord, every every family here, Lord, would see that, Lord, you placed a shepherd among us, Lord. Father, a man of God that just in that World War II when they were attacked, that that shepherd stayed by that by that by that pilot, Lord, and they flew it because that shepherd kept a visual contact. Father, I believe tonight that you've sent gifts in this body, Lord, men of God, to study and stay in prayer and stay before you, Lord, to labor underneath a burden. Father, Lord, I want to tell that devil tonight, Satan, you will not hijack one of these pilots, Lord. Lord, you will not allow Satan to hijack one of your children. Lord, you will not allow Satan to to come in and sever their communication with you and cut off their connection with your spirit and lead them into a devil's hell, into a sinner's grave. Oh, no. Lord, your word is our protection. Lord, just as the eagle had confidence in her wings, Father, I've got confidence in the protection of this word. And Lord, I know that you're going to safely lead every one of your children to the shores of glory. Father, I bind every discouraging spirit. Lord, I bind every spirit of discouragement that tries to creep in, Lord. Father, may that spirit of discouragement be bound tonight. And Lord, may the anointing of the Holy Spirit move throughout this congregation of believers. Father, if there be a singer here tonight, Lord, that's lost their spiritual confidence, may they get it back tonight. Father, if there be a minister, Lord, that's discouraged, may they get that spiritual confidence back. Lord, if there's a musician, Lord, or Lord, a Sunday school teacher, trustee, deacon, whatever office they may hold, Lord, Lord, may they get that spiritual confidence back tonight. Father, if there be just a lay member of Grace Tabernacle, Lord, may they get that spiritual confidence back tonight. And may they hold fast that confidence firm from the beginning until the end. In Jesus name we pray. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight friends. You love him. &gt;&gt; You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; How many say Lord I got confidence. It was low, &gt;&gt; but the spirit of the Lord raised it back up. &gt;&gt; Amen. Encourage one another. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Got confidence in you. &gt;&gt; Got confidence in you. &gt;&gt; Got confidence in you, &gt;&gt; brother Andrew. That's a paradox. No, it's not. I got confidence cuz God does. &gt;&gt; I know you're going to make it. &gt;&gt; I know it may look bleak right now, but I got confidence. You're God's. You love him tonight. Amen. God bless you, brother Roy. Judy, it's good to see you all. We sure love and appreciate you. Amen. I tell you, there's an oak tree right there. Amen. You ever get discouraged or down or need a word or encouragement? Amen. If he just shakes your hand and puts his arm around you, it's a charge of strength. We say, "God bless you, brother Roy." Amen. Thank you for your years of faithfulness to the Lord. Amen. Sister Judy, God bless you all. Amen. Lighouses. Amen. I don't know about you, but we need each other. &gt;&gt; We need each other more now than we ever have before. Amen. Bear one another burdens. Pray for one another. Fulfill the law of Christ. Amen. Remember us in prayer. We'll be leaving this week for Canada. I'll be in Edmonton and then over in Cloverdale and back in Calgary and then I'll be back. So, Amen. Y'all pray for us. Lord will go with us. Amen. God will be with you. Amen. Don't lose your confidence. Amen. Do you love him tonight? Brother Matt, would you come? Amen. How many give our pastor a hand clap of praise? How many thank the for the man of God. Come on, brother Matt. Amen. How many thank the Lord for the man of God? Amen. For the stand, for this word. Amen. We love you, brother Matt. Amen. You and Sister Shar and the family. God bless you. Amen. How many going to pray for you, shepherd? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many going to support him? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Stand behind the man of God. Amen. We love you. God bless you. [Music] I just want to thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. I want to love you, Lord. Love you, Lord. I want to love you, Lord. I just want to love you, Lord. I want to praise you, Lord. Praise you, Lord. I want to praise you, Lord. I just want to praise you, Lord. Well, I say thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Well, I just want to thank you, Lord, and I want to praise you. Yes, my Lord, I want to praise you. Oh, I give you all my praise. Praise. Praise you, Lord. I just want to praise you, Lord. Amen. How many appreciate that message tonight? What a a tremendous thought. Amen. You know, we uh any one of us I I know never feel worthy and uh to be for anybody to have confidence in me and I know you don't either, but I think that's a good reminder that that God would anything God has confidence in, we ought to have confidence in. Amen. And though we don't feel worthy, but we have a God that's in us that every one of us can have confidence in each other and that we can strengthen one another. I I don't I I know you know it's true, but I appreciate what brother Andrew ministered tonight and uh you know especially and he would uh talk about being edifying to one another and you know it really is a good thing uh to take the time and encourage one another. Paul said to do it every day. Paul said do it daily. That tells you how needy that we are as a people that we need to be encouraged and we ought to encourage one another and and and edify one another in the word of God. And so uh don't I think every day I I challenged the church here a few months ago. I don't know how many's kept the challenge, but um I just learned about uh keeping streaks and although I don't have any streaks. Uh but but uh if you if you want to keep a streak, I think that's the streak we ought to keep is every day I should encourage somebody and and maybe pick a different person each day and send them a text or a phone call or something and pray for somebody new every day. And we ought to be encouraging one another. And if we're going to have streaks, that's the streaks we ought to have. Is that old news or something? All these kids ain't even they ain't even smiling about it. That's that's old news. Okay, I'll go back to MySpace then cuz I was trying to be up to up in the times. But I think if we ought to have a streak, that's what we ought to have a streak in. I I you not not that anybody's counting, but it it is sure rewarding. I had a a a member of the church that sent me a message yesterday just out of the blue and said, "Hey, I just want you to know I love you and appreciate all you do for my family and I'm praying for you and and you know how good it makes you feel to see not that you don't think people love you. It just it it's good to know uh that people are behind you and and uh and we ought to do that with one another." And so I I make that a purpose in my heart is to is to reach out to somebody every day. And I you know what we don't we only have a few years to live on this earth and you don't ever know how many days that we have left or we we we don't know that. But if every moment that we have, we ought to we ought to be able to spend it encouraging somebody that we would leave behind us a life or a testimony that somebody could say, "Lord, I want to have that same God that they had in me. I I want to be a witness to somebody and something that could be a something that somebody could have confidence in and I just appreciate what the Lord has done for us and appreciate what he said and and I appreciate every one of you and I have confidence in you. I can say what brother Andrew said. I've seen God do miracles in every one of your lives. uh testimonies. I I know testimonies from every one of you and you know them about me and and I we can all look around the church and know that God has done miracles among us and I appreciate God for that and and I thank God for every one of you and thank him for your stand and it's an encouragement to me every time I and uh you know me and my wife we come to church early a lot of times and sometimes an hour early and there's nobody here and and uh I I had a walked in the other day. It was just me and Sarah and I walked in the back room. A little bit later, Noah born Trager came in. I said, "Well, Noah," I said, "Uh, I'll lead songs and you preach and Sarah's going to say, "Amen. We're just going to have church." And and he said, "No, there's going to be other people come." I said, "Well, I'm sure they are, but you know, I but if they ain't, we're going to have church anyway." But, you know, it just does something to your heart cuz every time I I remember walking in this building when there was nobody in it and and I know what God has done in our life and to be able to bring us together and and I don't know if y'all know this, but I stood in this building by myself praying and asking God for direction after God had put it on my heart to be here. And and uh I laid on my face for hours and all night long in this same building when there was nobody in here but me and God. So, it does my heart good when I walk in it and see somebody that comes in that's hungering for the word of God. And I thank God of all the labor and the effort and the money and the sacrifice and the time that everybody put in, there's a hungry heart somewhere that wants something from the Lord. And so, it's worth it all. And so, I just thank God every time I see one of you walk in them doors that it gives me such a such an encouragement. There's such a fulfillment in it to see somebody come in the house of God and hungering for the word of God. And I don't know what else I could ever do in this life. I've tried everything else to bring satisfaction. And none of it was none of it was enough. But this is the only thing I've ever done in my life that I was satisfied with what I was doing because every every day is a reward. I don't wake up that I'm not rewarded for uh was seeing a somebody that's on fire for God. And it's so rewarding to see people serving God. And so I just say God bless you tonight. I sure appreciate brother Andrew and appreciate the message that he had tonight. Let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for the word that you brought to us. And Lord, what a word of encouragement, Lord, that I I know many, Lord, that are that are down, Lord, and maybe struggling with things in their spirit. But Lord, I just thank you that you'd send a man of God by, Lord, to say that you have confidence in every one of us. Lord, I just ask you tonight, Lord, that you would go with every believer. And Lord, that they'd be strengthened by this word. Lord, I pray that tomorrow, Lord, that we would get up out of bed, Lord, that there would be such a a revival in their heart. Lord, I pray there would be a joy, Lord, a a restoration of joy, Lord. And God, I pray there'd be a new found purpose, Lord. I pray there'd be a zeal in their heart again, Lord. Let them know that all isn't lost, Lord. But we have a purpose for serving you, Lord. We have a calling, Lord. You've brought us together for a reason. And Lord, I pray that you would give him such a courage to go through another day just to stand upon your word. God, I pray you'd bless our brother for his ministry that he spoke tonight, Lord. And God, I pray you'd bring us back safely. Bless brother Josh Martin, Lord, as he would make uh preparation to come, Lord. I pray, God, that you would fill him with such an anointing, God, on Sunday, Lord, that he would speak to every heart and we'd be blessed by it. Lord, we thank you for it now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you go tonight. Amen. We'll take the name of Jesus with you, child of comfort and of joy. For I know he will joy and comfort give you. So take it everywhere you go. Praise his name. I see the hope of earth, joy of heaven, a precious name. Oh, how sweet the hope of earth and joy of heaven. I say take the name of Jesus with you out of comfort and of joy. I know he will more give you. So take it everywhere you go. Precious. Oh, how sweet the whole pervert.
