################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-04 - Bro Andrew Glover  08-03-25 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-04
Title:   Bro Andrew Glover | 08-03-25
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngV4RemLswU
========================================

I won't be sh I won't be moved. &gt;&gt; My God is faithful. His promise is true. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. When I speak to the mountain, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, &gt;&gt; Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand? Clap of praise this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. I know that we believe that our God is bigger, better, greater, stronger than everything that can come against us this morning. That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. You looking forward to the service this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many love the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Brian, you carried over service. of your people, Lord. And I pray that our praise, Father God, brings loud in glory, Lord, enough that you would come down and praise us with your presence, Father God, in so much that the house would be full of all your glory. Lord God, strike your word and cause it to live in our hearts today. Father, we ask it all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can be seated this morning. I am redeemed. I bow the price. My Jesus has changed my whole life. [Music] And if anybody ask you just who I am, &gt;&gt; won't you tell them that I am redeemed? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, within was love now. where there was confusion where now you see I'm walking with my Jesus. I'm a child of the king and it's all because I am redeemed. &gt;&gt; Well, now I am redeemed. [Music] Jesus has saved my whole life. And if anybody ask you just who I am, won't you tell him that I am redeemed? Then I'll tell his favor. I'll tell of his love. I'm going to tell of his goodness to me. Oh well, he purchased redemption in his own blood and from I know I dream [Music] when I am I Jesus has saved my life and ask just I am tell that I am redeemed [Music] and they tell you know you do just fine &gt;&gt; because the last time that you saw me I was good. &gt;&gt; Won't you tell him that I am redeemed? [Music] &gt;&gt; Now I am redeemed. I've been born with a pride. &gt;&gt; My Jesus has saved my life. And if anybody asks you just who I am, won't you tell them that I am redeemed? If you run across anybody and they tell you they used to know me, won't you tell them that I'm doing just fine because the last time that you saw me, I was lifting up. Won't you tell me that I am? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, and I am. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Redeemed. &gt;&gt; I've been born with a pride. My Jesus, he has changed my life. And if anybody asks you, oh just I am. &gt;&gt; Won't you tell me I am? [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. How many redeemed we have in the building this morning? [Applause] &gt;&gt; Well, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. I know I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I am I. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord, I free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I dream. Oh, and I free. Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. I'm free, no longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. And oh the blood of Jesus will oh the blood of Jesus will oh the blood of Jesus it wash my sins away. Well I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. We'll sing it over the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. Well, there is power, power, wonder, working, and power in the blood of the lamb. I know there's power, power, wonder, working power in the preious blood of the lamb. They're singing, "Oh, the blood of Jesus." Will the blood of Jesus will the blood of Jesus it washes white as snow. Where there's freedom in the blood of Jesus. There's freedom in the blood of Jesus. There's freedom in the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. We're singing. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Well, oh, the blood of Jesus. Well, oh, the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. There. There's healing in the blood of Jesus. There's healing in the blood of Jesus. There's healing in the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. We're singing. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Will the blood of Jesus will the blood of Jesus? It washes white as snow. Don't like no praising God around here. The devil don't like no praising God around here. I don't care what the devil don't like. Praise the Lord all of my mind. Devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, that don't like clapping around here. Well, the devil don't like us clapping around here. And I don't care what the devil don't like. Clap the Lord with all of my mind. Devil don't like us clapping around here. That don't like no freedom around here. Well, the devil don't like no freedom around here. Well, I don't care what the praise the Lord all about. Don't like no freedom around here. Yeah, that devil don't like us shouting around here. &gt;&gt; Well, the devil don't like us shouting around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I shout for the Lord all about my don't like no shouting around here. Well, that don't like no preaching around here. &gt;&gt; Well, the devil don't like no preaching around here. Well, I don't care what I don't like preaching around here. Let's all sing. Well, the devil don't like no dancing around. Well, don't like dancing around. Well, I don't care what I [Music] don't like around me. [Music] like us around here. [Applause] I don't care what I'm all in my mind. [Music] [Applause] Amen. There's a thank you for all the prayers of brother wrangle had minimal pain but Still power. [Music] [Music] This world may press me down and change my gladness. [Applause] God didn't say my life would be easy. Oh, if you knock me down, I'm never going to wear a crown. [Applause] I'll keep my hand in the master's head. And one day it all will come to an end. Will I rise? Rise above it all. going to rise. We'll rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings, fly my way to heaven, and arise above it all. &gt;&gt; This world is so full of evil and the enemy is all around. [Music] battle season has tried so very very hard trying to hold trying to hold me down. But I've got something within me to help me make it through the grave. [Music] And when it gets rough, And when it gets tough, well, I'm not going to worry anymore. Well, I'm going to rise. &gt;&gt; Well, rise above it all. I'm going to rise. &gt;&gt; They'll rise above it all. Going to spread my weak, fly my way to hell, and rise above it all. [Music] &gt;&gt; This world is so full of evil and the enemy is all around. battle Satan has tried so very very hard trying to hold trying to hold me down. I'll just sing it. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, I'm going to rise. We'll rise above it all. I'm going to rise. [Music] We'll rise above it all. &gt;&gt; Spread my wings and fly my way to heaven and arise above it all. Hey, [Music] [Music] battle. [Music] Hallelujah. for so long [Music] that your steps have grown weery and sore. But that's just the fact of the matter. Because the truth has not left you behind. Oh, when the facts have you bound up in sorrow, will the truth set you free one more time? Oh, and the truth is you're not forsaken. Oh, and the truth is you won't be denied. [Music] Well, the fact may be stacked up against you right now. But the truth is God's on your side. [Music] Now in fact you have a question. [Music] Should you throw your hands in? [Music] And in fact you said there's just no reason. Oh, to keep a heart in when you never win. Oh, but that's not the end of the story. [Music] &gt;&gt; The truth says you shall overcome. Yeah. When the fact say you're almost defeated. &gt;&gt; Oh, the truth is you. Oh, you want Oh, the truth is you're not forsaken. Well, the truth is you are me and God. [Music] Well, the facts may be stacked up against you right now, but the truth is God's on your side. [Music] in fact you have questions. Should you throw up your head just in? Well, in fact, you said that there's just no reason to keep fighting when you never will. [Music] Oh, that's not the end of the story. Hallelujah. Because the truth is you shall overcome [Music] when the facts say that you're almost defeated. [Music] The truth is anyone. [Music] Oh, and the truth is you're not forsaken. [Music] Oh, and the truth is you are denied. Well, the facts may be stacked up against you right now, but the truth is God's on your side. [Music] The facts may be stacked up against you right now. But the truth is God's on your side. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. You believe that this morning? &gt;&gt; How many? Do you believe that our God is on our side? [Music] &gt;&gt; You're worthy of [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all to you. You deserve. You're worthy of it, Lord. Thank you, Lord. How many just feel his presence this morning? Lord, won't you just take a moment invite the Lord to come from you are all things to you all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. Oh, all things to you are all things. You deserve the glory in the city. worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. Won't you stand your feet this morning? Amen. Maybe just lift your hand to the Lord. How many can declare him worthy this morning? I say, "My Lord, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory." Yes, my Lord, I say you're worthy of it all. Yes, you're worthy of it all. Oh, from you are all things. You are all things and you deserve the glory. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? How many can say he's worthy of all the praise that we could give him and all the glory and the honor and I believe he's certainly worthy of it. Amen. If God never done another thing for us, he's worthy of the rest of our life being devoted to him and serving him with everything that we have. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. We just want to welcome everybody here in the house of the Lord and just trust that God will move in our midst and speak to every heart and draw us closer to him. Amen. We just want to welcome each one. Welcome our visitors this morning. Trust something that will be said will be a help to you. Just [Music] each one prayer. We had a prayer request for Hayden JD's baby. Maybe if anybody else had a need on their heart prayer for just lift your hand to the Lord. I know God is certainly mindful of what we have need of. Won't we just bow our heads to the Lord? Ask him to come in a special way this morning. And gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you, Lord. God, we thank you for such an atmosphere, Lord. Lord, just to be able to stand in your presence for a few moments, Lord. God, all week long, we long for this very time, Lord. We dedicate time and prayer, this preparation, Lord, to make you welcome, Lord. We invite you into the service, Lord. And but we don't just want to invite you, Lord, but we want to make you welcome, Lord. We want to kneel down at your feet and worship you, Lord. Lord, we just ask you this morning that you would meet every need. Lord, you would touch every heart and life. God, you know what we have need of. We just ask you that you would come this morning in a special way. Lord, touch each one. Lord, touch this sick child. Lord, I pray this morning. Lord, let us leave this place knowing that we've been in your presence. Lord, take this service into your hands. anoint the minister Lord that he may minister the word of life to us. We'll give you the glory for it in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Certainly look forward to what God has in store. God bless you this morning. We just have a special occasion before we invite our our brother to come. and we got a new baby being dedicated this morning and so certainly a privilege. So we just want to invite Becca and Kyle to come. Can we sing? You can be singing. [Music] [Music] How precious this is. Little cowboy duck hunt. Seen the picture. This boy don't have a chance. He got a malard in his hand. What a blessing. I just say this is an honor to be able to here and dedicated little fella and see what God has done in Kyle and Becca's life. Certainly Lord has really really brought him a long way and brought them together and gave them a gift like this and bring nothing hardly any greater than having a new life. so appreciate their stand on the word just to see the the growth in their family over the past few months and just an honor. So we just want to dedicate little Stson and Leroy. Amen. Dedicate him back to the Lord. Maybe y'all could pray with us this morning. And gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege that it is Lord God to this little gift of life that you've given us. Lord, what a a sign or what a a perfection that we see looking at the innocence of a child, Lord, knowing that even when he's born into this life, Lord, that there's no wrong that he's ever done, Lord, no thought that he's ever thought that was wrong, Lord, just a bundle of love and joy. Lord, it just brings such wonderful feelings to our life. And Lord, we just ask you this morning, Lord, as this young family and Kyle and Rebecca, Lord, have come to dedicate their child to you. And Lord, to make a commitment to serve you and Lord, to raise him according to your word. And Lord, that may one day, Lord, this young man be able to stand and be a testimony in this world. God, every great man that's ever walked upon the face of the earth, Lord. Every prophet, every every gifted man, Lord, that you've ever used, Lord, everyone of us came this way, Lord, they they they came to the world as a baby. And Lord, were held in the arms of of men and priests throughout the ages. And Lord, grew to be great men. And Lord, I just ask you this morning, Lord, that you would keep your hands upon this young man. God, may he be raised, Lord, in such a way, Lord, that he would come to an age that he would dedicate his life to you and he would serve you all the days of his life. Lord, may you use him, Lord, the gift that you place in each one of us, God. May we do our best, Lord, as a people and a family, Lord, to raise him according to your word. And Lord, I just ask you to bless this family. Bless Kyle and Becca, Lord, in all that they do. Lord, we give them to you. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [Music] He likes me [Music] now. Isn't that precious? Oh, y'all hear that? He said, "Uncle Matt, right there." His first words was recorded. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? [Music] He said Wednesday we had to claim it. So just trying to claim them first words. I always did a good job trying to get babies to say my name first because my name was Matt and their mama spent months trying to teach them to say mama. So ma and matt's easy to easy to get a mat out of them, you know. So I've done I've been guilty of that before. What a what a gift. Isn't that wonderful? Amen. just all of our young families and new babies. I think they told me there was we had eight new babies that was born within a three or four month period there or maybe a few more months, but just I know there's more on the way and just it's just great gifts that God gives us and we certainly appreciate all these young families and you know I just say it's an honor as a pastor to see young men I know sometimes people look at them on the outside and they see all their mistakes and all the failures that they go through and everything. You can find that on Facebook about any kid, they y'all sit around and kind of, you know, look at them and it's easy to to cast them aside and say they're not growing and all this stuff. But, you know, the work of God sometimes you can't see it on the outside, but the work of God is done on the inside of a man. And whenever God gets to working on him long enough on the inside, It may take a while, but then all of a sudden the outside starts to show what God's doing on the inside. So, I think we ought to we ought to do the work on the inside and help help them get to a place. And I just say it's an honor as a pastor to see young men and women that grow up and and start their life and dedicate their life to the Lord. They may have some rough patches and every one of us do, but to see them dedicate their life to God. And our church is filled with young families in their in their early 20s and young men and women serving the Lord, young children, and I can't think of a greater a greater reward than to see that. And it's just an honor. I want to say God bless each one of you that's made a commitment to serve God and you elders uh that that do their part, to be able to make an atmosphere where new lives can grow and and change. And it's just a privilege to be a part of it, the work of God in people's lives. So, I just want to say God bless all of our young families, young fathers. Keep on the fire in line and do all that you can to serve serve the Lord and raise your children according to the word of God. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. &gt;&gt; And how many's ready to hear the word of God? And brother Andrew will be speaking for us this morning. We just appreciate Wednesday night. And he said he was kind of laying a foundation for this morning. So, I'm anxious to hear what God has in store for us. Amen. Can we sing the goodness of God? I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. [Music] From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. All the life you have made for every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You're close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. and thy lives in the goodness of God. I think you say this with your heart this morning. All my life you've been a faithful God. And I say, all my life you have been so good with every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. For you have led me through many trials in the darkest night. You've been close like no other. [Music] I've known you as a father. Is that not the truth this morning? You've been my dearest friend I have. I want to give you glory this morning. Thank you, Lord, for all you've done for me. For I know, in all my life, you have been faithful. All my life you feel so good with every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness. Can you sing it once again? Will I say all my life you have been faithful all my life. [Music] Every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. How many can give him a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. How many can testify of the goodness of God? You can testify of his mercy and his grace. Amen. Have we got any witnesses in the building this morning that he's the unfailing God? &gt;&gt; Amen. He's unchanging in his ways. He's unchanging in his nature. Amen. He's right here this morning in the power of his resurrection. Amen. Fulfilling and doing everything that his word said he would do. Amen. Amen. My what a what a powerful atmosphere in the building here this morning. And I told brother Matt in the back room, I said that atmosphere out there is electrifying. Amen. Just amen. I I tell you, you get a bunch of believers together that believe God and they ain't got no hidden motives or objectives or agendas. They just want to worship God and bless his name. Amen. They begin to put little licks of fire together and before long the pillar of fire comes down and starts moving throughout the congregation and healings start taking place and miracles start becoming manifested my Amen. There's no better place to be in the presence of God. Amen. We we thank the Lord for his grace this morning. Want to say God bless you all. It is a real honor to be home today and to be speaking to you. And amen. I tell you I was just in my office this morning listening to the prophet of God and he made a statement brother David. He said, "The Church of Living God thrives on the supernatural." &gt;&gt; Amen. And I tell you this morning, I believe we're a supernatural church. Amen. I believe we're a supernatural people. I'm sorry. I don't believe we're just surviving. I believe we're thriving. Amen. I believe we're overcoming by the grace of God. Amen. We we thank the Lord for his mercy this morning. And want to say God bless Brother Kyle and Sister Beck and the new baby there. What a beautiful dedication this morning. just sitting in the back room thinking of the grace of God upon those lives. Amen. To see the power of God upon them and looking yesterday, brother Matt was talking, looking over the book back there when the church started. Amen. Just seeing them as young people up here singing and this morning bringing their first child to dedication. We thank God for his mercy and grace upon that family and sure appreciate them this morning. Want to say it's an honor to have my in-laws here with me somewhere. God bless you all. They came down for Malachi's party and we appreciate you all staying over with us this morning. God bless you. Amen. I also want to say uh Tuesday is my wife and I's 8th anniversary. She's in here somewhere. Amen. Back there in the corner hiding. Amen. Want to wish her a happy anniversary. We sure love and appreciate her. I was thinking this morning got married on a Saturday, went on her honeymoon, come home on a Thursday and was home Friday and hit the road Saturday preaching. I don't think we've slowed down since. And we we sure love and appreciate her and all the sacrifices and thank her for for her love and support this morning. Good to see you, brother Steve. God bless you all. Good to see you this morning. Let's just bow our hearts together for a word of prayer. Amen. I believe he's in the building today, don't you? There's a lot of things we could say this morning, but I don't know about you, I want to say the right thing. Let's approach you this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here on this beautiful resurrection Sunday, Lord, to the world, it's another day in the week, but to your believers, it's a divine appointment. Father, it's a day that we've been preparing for, Lord, all week long. Father, from the service Wednesday to now, Lord, we've been longing to be back in your presence, to be gathered with believers of like precious faith. Lord, we want to thank you this morning for the grace that you've given us, dear God, to be able to be here. Lord, I want to thank you for this assembly, for our pastor who stands for this end time word. Lord, I want to thank you for the power of transformation of lives that is here on display this morning. Lord, to be able to stand here and look across the congregation and to survey, Lord. Father, I'm not just looking at humanity, your individuals, Lord. But, Father, I'm looking at the purchase of your blood. Yes, Lord, we have mistakes. We make failures, Lord. But, Lord, as your prophet has said, when you look at us, you don't see our mistakes. You don't see our failures, but Lord, you see your blood. Lord, I pray this morning as we endeavor to look into your word. Lord, I'm asking you to come by this way in a special way today, Father. Lord, may you answer needs here today, may you answer questions, oh God. Lord, if there's anything that we have on our heart this morning to do, Lord, it's to get oursel out of the way that you could come and Lord, you could speak to the needs of your believing children, dear God, Lord, that they would be edified by their visitation to your house this morning. Father, I pray for those that are sick and bodied this morning. May the angel of healing go by their way. For those that are bound this morning, I pray the angel of deliverance would stop by that heart this morning. Lord, if there be one here empty today, dear God, I pray you would open the windows of heaven. And Lord, you would fill every vessel here with the dynamics of your spirit, oh God. Lord, we're not looking for just another service or just another gathering, but Lord, we're looking for an amaz experience. Lord, where the bread of life is broken and given to the hungry children. Father, forgive us this morning of our failures. Lord, forgive us of our shortcomings. Oh God, may you sweep through this building today and the power of your resurrection. Lord, we we acknowledge your presence and step down in the building this morning. Now, Lord, we're asking you come among us today in the power of your word. We love you this morning and we thank you for your mercy and grace. In the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Oh, I wonder if anybody just like to slip their hands up this morning and just worship him for a moment. Lord, I love you. I thank you for your mercies. I thank you for your grace, Lord. Father, I thank you for your faithfulness, Lord. I thank you for your provision, oh God. Lord, I thank you for healing my body, for saving my children, for revealing this word to my heart. Lord, I don't want to rush this moment in your presence. Dear God, I want to worship you, Father. Lord, I want to honor you this morning. We bless your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath. Hallelujah. Oh, we worship you this morning. Hallelujah. Won't you just raise your handstream for just a moment and worship him this morning? His presence is stepped in the building of the goodness of God. Let's sing with all our hearts. And all my life you have been faithful. Thank you, Lord. All my life have been [Music] [Applause] [Music] of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, bless his name this morning. Amen. He's in the building today. Hallelujah. If you have your Bibles this morning, we want to go to his word today. The book of St. Mark, the 11th chapter. Amen. Amen. He's worthy this morning. Amen. I don't know about you, I don't ever want his presence to become. Amen. Want to be able to acknowledge him when he comes in the room. Amen. St. Mark 11 verse 22. I see many visitors in our gates this morning. God bless you all. Honored to have you here today. Mark 11 and 22. Love the Lord this morning. And Jesus answering saith unto them, have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, not look at it, but speak to it, &gt;&gt; be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. So it was not just speaking, but there was instruction on what to say. Now in the book of Revelation the 22nd chapter, Revelation 22 and verse number 6. Revelation 22 verse number 6. And he said unto me, these sayings are faithful and true. The Lord God of the holy prophet sent his angel to show unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. Behold, I come quickly. Blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book. And I, John, saw these things, and heard them. And when I heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which showed me these things. Then saith he unto me, see thou do it not, for I am of thy fellow servant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book, worship God. Now look here. And he saith unto me, seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book, for the time is at hand. Amen. We ask the Lord this morning to bless the reading of his word. as you can have your seats here this morning. I want to by the help of the Lord to maybe pick up this morning. I don't really have the time to go back to Wednesday. So, uh I'm just going to pick up and preach. So, we'll just all get in the same channel this morning. If I would take a title this morning, I want to speak to you again on approaching God by the right saying. But maybe to pull a subtitle out of that, I want to say this. Unseal the sayings of the book. Amen. Unseal the saints of the book. Now uh truly I believe what the Bible says when the Bible uh tells us that life and death is in the power of the tongue. How many knows the Bible says life and death lays in the power of the tongue. And you know uh by our words we can be blessed and by our words we can be condemned and amen by our words we can be healed and by our words we can continue amen in the same condition. So there is power amen in our tongue. The Bible actually tells us that we possess the promises of God by the word of faith that is in our mouths. Now, uh when you look here at this word approach, it means to draw closer to. It means a means of access to approach. It means in order to especially or in order to create a desired result. Now, I'm speaking this morning on approaching God by the right saying. And when you look there at that word sane, it is a short collection, amen, of forceful expressions that generally contain truth, instruction, advice, and wisdom. So if you have a saying, you have collected these sayings. And these sayings contain truth, they contain instruction, they contain advice and wisdom. Now in Mark 11 again from the Amplified Bible, Jesus replied in verse 22 and said, "Have faith in God constantly." Now, I don't know about you, but that's what I want to have is faith in God constantly. He said, "I assure you and most solemnly say to you that whosoever says to this mountain, now be thou lifted up and thrown into the sea and does not doubt in his heart in God's unlimited power, but believes what he says is going to take place, it will be done for him in accordance with God's will." So whenever a believer speaks, they're not just saying something, but rather they're saying something that's in accordance with God's will. And we know that his will is his word. Now, the prophet of God would say, "Let me tell you this, by his word. He cannot go contrary to that word." He said, "He has already purchased your desire if it's according to his will." Amen. If you got a desire this morning, I've got good news to you that God has already purchased your desire. Amen. According to his will and his will is to heal you. And his will is to give you your desire. Amen. Amen. I'll say this. Approach is everything, folks. Amen. There is a right approach and there is a wrong approach. And the prophet of God would say that a man walk out there and say, I'll show you I can move the mountain. Mountain be moved. It doesn't happen. Certainly not because your motive is not right and your objective is not right. Amen. Now again I just want to read this to you to lay a foundation the prophet of God and the approach to God. He shows us that there is a connection. Amen. Between our approach and our speech. He said God has a way of approach. There's a way you approach a king. The boy that wants to approach a young lady. Amen. There's a certain approach. Now you can't just come up there and say hey there. like to meet you and shake your hand. She isn't very much of a lady. Amen. She'll let you know where to get on and where to get off. See, there's a certain way you want to approach it. He said, "And there's a way to approach all things. And there's a way, amen, to approach God." How many believes that there's a way, amen, to approach God. And if we don't know the approach to God, then we'll never be able to get an audience with God. So if you don't know how to approach him, you're never going to get an audience with him. Amen. You've got to know the way to approach. And accord you don't just walk up there to the judge on the stand and say, "Hey, judge, I want to talk to you a little bit." He said, "Somebody will throw you out of the courtroom." See? Amen. And we must find the way to approach, Amen. the great divine judge, which is God himself. Amen. I I'll say it like this again. We don't approach God under fear, &gt;&gt; but rather we approach God under faith. And faith is a revelation. It's a revelation of the will of God. And faith is not loose, but faith is based upon some noted fact. Again, brother Ram said, "You got to know something about what you're having faith in." See, before you can have faith in it. So, we first must know how and what God's desire is. See? Amen. So, we got to know what God's desire is. We got to know what God's plan is and how to approach God by that plan. So, it's not just knowing God's desire, knowing God's plan, but there's got to come instruction to know how, amen, to approach God by his desire and by his plan. See, when we know his plan and we know his desire, Brother Ram said, we can walk up boldly to the throne of grace and we can plead what the plan is promised us. Listen. Amen. I want you to know this morning that God's plan, Amen, is not a church manual. Amen. Amen. God's plan is not a handbook or a code of morals or a book of ethics. Amen. But God's plan is the Bible. The prophet of God said God's plan is laid out in his Bible. And this is what we must go by. It must come from his word. See, because my words will fail. I'm a man. But God's words can't fail because it's God. He said, "If it's the Holy Spirit coming to you and begins to teach anything outside of this Bible," Amen. It's not the Holy Ghost. He said, "See, that's the kind of tutor we got is the Holy Spirit to reveal and to bring the discipline book of the Father and to reveal to you what God's plan is." He said again, there's no scripture in the Bible, amen, that contradicts itself. See? Amen. We've got to humble ourselves. We've got to throw away our ideas about it and we've got to accept what God's plan of it is. He said it's got to come through God's provided plan. Now, amen. Can I just establish this? God's provided plan is the Bible. Amen. It's not an idea. It's not a tradition. It's not a creed. But God's provided plan is the Bible. Therefore, I believe any word that's added to this Bible, whoever is guilty of doing it, his part will be taken out of the book of life. He said, I do not believe that any creed, any dogma, anything else, Amen. But just the literal word of God is God's plan. Anything else is sinful and will be dealt with and we will be eternally losy. Amen. Any creed, any man, any denomination that will add to or take away. Amen. from one punctuation of this word. Listen, I don't believe the Bible is just another book. Amen. I don't believe the Bible is just a good book to read when you don't feel good. But I believe the Bible is the mind of God. I believe it's the word of God. I I believe it's the promises of God. I believe it's the plan of God. And I believe you are the people who God has ordained to believe what he laid out in his plan in the hour that you're living in. You all know in Matthew 4 that Jesus said that man shall not live by bread alone. Right? Amen. But by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. Brother Ram come along and said the bread that we need is in the Bible. It's the complete revelation of God's plan. It's the complete revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. I'll just give you a little disclaimer. If you don't like your Bible, you're going to be in a bumpy next 10 minutes. Amen. Because the prophet of God said, he said, "What is the Bible?" He said it's the very thoughts of God that he had before the foundation of the world. He expressed them in word and dropped them down to the prophets and they wrote them and the only thing it is it just has to unfold in the first seal. He said you see the book actually was planned and was written before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. This book was not written when Moses stepped up on the earth. It was not written when David went out to meet Goliath. It was not written when Paul was on his road to Damascus. But this Bible was actually written from before the foundation of the world. And the only thing that's happening now is God is revealing or unfolding what he wrote before the foundation of the world. Listen, we're not a bunch of cultist people. We are children of the book. Amen. We are people of the Bible. If the Bible said it, we believe it. If the Bible teaches it, we stand on it. And if the Bible condemns it, we condemn it because we're not just another church. We're not here just trying to fill up a building and see who can be who and who can do what. We are here to be overcomers in the age of Leosa. Listen, there's a rapture coming. There's a body change coming. There's a future homecoming. There's a millennium coming. And there's only one way to get there. You won't get there by my idea, Matt's idea, or any other preachers's idea. You're only going to get there by the road map, which is the Bible. &gt;&gt; I say thank God for the Bible. I say thank God for the Bible. Amen. The Bible was really written before the foundation of the world. Listen, the Bible's a love story. Brother Re said the Bible is a prophet. He said the Bible is a history book. He said it's not man's book. It's God's book. Can we say that together? It's God's book. &gt;&gt; Amen. You want God's book, you're holding it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me say this. In the hour we're living, there's over 900 different denominations. Y'all know that. &gt;&gt; Now, I'll just say that was back in the days of Brother Brandham. Imagine how many there is today. &gt;&gt; Now, listen. And each one has their own statement of faith. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But I love the fact that God sent a prophet in this hour. &gt;&gt; And he gave the bride church universally a beautiful statement of faith. Amen. It didn't come from headquarters. It didn't come from the general counsel. Here was the general statement of faith from a prophet. We have no creed but Christ. &gt;&gt; We have no law but love and we have no book but the Bible. He said, "I believe the Bible. I believe every word of it." &gt;&gt; He said, "I believe the Bible infallibly." He said, "I believe it's the infallible word of God." Then listen this morning. You are the bride of Christ. And I'll tell you, this bride is a Bible bride. She is not a man-made bride, but she is a Bible bride, which is a word bride because the word is living in her. And the word is not dead. It's an action. Amen. I'll ask you this morning just a general question. How many's ever heard the phrase around the message of the hour? Amen. The open book. How many's ever heard that? Amen. Be honest. Let me see your hands. The open book. Amen. You ever heard people say uh that we are a people of the open book? Amen. Or or they'll say things like this. We're living in the hour of the opening of the word. Now, I want to say something to you. Amen. Those are more than phrases, folks. Amen. Those are more than just little cliches that we say. Amen. To separate us from the church down the road. Amen. Those are scriptures fulfilled in the hour that we're living in. Amen. I'll tell you where it's coming from. Amen. It's coming from the book of Revelation. Okay? which you all know the prophet said that the book of Revelation, the last book in the Bible, he said is a book of symbols, right? Amen. And you can't even get through the first chapter without probably reading 20 symbols. Amen. So from Revelation 1 to Revelation 22, it's a book of symbols, which means it's a prophetic book, which means it's only to a prophetic class of people. Amen. Then this morning, you're not just church members. Amen. But you are a prophetic class of people. In Revelation 5, y'all like your Bibles. Revelation 5. You, if you listen to the read, you know, brother, read this. He said, "I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside," Amen. was sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, "Who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof? And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look there. Now, how many's ever heard brother stop and say this, what a book. Amen. What a book. See, he said, and John says, I wept much because no man was found worthy, amen, to open and to read the book, amen, neither to look there. Said John was not weeping, amen, because he was not worthy. He was weeping because if the book of redemption did not come open then everything was lost. He said now see I love what he said. He said his crying didn't last long though. Amen. Just a minute. Amen. I could preach there for 30 minutes. Amen. Weeping may endure for the night. Amen. But joy is coming in the morning. You all know the Bible said God has no greater joy than to know his children are walking on the earth in truth. A prophet prophesied, I see great joys laying ahead for the church. Listen, if you got an old sad spirit on you this morning, you ought to shake that thing back in the hell it come out of and stand up on your God-given rights. We didn't come here to beg for joy, to pump up joy, to work up joy. The word has come open. And when the book come open, it's joy unspeakable. And it's full of glory. It's full of peace. It's full of power. It's full of reality. One of the elders saith unto me, "Weep not." Amen. For behold, the line of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed. Amen. To open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. Now, in Revelation five, amen, this book is closed. But in Revelation 10, brother Ram said, "I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, and he was clothed with a cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his faces it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire." If you want to see what I'm talking about, when you walk out the door this morning, look up on the wall, and you will see the cloud that appeared over Sunset Mountain. Look what it says in verse two. And he had in his hand a little book, but it was open. In Revelation 5, brother David Paul, it was closed. But in Revelation 10, the book is open. And he set his right foot up on the sea and his left foot up on the earth. Brother said, "This was a sealed book. It was sealed with seven seals." He said, "The book is the Bible." He said, "There's no man can open this word. We can pull the pages back, but to open it, it takes the Holy Spirit." Amen. Man cannot do it. See? Amen. That's not our ability. So it takes more than human ability to open the book. It takes divine ability. And listen at a prophet he said John saw the Bible laying in heaven. And he said there was no man in heaven nor on the earth or beneath the earth that could open the book or loose the seals. He said, "Now remember the Bible, Amen, was taken out of the hand of God." Amen. Sitting on his throne. Amen. I want to say this this morning. The Bible was not written by commentators. The Bible was written by inspiration and it was given by divine inspiration. Paul told Timothy, he said, "All scripture is given." I love that. All scripture is given. Amen. By inspiration of God, amen, it is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, and for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect. Amen. Thoroughly finished and unto all good works. Amen. that every word of God is written is inspiration and it hooks the whole Bible together. It's the most wonderful book that was ever written. There's never a piece of literature ever written like the Bible. It's the only book in existence that tells you where you come from, tells you who you are, and tells you where you're going. He said, "We've got libraries full. We've got streets full and book rooms full. But never one of them, none of them, none of their great philosophers that's raised and fallen has ever been able to tell us what the Bible has told us. And all true science, amen, moves right back into the Bible. Amen. For its evidence. Amen. I'll say what a prophet said. He said, "The Holy Spirit wrote the Bible." And the Holy Spirit is the only one who can interpret the Bible, and he will give it to us as we have need. Amen. I'll say it like a prophet said. He said, "The entire Bible is set up on Revelation." Amen. The best part of the Bible, he said, is wrote between the lines. Y'all, y'all remember he said, "My wife writes me a love letter." He said, "I'm miles away from home." And he said, "She'll say, I just put Joseph to bed and Billy, Paul, and Sharon, she he said, "I'll read that." He said, "But really, I can read between the lines." And he said, "The message is between the lines." He said, "Now see, it's not all together right on the letter, but it's between the lines. So you've got the word." Amen. But you're looking for the meaning or the revelation behind what's being said. He said, "See, Amen. There's no man can open the book to understanding except Christ himself." The Holy Spirit hid those mysteries in there and all the Bible schools and seminaries will never be able to pull it out. He said, "God knows it alone." and will reveal it to who he will reveal it to. Amen. Can I can I close this point by saying this? Amen. The Bible was wrote by the pillar of fire. And we have had a vindicated prophet in the last days stand up on the platform and say, "The same pillar of fire that was here while the Bible was being wrote is the same pillar of fire that is here today interpreting what was wrote back there." What is it, folks? It's the message of the hour. We're not just a first pull church. We're not just a second pull church. We are a third pull church. Which means we believe in the unsealing or the opening of the book. We want more than just healings. We want more than just gifts. We want more than just prophecies. We want the word. We want the authority of the word. The Bible said, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word shall never pass away." Listen, you're not a gift bride. You're not a sensation bride. You're not an emotional bride. You are a wordborn Bible believing Holy Ghost filled pillar of fire following William Brandon quoting church of the living God. Because we got more than a Bible education. We got more than a Bible intellectual conception. We got a revelation in the depths of our soul that this book told me where I come from. &gt;&gt; It told me where I'm at and it tells me where I'm going. You say, "What is it, Brother Andrew?" The third pull is the opening of the word. &gt;&gt; Can we just get that out there? The third pull is the opening of the word. It's the unsealing of the book. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon said, "See, the third pull was the opening of them seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word." So, there were love secrets that were hid inside the word. Amen. Now, you all know this. study the message that brother Bram said that the book of revelation has a book in the Old Testament and he said it's called the book of Daniel. He said Daniel of the Old Testament is revelation of the new. He said now look here in Daniel 12. Y'all want to can you put that up? Daniel 12 and 4. Amen. The Bible says this. But thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book even to the time of the end. For many shall run to and fro and knowledge shall be increased. Verse five. Then I, Daniel, looked, and behold, there stood other two, the one on the side of the bank of the river, and the other on the other side of the bank of the river. And one said to the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, "How long shall it be to the end of these wonders? How long are we going to have to wonder? How long are we going to have to presume and probe and guess and try to consult with this one and look through this?" Amen. But I heard the man clothe the linen. Brother said that was the Holy Spirit which was upon the waters. He said which was peoples and multitudes. He said of the river when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven and swear by him that liveth forever that it shall be for a time times and a half and when he shall have brother said he. Amen. That's a personal pronoun. He said that's the antichrist. Amen. Accompass to scatter the power of the holy people. That's when he breaks his covenant in the middle of the week. He said, "All these things shall be finished." Amen. So, at the same time that the son of predition or the antichrist is being revealed and is scattering the power of the holy people, the prophet of God announces, Revelation 10:7 is being fulfilled in the days of the voice of the seventh angel. When he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. You say, "What is the mystery of God?" The prophet of God said, "It's God in you, the hope of glory shining forth the baptism of the Holy Ghost." Oh, Grace tabernacle, don't you know what I'm talking about? You're not just a church. You're not just a people. You are the revelation of the revealing of the mystery of God in the hour that we're living in. Listen, I'm not looking for the Holy Ghost. I'm looking at the Holy Ghost. You say, "I'm not the Holy Ghost." You're exactly right. But underneath that redeemed badger skin is dwelling the power of God in the form of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Listen, the devil can only do as much as you let him. The devil can only get away with as much as you let him. The devil can only drive you as far as you let him stay in the driver's seat. But somewhere you got to get a hold of yourself and get a hold of a revelation that I have come from God. I got a seed in my soul. I'm going back to God. There ain't nothing the devil can do. The book has already been opened. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's go on to verse eight. And I heard &gt;&gt; but I understood not. &gt;&gt; You know a good evidence you can understand is when you can say what you're hearing. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Then said I, oh my Lord, what shall be the end of these things? And he said, go thy way, Daniel, for the words are closed up. Come on, man. &gt;&gt; Come on. The words are closed up and they are sealed until the time of the end. For many shall be purified and made white and tried, but the wicked shall do wickedly. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And none of the wicked shall understand. &gt;&gt; But here's you. &gt;&gt; But the wise, brother Roy, but the wise shall understand. You know what a prophet said? He said the church is going to become more churchy. He said the wicked are going to come more wicked. He said, "But the saints are going to come closer to God." Brother said, "The end time message shall reveal it." Amen. The last church age, he said, "The mystery, the things that the church will pass their eyes and says it's nonsense. The mystery of who Jesus Christ was." Amen. The person of God and all these other mysteries will be revealed because it's wrote here in this book and to be revealed in the end time generation. He said, "No wonder they can't understand why you don't cluck up with them because there's a power and there's a vision behind it." Amen. A word of God that's been revealed to get the church in order for the rapture for the going home. Well, somebody shout, "We're going home." Brother Joel, we're not going to another church age. We're not going to another dispensation. The opening of the book has put the church in rapture order. And one of these mornings, we're not looking for a prophet to come back. We're not looking for the revelation. We're not looking for a vision. We're not looking for power. We are in divine possession this morning of the power of God that'll change our bodies some morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If I was the devil, I'd fight every bride member two because you're not looking for something. You're looking at something. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I love what John said. He said, "Blessed is he that readeth." Is it okay just to preach a little bit? Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein. Listen what he said. Revelation 1:3, for the time is at hand. In Daniel 12, seal it up. Amen. In the Old Testament, seal it up, but the time is at hand. Brother said, you want a blessing? He said, just read it. Amen. The seven seal book will listen to the prophet. He said, the seven seal roll book. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I can't help but preach, brother Brian. Amen. God took role and I was accounted for. &gt;&gt; Come on. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. I went to a private Christian school and the way they took role was you sat down in your seat. And now school started at 7:30, but you were not tardy until roll was taken. So, amen. We always knew that one teacher sitting there and drink coffee till about 8 o'clock. So, we had time. You people been Tennessee. We had time to go by pals and get a coffee and get a tea and I got to keep on preaching. &gt;&gt; But when she called ro, you better be sitting in your chair. And you know how you answered attendance, you didn't say, "Here, you read a scripture." Amen. Can I tell you this? God took Ro, folks, and when he checked if you were there, he didn't see how many degrees you had, how well you could quote the Bible, how strong you were in memorization of quotes. He just looking for you to say that ain't nothing but the truth. Amen. Everything that was spoken, there was a program response on the inside of the soul of a believer. We're not a bunch of chickens. We're eagles. We cannot up with denomination. We cannot sack up with traditional ideas. We must have the bread of his presence, which is the revelation of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; He said the complete word is now revealed in these seven mysteries. Amen. He said, "Then what is it? What is the opening the seals?" Then it's revealing Christ. Amen. What is Christ? He is the anointing. He is the anointed word. Oh, the prophet read it. Very beautiful. And the yoke shall be destroyed. &gt;&gt; Because of the anointing, he said, "Now see, amen. If you're living way down here and you're still holding that organization," he said, "Now look, it's time to move up." He said it's time to examine our lives by the word. He said we ought to live above the short hair and all this age now. He said we're into something now that God's revealing the hidden mysteries that's been put on the book before the foundation of the world. And those who have obeyed in these small things will catch it in these other things. Amen. If you can obey in the small things, then you will catch the revelation in the greater things. Amen. I love it because this morning we're not here, Amen. reading our Bibles and praying and sec and and setting ourselves aside and and consecrating ourselves. Amen. Just to try to get an audience with the preacher or or to get an audience with the pastor. Amen. But I believe this morning as believers, amen, we want an audience with God. Amen. And I'll say this, to have an audience with someone, it means to have a formal meeting. It means to have a formal meeting, amen, with a person of high status or importance. Amen. So if you get an audience with somebody, amen, they are of importance, they're of high status, they're a valuable person. Come on. You know, you don't go down here if you're trying to get a job with some CEO or some corporation. Amen. You don't walk in there in your worst clothes. Amen. Saying your slang and sitting down in the chair and saying, "Yo, boss, what's up?" Amen. you got any room for me on the job? No, you go to a training session and they train you on how to approach the boss because you're trying to create a desired result and the result is what you want is the job. Can I say something to you? Amen. There's many people could dress right. Amen. They could look right. They had all the education. But when they went in there and sat down with the boss, they didn't know what to say. Amen. They tried to say this and say that and they did not get the result they were looking for. Oh, come on, church. A prophet of God said, "We everyone have a right to have an audience with Jesus Christ right now." Amen. I'll say this. The Jesus Christ I'm talking about, Amen. is not the second person. He's not the third person. He is the only person. As a matter of fact, Brother Joel, Amen. He is the King of Kings. He is the Lord of Lords. &gt;&gt; Can I preach to you? Can I tell you what he is? He is the high priest. Amen. I'll tell you this. We're not approaching the priest. We're not approaching a prophet. We're approaching the high priest. The prophet of God said that's what he was. He that was, that's Jesus the prophet. He that is, that is the high priest. Amen. Making intercession. He is one who can be touched with the feeling of our infirmities. Amen. Brother said, "Now we're not presuming anything. We see it." How many can say, "I see it." &gt;&gt; Amen. We see it and we know that God is here. The Holy Spirit, the great God of Elijah, the Holy Ghost, the witness of the last day is pulling his ministry right into the church. Amen. The same thing that our Lord did. Now, now catch what a prophet says. He says, "The high priest is descending from the throne to the church." Amen. The high priest is descending from the throne into the church. And the church is heaping itself up with the word because he can only come to the word. He is the word. Amen. So if you're going to talk to the word, brother David, you got to speak the same language that the word speaks if you want to get an audience with him. Amen. If you want to get an audience with an astronaut, amen, you got to talk the same language that an astronaut talks. If you want to get an audience with a president, you I don't know what you got to say. Amen. But you got to be able to say something. Amen. To get his attent. Are you hearing me? Amen. If you want to get an audience with a doctor, amen. You can't go in there and give them all your homeopathic remedies and expect them to get an audience with them. Amen. You got to approach them under the l I just lost half the curt. Amen. You got to approach them under the language that they speak or you're not going to get an audience with them. What are you saying, preacher? I'm saying what Paul said in Hebrews 4. He said, "We have a great high priest." Amen. That is passed into heavens, Jesus the son of God. Then let us hold fast our profession. Brother said, "Now look, he is the high priest of our profession, which means confession." He said, "Now to profess and to confess, Amen. is the same thing." Amen. Confess means to say the same thing. Amen. By his stripes I am healed. Now it's by his life I am saved. He said now he now listen. He cannot do nothing for us till we already say that he's done it. Listen folks, he can't do one thing until we say he's already done it. Not till we read it. Not till we memorize it. Not till we can come on. But until we can say he's already done it. He said, "We have to confess it or profess it that he's done it." Listen, then he can go to work on it. Oh, come on. Some of you right now got babies running from God. Amen. Don't sit there and let the cat have your tongue. Open up your mouth as a powerful Bible bride and say, "My baby is saved. My son is coming home. My daughter is going to be restored." Listen. And when you say that, the power of God will drop on that confession and you will put the high priest into action. &gt;&gt; Well, we might as well have church. We drove all the way out here. I think it's time to quit sitting back and letting the devil run us around on the promises of God. I think it's time we get our mouth open with an open book and we stop saying wowy, wowy, wo, and poor pitiful me. I think it's time to say what a prophet has already said. You say, "Preacher, I don't know if I can say it." You know what Paul said? He said, "The kingdom of God is God's word." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; The kingdom of God is God's word. You know what a prophet said? He said, "God's word made power." &gt;&gt; Hey, hey, hey. And when the word comes in there, how does the word get in the church? The word gets in the church when the word comes open. When the word comes in there, what does this word begin? Listen, it turns itself into power. &gt;&gt; Come on. These are not like quotes, folks. Amen. When the word gets in the soul of the church, &gt;&gt; it turns itself into power &gt;&gt; and making it say just exactly what it said. Now, you can't say it's this and it says this and make it work. &gt;&gt; Now, come on. The word can't say you're healed and then you say, "Well, I'm too far gone." And the word work. Amen. The word can't say God can do the impossible. And then you say, "Well, I don't know. My child's in the worst way they've ever been." Amen. You got to say the same thing. If the word says you're healed, then your confession has got to be, "I'm healed." If the word says you're delivered, then your confession has got to be, "I'm delivered." If the word said you never done it in the first place, then your confession has got to quit being. I remember when I smoked it. I remember when I drank it. I remember when I went there. You got to lose that confession and get a hold of the confession of the word and say God don't remember it because he said he would not remember my iniquities. &gt;&gt; Well, somebody shout hallelujah. I'm talking about saying what the word says. You got to say the same thing it says. &gt;&gt; You know what that does? It makes it a confession. &gt;&gt; Not saying, "Well, it's polished up a little here. I'll have more wisdom. I'll be in a better standing over there." You stay with the word &gt;&gt; and it makes it power. &gt;&gt; Now look what Paul says. This Okay. He says, "For we have not a high priest which could not be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin." Verse 16. Let us therefore come weakly and beggarly and eag &gt;&gt; and meekly and barely holding on. Let us therefore come boldly &gt;&gt; unto the throne of gra. Come on. We need a boldness in our worship. &gt;&gt; We need a boldness in our prayer. &gt;&gt; We need a Come on. You say, "Well, boldness is noise." Amen. Boldness is not noise and volume. Boldness is power. &gt;&gt; Come on. Amen. If I could get up there and scream a prayer, God, I'd have boldness. Listen, there's people scream prayers and can't blow the fuzz off of a peach. Amen. But take a little housewife. that knows her position in the word of God and she looks at the devil and says, "Devil, you brought that fever upon my baby, but in the name of Jesus Christ, I take it off." Amen. She ain't got to scream the house down. She can stand up on the open book with a confession in her mouth. &gt;&gt; You got to come boldly into the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need. Now, I know what you're thinking. This word boldly, brother Rusty. probably we're probably thinking it means to put on some marching shoes and kick doors out of the way. Amen. And come sit down and kick pews over. Amen. Knock the microphone stand over and I've done that a few times. And kick the speakers out of the way, brother. Brother, I'm coming bold. Amen. Amen. I'm coming bold, brother Connor. I'm coming bold, brother. Amen. That's not boldness. You know what Paul said? Come boldly. Look at this word boldly. It means freedom in speaking. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. It means an unreservedness in speech. It means openly and frankly. It means free and fearless confidence. It means cheerful and cold and courage and boldness. Amen. Can I say this to you tonight? This morning, we're not desiring, Amen, to come weak. We're not desiring to come meagerly and beggarly. We want to come boldly. Amen. I want to say this. We are desiring, Amen, an audience with a high priest. But we got to know what to say. Amen. We got to know what to say. Remember said this. He said, "You know, there's certain things we can say that takes a hold with the Holy Spirit. Just certain things that pleases him just right." I want you to notice Mark 11. What you say? If we could just find what to say. If we could just find what to say, your words judge you or condemn you or will bless you. You know what? You know what? What David said in Psalms 81:10, he says, "I am the Lord thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt." Now look here, "Open thy mouth wide." &gt;&gt; I think probably everybody here could do that this morning, but brother Kobe, bless his heart, had them wisdom teeth cut out. &gt;&gt; Open thy mouth wide and I will feel it. &gt;&gt; So that tells me, oh God, that he's going to put something in there that a small mouth can't handle. He's going to put something in there that you can't just be a little small mouth Christian. Well, amen. I just trying to get by. I I just joined the church. No, he's going to put something in there. He's going to put the revelation of the bread of his word in your mouth. And it's going to become more than just a quote. It's going to become more than just a scripture. It's going to become a confession. It's going to become a profession. It's going to become a sword in the mouth of a believer. Listen, you're not going to fight flesh and blood, but with the sword of the spirit, which is the word in your mouth, you're going to tear down the enemy's kingdom, you're going to break the strongholds of the unbelieving spirits. &gt;&gt; Open thy mouth wide. &gt;&gt; And I will feel it. Which means you can't just eat twice a week. &gt;&gt; Now, I know I know &gt;&gt; I get to talking like this and that spirit of condemnation starts settling in the building. Well, I ain't got a right to say nothing and I don't know what to do. Well, well, let's go to Exodus 3:13. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; And Moses said unto God, "Behold, when I come into the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, the God of your fathers has sent me unto you, and they shall say to me, what is his name? What shall I say unto them?" Amen. &gt;&gt; What shall I say unto them? And God said unto Moses, tell them you got a DD and a PhD &gt;&gt; and tell them you were. &gt;&gt; Come on. Tell them I am that I am. &gt;&gt; Brother, you talking about a mouthful. I am that I am. And he said, "Thus shall thou say unto the children of Israel, I am hath sent me unto you." Listen. He goes on in Exodus 4:10, "And Moses said unto the Lord, oh my Lord." Now, now come on. Amen. God, brother Brian, has already supplied what to say. He's already told Moses. Amen. When they ask you who you are and what you're doing here and what authority you have to do the things you're doing, he said, "Look at him and say, the I am &gt;&gt; that I am has sent me unto you." Now listen and look what what Moses said in chapter 4 and verse 10. Oh Lord, I am not eloquent. Amen. Neither henceforth nor has I spoken of thy servant, but Lord, I'm slow of speech and of a slow tongue. Lord, that's a mouthful. Amen. I struggle with some words. That's a mouthful. Amen. I don't know what to say. I don't know how to say it. But watch what he said. Amen. The Lord said unto him, "Who hath made the man's mouth? And who maketh the dumb or the dead or the seen of the blind? Have not I the Lord? Now therefore go and I will be with thy mouth." &gt;&gt; Can I finish the rest of it? And I will teach thee what thou shalt say. Brother said it beautiful. He said he couldn't speak. Well, you know what God said? He said, "That's okay. I'll heal him of it." &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Amen. You know how Moses got healing was when he stepped into his con. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. When he stepped into his commission and begin to say what the Lord put in his mouth. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. If he would have went down there and tried to tell him who he was, he would have stuttered and stammered and spit and got choked up on his words. But the Lord put some words in his mouth, said, "Go down there." And when they ask you who you are, I know you got a stutter. I know you got a stammered lips. But when you open your mouth and you I'm about to explode up here. When you open your mouth and begin to confess your commission by the confessing of your commission, I'm going to heal your speech impediment. Oh, glory to God. By the confession of who called you, by the confession of who positioned you, by the confession of who anointed you, I'm going to heal your insecurities. Oh, church of the living God. I believe there's a bomb in Gilead. I believe there's some healing in the building this morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I believe right now, if you'll begin to confess, I'm an overcomer. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. If God be for me, who can be against me? By his stripes, I am healed. You are a word bride, which means you have a word confession. &gt;&gt; Brother Wesley, when you begin to confess the word of your commission, it brings healing. &gt;&gt; You know, and don't get mad at me, but you know why some of y'all are spiritually sick? is because you can't turn loose of that negative condemnation of a confession &gt;&gt; and you stay spiritually sick. &gt;&gt; Listen, I ain't playing with that devil this morning. &gt;&gt; I'm not playing with that devil. It's time for some healing. &gt;&gt; It's time for some healing to come into the church. Amen. Quit saying what they said about you. &gt;&gt; Well, they said I was a failure and they said I wasn't going to amount to nothing. Amen. Who are they? &gt;&gt; Come on. You say they said, "I got a question. Who are they? Did they call you? Did they save you? Did they put your name on the Lamb's Book of Life?" They did not. So, they have no authority over your confession. But I'll tell you who has authority over your confession. Is the one that picked you up in the gutters. Is the one that healed you when you was on your deathbed. Is the one that gave you the Holy Ghost. Is the one that filled you with the dynamics of his spirit. Is the one that saved your babies. Is the one that gave you the blessings of God. I'll tell you who's got a right to confess is the sons and daughters of God. And by your confession, God will heal that old failure mentality. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I'll be with your mouth. &gt;&gt; I'll be with your mouth. &gt;&gt; Well, my mama was this and my daddy was at it. My grandpa was this and my grandma was that. My great grand &gt;&gt; God ain't going to heal you by that confession. &gt;&gt; You got to confess what the word says. &gt;&gt; See, now let me show you something. God spoke to Moses face to face. &gt;&gt; You know that. &gt;&gt; But that didn't heal him. He talked face to face with God &gt;&gt; and it didn't heal him. &gt;&gt; But then the prophet said God spoke lift to ear to Moses. &gt;&gt; And Moses went and said what God said lift to ear. &gt;&gt; Come on. Let me just cut to the chase and say it. The bride is the final voice &gt;&gt; under her messenger. She's the final voice to the final age. Look at Matthew 10:18. and ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles. But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak, for it shall be given you in the same hour. &gt;&gt; What ye shall speak, &gt;&gt; Sister Debbie, all scripture is given. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. All scripture is given. And Jesus said, "Don't take no fault what you're going to say in the hour you have need." Oh God, I'll give you what to say. And it won't be some flimsy idea. It won't be some wimpy excuse. It'll be something from the unsealed book. It'll be something from the Bible. It'll be something from the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You say, "You lost your mind." No, I haven't. It's the power of confessing the word. Look at this word given means to give over to someone. Now can I can I can I read verse 20? &gt;&gt; For it is not ye that speak. &gt;&gt; But the spirit of your father which speaketh in you. &gt;&gt; Look at this word speaketh. It means to use words in order to declare one's mind. It means to disclose one's thoughts. Notice this, brother David. Paul not speaketh to you. &gt;&gt; But speaketh in you. &gt;&gt; See, he's using your eyes and your lips. If you premeditate, then you're doing your own thinking. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. You all know there's been times that the spirit out of you. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Come on. Y'all know Brother Wayne's testimony over there in India when the pictures was on the wall and they said you can't take them down and the woman fell dead in the floor with a demon possession or not. I don't know if she was dead or not, but she just fell over in the floor. And brother Wayne said, we went back to preaching and before I could pick up on my notes, I said, "If God is God that or how was it? If that woman don't get up out of the floor, God's not even God." He said, and when I said it, I closer my mouth. Amen. And he said this. He said, "Because God's God whether she gets up off the floor or not." He said, "But you know what happened was God brought a challenge to the gods of them religions and proved who he was." Now, come on, folks. He didn't come out of the heavens literally and speak it, but he picked up a piece of Arkansas dirt and sent him over to India and put him behind a pull pit and put a word in his mouth. Hallelujah. And defied the Hindu gods, old church of the living God. I want to say this. If God can do it through one, he can do it with another. If God can do it through Arkansas dirt, he can do it through Tennessee dirt. He can do it through Missouri dirt. He can do it through Virginia dirt because he's God. And he just needs somebody to get out of his way and open up their mouth and let him feel it. &gt;&gt; He'll give you the words to say. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." I haven't lost my mind. If you're willing to be the lamb, he'll be the dove and do the speaking. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. &gt;&gt; This is not just another church. &gt;&gt; You're not just another people. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you something? You're another Mary. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You're another Mary. &gt;&gt; Oh, God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. I'm about to knock the walls out myself. You're another Mary. And God has opened his word and put a word in your mouth. Hallelujah. He don't need your abilities. He don't need your ambitions. He don't need your motives and agendas. He just needs you to open up your mouth and let the I am that I am feel it with a word of revelation. &gt;&gt; Somebody give confidence. It's a creative word. It's an authoritative word. &gt;&gt; Listen, Mary, you're going to bring forth the son. And the angel answered and said unto her, "The Holy Ghost." I'm stacking word upon word. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; The Holy Ghost shall come upon me, &gt;&gt; and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And the thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the son of God. Can I tell you what that word overshadow means? It's used of the Holy Spirit, exerting creative energy upon the womb of the Virgin Mary and impregnating it &gt;&gt; by a word. &gt;&gt; Oh God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You know why it's so electrifying in here this morning is because the same overshadowing power. &gt;&gt; Now, &gt;&gt; Amen. I got to punch that devil again because he's showing his head. &gt;&gt; Now listen. And Mary said, "I can't do it." &gt;&gt; And Mary said, "I'm not able. I don't know a man." But you know what my Bible said? My Bible said that creative energy &gt;&gt; created a response in Mary. You know what Mary said? Behold the handmade of the Lord be it unto me. &gt;&gt; Brother Joe, according to thy word, Reverend said, I believe the same one that could overshadow Mary, that could create, he can also put a word in your mouth. I depend on him daily. It's his word. And he can't say something contrary to the word. Listen. Then if you say you're anointed and preach against the truths of God, then it's not the anointing of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Because the Holy Ghost overshadows you. He brings the same thing because it's the word. Now, Revelation 22:6, these are faithful and true. Look here. Blessed is he that keepeth the same of this book and doeth them. The same shall the right to the tree of life. Look here said, "You might keep the church sayings, but just keep Jesus's sayings." &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm going to I'm going to skip over a section here. I want to get somewhere if that's okay. He said, "See, you're believers and there's nothing can separate you." Revelation 22:10, give me that scripture. And he saith unto me, seal not, somebody say saints, &gt;&gt; seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book. For the time is at hand. Look at this word saying it's a speech. It's a word. It's uttered by a living voice. And what you say embodies the conception or idea. the saints of God is a decree. It's a mandate. It's an order. What is declared is a thought and becomes a declaration. So the Bible says the time is at hand to say what's unsealed. &gt;&gt; Isn't it funny that right now we're dealing with more people that don't want you to quote brother Brandham, &gt;&gt; quote Charles Spurgeon, quote Wigglesworth, quote every president, quote every historian, quote every dict dictator, quote, quote whoever you want to, but just don't quote brother Brandham &gt;&gt; because you might offend somebody &gt;&gt; now. Now, come on. &gt;&gt; Punch that devil in the face. &gt;&gt; Don't say brother Brandham because you might offend the denominational spirit. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, if you got somebody sitting in your church from the north and you're from the south and you quote a general from the Civil War that was in the South, are you going to back up because you might scare them that you won the &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; No. You know why? Because you believe what you're saying and you're not embarrassed to say it. And you know why people can't say what said is because just be honest. You don't believe it. &gt;&gt; Just go ahead and be on. Well, I don't believe. Amen. I believe. No, you don't. If you got to stand there and hack quotes and hack what a prophet said to present your idea and your direction, do us all a favor and just say you don't believe the message so we know where you stand. &gt;&gt; But if you do believe the message, then take off the gloves and quit being a kind old priest and say what's already been said. &gt;&gt; There's power behind those quotes. &gt;&gt; There's authority behind those quotes. Tell me, don't say it. Don't say it. &gt;&gt; I got a new answer for you. If God didn't want me to say it, he wouldn't have unsealed it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; If God didn't want me to tell you this morning that missing limbs could be restored in this building, he would have never unsealed it. If God didn't want me to tell you this morning that he's the same God of Rosella Griffin that he was of your child, then he wouldn't have unsealed it. But because he unsealed it, he's ready for somebody to say it. And the prophet of God said this. He said, "The spirit and the prophet and the bride &gt;&gt; will be saying the same thing &gt;&gt; and what they will say will have already been said in the word." &gt;&gt; Reverend said, "How many's looking for a healing this morning?" I ask you, how many's looking for healing this morning? &gt;&gt; He said, you're looking for healing of the body to be so complicated. It's very simple. &gt;&gt; Just take God at his word and just saying the same thing he does. By his stripes, I am healed. Now, amen. Amen. I can't be this close to it and not say it. Okay. But the reason people don't know how to walk to a well body is because they're under the control of blind saints &gt;&gt; of blind guides. &gt;&gt; So because they can't see it, brother Tom, they don't want you to see it. &gt;&gt; And because they can't say it, &gt;&gt; they don't want you to see it. But a pro of God said, "If you come," he said, "Now look, let me tell you what to come saying. Don't come criticizing. Come saying, "God, I want to see where you're in it, and God will show you himself in it." &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm going to open up here a little bit because I' I've used that quote on a lot of people that the Lord leads somebody to do something and they get all been out of shape and it's of the devil and it's going to fall apart in 10 years or five years or five day. And I I just looked at him, I said, "Look, amen. Don't go criticizing. Just go say, "God, I want to see where you're in it." Re said, "And God is under obligation to show you himself in it." &gt;&gt; If God is in it and you're a seed, he's under obligation. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. Amen. You young people looking to get married. Amen. It ain't just about meeting somebody and talking to them and you like this and like the same color shirt. Amen. It's about finding is God in this or not. And if God is in it, then pray for God to show you where he's in it. And when he reveals to you he's in it, then you stay in it. But the minute God reveals to you he's not in it, get out of it. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Put your running shoes on and run as far to the hills as you can. &gt;&gt; If you come here not saying, I come for one sole purpose. Amen. I'm home and I'm going to preach a little bit here and I'm not going to be much longer, but I want you to hear this. If you come here not saying I come for one sole purpose, that is to contact Christ for my body or my soul, you'll go home just as happy as you can be for you will contact him now. Amen. I I hope I don't kill the meeting right here in one quote, but it's on my heart. &gt;&gt; And I'm gonna read it. &gt;&gt; Is that okay? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many thanks God for our pastor? &gt;&gt; How many thanks God for our pastor's wife? Amen. Amen. Giving their lives to serve God's people. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, well, you say, "Well, I don't like this and I don't like that, and I don't like Amen." But I tell you this, God's a God of transformation. &gt;&gt; God's a God that can take nothing and make something out of it. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. God's a God that can take a horse barn and make a powerhouse of it. &gt;&gt; Amen. God's a God that can take a drunk and make a sinner and take a sinner and make a saint out of it. &gt;&gt; Come on. You know what a prophet of God said? He said, "You just come with a pure heart believing that Jesus Will you take this instruction? &gt;&gt; Believing that Jesus Christ is the savior and you've accepted him and you believe God will keep his word and you're looking to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and he will give it to you." Look here. Now say, somebody say with me, now say, &gt;&gt; now say, Lord, just any way you pour it into me just so I get the Holy Ghost. That's all I want is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Give me something that'll take away the selfishness. Give me something that'll take the fear and doubting away. If you make me shout, that's okay. I've seen others shout and didn't live it. Don't make me speak with tongues. Lord, I've seen others speak with tongues and didn't live it. But Lord, put something in me that'll live in me. &gt;&gt; Lord, how many Grace tabernacle folks can say, Lord, in this church, put something in me that'll live in me. Not just something I feel on Sunday morning or feel on Wednesday night or feel down at the youth camp. I want something that'll live in me 247. &gt;&gt; Put something in me, Lord, that'll live. &gt;&gt; That'll make me walk every day as a Christian. That'll make me love my enemies. That'll make me speak good of those who speak evil of me. That'll make me ready to repent. &gt;&gt; Anything I do wrong, &gt;&gt; come right up and confess it. I'll say now Lord you know they me wrong and you know Lord I've been holding this grudge for 55 years. No I'll say I'm wrong. Forgive me God. &gt;&gt; That's the kind of spirit you want. &gt;&gt; Isn't it? &gt;&gt; See makes me humble. I didn't know I had this in my notes. When my pastor sees something wrong in me, &gt;&gt; he walks around and says, "Now, brother or sister, you ought not to do these things. &gt;&gt; Make me humble and say, "Yes, my brother. God, can I have seven nights on that one? &gt;&gt; Yes, my brother. I don't want that kind of spirit on me. Now, help me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Isn't it funny? A pastor's a man of God in the pull pit. &gt;&gt; But when he's watching over your Oh, God. But when he's watching over your life and he comes by and just has a little word with you, just an encouraging word, tries to help you a little bit, all of a sudden he's got something you &gt;&gt; see, as long as he's in the pull pit, it's the word in his mouth. But but when he calls you on the phone and says, you know, I've been noticing you've been missing church. I'm not here. I'm not trying to beat you or nothing. I just was everything okay? &gt;&gt; I'm going to preach and you can sit there and look at me. It's the same word in his mouth behind the pull pit as it is when he calls you on the phone. It's not a different God behind the pull pit and a different word on Monday. You know the problem is, hey, I'll just go ahead and say it. Nine times out of 10, the problem's not the pastor and it's not the deacon and it's not the pastor's wife. Amen. It's an old spirit on us. It's got a hold of our tongue and made us slow of speech to repent. But I say this morning, Lord, if you'll show me where I'm wrong and open my mouth and fill it with the word of repentance, I'll confess I'm wrong. I'll confess I shouldn't have said it. I'll confess I shouldn't have done it. And I'll say, "Lord, forgive me and change me." &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm out of time. &gt;&gt; I'm going to say this. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Open my mouth, Lord. &gt;&gt; Fill it with your word. I'm not going to read time. I'm just going to say it. Do you realize what you say reflects what you believe? &gt;&gt; And do you know what you say has got to be more what you feel. &gt;&gt; Can I just Can I just tie it up by saying this? The book is I'm trying, brother. You're pulling better than I'm preaching on. Are you hearing me? Amen. You got to You got to come to a spot. You got to come to a spot that you say, "Lord, let this book speak through me." &gt;&gt; You know why the devil's trying to seal this book back up? You know why? &gt;&gt; It's because he don't want you to say it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You know why he's trying to put seals back on this book? Is because he brother Adam don't want you to say it. He don't want you to confess the word over that situation. But come on, centurion. Come on, Roman centurion. My My child is sick. Amen. Oh, God. My child is sick. Amen. My child is sick. Amen. Would you come by my house? Oh no. Amen. Just speak the word. &gt;&gt; Just speak the word. Listen, Mr. Destiny, he was looking at the word and what he be to say was confessing what he believed about who he was looking at. He said, "I believe you don't even have to come to my house. You got enough power. If you just speak the word, when I get home, my child will be well." Come on, sire Phoenician woman. Come on, sire Phoenician woman. Amen. You're a gentile and you come up to the Lord and your daughter's grievously vexed with the devil and he looks at you and says, "It's not meat &gt;&gt; for me to give the crumb or to feed the bread to the dogs." &gt;&gt; And you know what she did? She folded her arms and said, "Bless God. That's the last time he'll ever talk to me like that. Bless God, I'll show man. Bless God, I'll show the deacon. Bless God, I'll show the church." You know what she said? She said, "Yay, Lord. Yay, Lord. But even the crumbs, &gt;&gt; even the crumbs that fall from the master's table, do the dogs eat. You know what the prophet of God said? He said it wasn't her speaking, brother Roy. It was her revelation speaking. &gt;&gt; Come on, woman with the issue of blood. Come on, woman with the issue of blood. You've been 12 long years with this issue of blood and this isn't helping. The doctors can't help you. Physicians can't help you. But she said within herself, "If I may but touch the hymn of his garment, I know I'll be made whole." &gt;&gt; Come on, brother said this. He said, "Come on, Hatty." Right? Come on, Hatty. Right. You're in there just cleaning the tables and dusting the dust and cleaning up the house. But you hear on the other side that the God of creation has returned in the age you're living in. And he created squirrels. and something begins to well up on the inside of you. What are you gonna say? &gt;&gt; What are you gonna say? &gt;&gt; What are you gonna say that ain't nothing but the truth? &gt;&gt; What are you saying, preacher? I'm saying this. God has redeemed you. &gt;&gt; God has unsealed his book. &gt;&gt; He has released these seals. &gt;&gt; He has opened his word. He just needs somebody &gt;&gt; to say it. &gt;&gt; Can I say it to you this morning? &gt;&gt; Here am I, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Here. Here am I, Lord. &gt;&gt; I'll go say what a prophet said. &gt;&gt; I know they don't like it, but I'll go say it anyhow. &gt;&gt; Told you Wednesday night I was speak just a minute tonight. This morning, y'all, y'all praying for us and helped us go to Czech Republic. I went there under a was a backsliding line deceiving preacher from America left the message has been cowardly secretly going to young people overseas and trying to pull them out of the message and I accept the challenge of the word &gt;&gt; because I'm not Ahab, I'm Elijah. &gt;&gt; I don't run &gt;&gt; because some guy was dedicated by brother Brandham and now he don't believe brother's a prophet. Now all of a sudden no I'm sorry I'm not I'm not Saul. I'm David. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. I'll shout by myself. &gt;&gt; I'm David. &gt;&gt; So, I went over there and brother Matt, God is my witness. I didn't realize it until I left there on on Sunday. When I walked out of the out of the hotel where they were hosting the youth camp, I looked over at Josh Martin with me. I looked over, I said, "This is literally the first time I've been out of this building since I got here on Wednesday." He said, "Really?" I said, "Yeah, I went there under such a burden. I went to my room and studed. I went to the pull pit and preached. I went to my room and studied. Went to the pull pit and preached. I got in there on Friday night and begin to deal with the spirit of begging versus believing. &gt;&gt; And I said, "You ain't going to beg a revival. &gt;&gt; You ain't going to pray a revival out of this altar. You ain't going to fast one out of a prayer room. You're going to have to accept what God has sent in your hour." And I said, "What he sent is the message of the hour." &gt;&gt; Brother, when I said that, the Holy Ghost dropped right there in that building. I got home the other day. They actually baptized I think last count I had was nearly 24 people baptized out that camp. Young girl met me in the hallway going to my room. She met me there in the hallway and she said, "But Andrew," she said, "I got a question about the seals and the thunders." And she started telling me all these things and she said, "This man says this and that man says that and this man says this." And she said, "I'm really confused." She said, "What do I believe?" I said, "When did you get confused?" She said, "Well, when I listen to this man say this and this man say that." And I said, "Well, then go back to what a prophet said &gt;&gt; and you'll go back to not being confused. &gt;&gt; It's the book. Say it." &gt;&gt; If a prophet said the seven seals are open, say it. If he said rapture and faith is in those thunders, just say it. &gt;&gt; And I got I got home, brother Matt, the other day on Sunday. I woke up last Sunday thinking about those meetings and the devil bombarded my mind about that Friday night. And I just pray. I said, "Lord, I I just preach what was on my heart. I pray some way somehow it helped somebody, blessed somebody, done something for somebody and I know more and said that brother and I got a text on my phone and when I opened my phone it was the host pastor, assistant pastor there. He texted me Andrew he said got a testimony for you. He said Friday night while you were preaching on accepting the word as your deliverance. He said there was a young man sitting there had been gambling for years and said he was bound by it. Said he accepted his deliverance and baptizing him this morning &gt;&gt; and he's totally delivered. &gt;&gt; What are you saying? I'm saying God needs somebody to say what's been unsealed. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I'm I'm I'm done. I'm closing my Bible. I read this. I got to say it to you. God has redeemed you, bride. &gt;&gt; God has redeemed you to speak through you. You know what the pro God said? He said God is full of mercy and he made a way to redeem that woman. And now he promised her, telling her that sometime in the future, the true word would come to her again. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you, you are she? &gt;&gt; The true word will be made known to her. You are her. Now remember the word. Christ through the word, the woman. Christ is the word. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. &gt;&gt; Satan, I bind you in the name of Jesus Christ. I bind your paralyzing forces on the vocal cords of these believers. I bind that spirit that has paralyzed your vocal cords. And it's been years since you've confessed the promises of God. In closing this morning, brother one, I take the liberty of the Holy Ghost to bind that devil and say, "The Holy Ghost is here to release your tongue. He's here to release your vocal cords. He's here to open your mouth. And he's here to feel it with the promises of his word. You say, "Preacher, what are you saying?" I'm going to say exactly what a prophet said. He said, "Here it is." He said, "Here it is." He said, "And Christ is the word." Now, before a word is a thought, a thought has to be created. All right? &gt;&gt; So, God's thoughts become creation. when it was spoke by a word &gt;&gt; that when he presents it to you as a thought his thoughts and it's revealed to you. &gt;&gt; Ready, &gt;&gt; brother Brian? Then it's still a thought until you speak it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But the minute you speak it, &gt;&gt; is the very minute it becomes the word. &gt;&gt; Oh, Grace tabernacle, open your mouth this morning and let the Holy Ghost fill it with the thoughts of God. Let the Holy Ghost fill your mouth. Listen, you've been thinking it. You've been praying about it. You've been thinking about it. But now it's time to say it. It's time to say it. Come on. You're sick. Go ahead right now and say, "I'm healed." You're bound. Go ahead right now and say, "I'm delivered." You're broke. Go ahead right now and say, "God supplies all of my needs according to his riches and glory." You're discouraged. Go ahead and say, "The Lord is the joy in my life." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You don't know which way to turn. Go ahead and say it. All things work together &gt;&gt; for the good &gt;&gt; for the good to them who love God, Brother Bobby. And who are called according to his purpose. I close by saying this this morning. The revelation is speaking. &gt;&gt; The revelation is speaking, brother Jared. The revelation has a voice. &gt;&gt; It's yours. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? &gt;&gt; God has unsealed the book to you. &gt;&gt; God has revealed the thought to you. Oh, these things are so wonderful, Brother Andrew. Oh, these things are so powerful, Brother Andrew. Oh, Brother Matt, that was such a powerful servant preach. Oh, brother, that was so good. Take another step. Take another step. You know what? You know what a prophet God said? He said when you speak it, he says then it becomes an L folks. I'm not a crazy man. There's some warriors in this building. Sister not just a sister that comes to this church. It's a warrior. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Can I preach a second? &gt;&gt; She started this church. When they started this church, she come here and begin to confess. I remember I remember brother Matt the first time I preached her praying for I believe it was David Paul. I remember watching her pray and confess God is going to save my babies. &gt;&gt; God's going to bring them in. Listen folks, I remember their names over there on that wall. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Sister Becca, I remember. But today I'm standing here and I'm looking at the confession of faith that's paid off. &gt;&gt; She fought a good fight, but the devil tried to pull one out. She said, "I will not lay down, Destiny. I remember, but I will not lay down. Brother Wesley, you would not lay down. Brother Jared, you wouldn't lay down." You say, "Preacher, this don't work." Amen. Too late. I've got a witness in the building. If God reveals a promise to your heart, he's going to save your babies come hell or high water. You won't back up. You won't lay down. You'll stand there and say, "They're coming home. I don't care how far they've run. I don't care how low they are. They're coming home." Because the word has become the anchor of my soul. I'm confessing it's already done. And now you stand here today, Becca, dedicating a baby. God gave you a husband. Brother Kyle, God bless you. You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind. I haven't lost my mind. I got a hold of something to say." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I got a confession in my soul. &gt;&gt; And it's the anchor. &gt;&gt; It's the reason I preach. Reynolds, Reynolds family, the devil tried to take you out, but he didn't have enough because inside of this book spoke about a resurrection and spoke about a rapture and spoke about the dead and Christ rising first. And the devil tried to take your ministry out, Joel. The devil tried to take your confession out. Amen. But a prophet come and said, "Don't worry. Some morning between 6:00 and 9, your dead loved ones are going to come walking before you." And for years, he's gone around the world preaching. God is going to give her back. It's more than just a book. It's more than just a tape. It's time to say it. &gt;&gt; Unsave the ceilings of this book. &gt;&gt; Say it this morning. &gt;&gt; Confess your way out of it. [Music] &gt;&gt; I'm not a crazy man, Brother Peter. I'm not a crazy man. I know the devil may think because your daddy went on the glory that you ain't going to be nothing. That devil's a liar. &gt;&gt; He's got a message and it's an anchor. And I say this morning, Sister Barbara, it's more than just a quote. It's an anchor of the soul. And if you'll begin to confess it, it ain't going to be very much longer. And they're going to slow down. And I'm going to speed up and I'm going to be joined again. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm not a crazy man. Amen, Cody. I'm not a crazy man. You got a hold of something a few years ago, buddy. And the devil tried to take it out of you. But I stand here this morning, I say the devil didn't have enough, sis. The devil didn't have enough because greater was the confession of the word of God than the situations of the lives. He's greater, Sister Jennifer. God's greater, &gt;&gt; Brother David. God's greater and his word, his word has been upheld. It's time to speak it. Won't you raise your hands this morning? Testifying is not lying. I'm sorry, brother Tom. Testifying is not lying. It's confessing. It's confessing. Why don't you this morning break out of that old negative confession? Is there Moses here today. Is there a Moses here today? Lord, I'm slow of speech. Lord, my tongue is slow. Lord, I'm not eloquent enough. Lord, this is a mighty commission. Lord, you placed this and revealed it and put it on my heart. Lord, there's no way I can do it. Is there one this morning? Maybe maybe you're a mother here and the devil's telling you you can't raise them babies. You're going to lose your mind and nervousness is going to take over. Anxiety is going to destroy you. I rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus Christ. Maybe you're a father here and the devil's telling you you ain't going to make it and you're going to lose your home. You're going to lose your family. That devil is a liar this morning and you've opened up your mouth long enough and let that devil fill your mouth. I say right now, it's time to open your mouth and let the God of Moses, let the God of Moses put a piece of bread in that mouth and let him say, "I am that I am has sent thee." It's time for healing this morning. It's time for healing this morning. Hallelujah. Right now. This morning. Go ahead. Go ahead right now and open your mouth and let the bread of his presence, let the promise of his word, let the confession of the word, let it come into your mouth this morning. Let it come into your heart this morning. Let it open your mouth wide. Say, "Lord, I've confessed my negativities. I've confessed my insecurities. I've confessed my complexes long enough. Lord, you said you healed Moses when you put your commission in his mouth. Lord, open my mouth and heal me this morning. Lord, I'm not a failure. I'm not a mistake. I'm not an accident. I'm not serpent seen. I'm not defeated. I'm not overcome. I am the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Almighty God, all across this building this morning, Lord, hearts are being opened. Lives are being opened this morning. Father, you're here dealing with your redeemed bride. Lord, she's opened her mouth this morning. Lord, you said if we would open our mouths, Lord, that you would fill it with good things. Father, we didn't open our mouth to receive a creed. We didn't open our mouth to receive a little small church annity about you. But Lord, we've opened our mouth wide to receive the open book. Revelations 10 said, "Come, take the book, eat the book." Hallelujah. Father, I believe there's some bride members here today in Grace Tabernacle. I believe there's some bride members here today represented in here from other churches, Lord. Father, I believe they're ready to open their mouth. I believe they're ready to be filled with the revelation of your word. Oh, Satan, I bind you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. By the authority of the open book, by the authority of the Bible, I bind you, Satan, I paralyze your vocal cords this morning. Speak no longer to the children of God. Hallelujah. Father, things they've been thinking about, things they've been thinking about, Lord, let that super anointing that swept over Hattie, Hallelujah. Let that super anointing that swept over Hattie, let it sweep across this building this morning, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let it sweep across this building this morning. Oh God, sweep across the heart of the fifth Gospels here, Lord. Sweep across the heart of the men of God here. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh God, let that super anointing sweep through this building today. Releasing the faith, releasing the vocal cords of your children. Lord, the time is at hand. The book is unsealed. Lord, you're ready for somebody to speak it. Walk forward. You're ready for somebody to speak it. Lord, I took time this morning just to point out a few examples. Lord, I wasn't like nobody. Lord, I know this whole building is full of examples, Lord. Father, I think of our pastor, Brother Mad, his wife several years ago. Lord, stepping out under the under the direction of the Holy Spirit, Father, to follow what you made up on his heart. Lord, it become a thought, become a word. He be to speak it, Lord. Father, through the good times, the word has been his anchor. Through the low times, the word has been his anchor. Father, I pray today, dear God. Lord, for every believer here today, Lord, that maybe they're afraid to take another step. They're afraid to take that step of speaking it. Lord, they sit there and they hear the word and they think about it. They think about your power to do it. They think about how great you are. Hallelujah. Satan, get out of my way. They think about how wonderful your message is, but they're just afraid to take that next step of speaking it. Lord, may this be the day. This be the day they take the step and they speak it in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Jesus. I speak Jesus. I speak Jesus. Jesus heart. I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; I just want to speak the name of Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Speak that name this morning. Freedom. I speak Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Your name is power. &gt;&gt; Oh, I want you worship him this morning. &gt;&gt; Won't you raise your hands? &gt;&gt; Oh, I want you to bless his name here today. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Go ahead and speak it this morning. [Music] Shine through the shadow. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I just want to speak the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; He's in this building today. &gt;&gt; He's right here in this building this morning. to every soul captive. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. &gt;&gt; Oh, I want you worship him this morning. [Music] &gt;&gt; Let him become your anchor this morning. &gt;&gt; Let his name become your anchor this morning. And you break through the shadow burn. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the streets. I speak Jesus in the darkness. Over every enemy. I speak Jesus Jesus for my family. &gt;&gt; I see I speak the holy name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Glory [Music] Jesus. &gt;&gt; Go ahead and shout it this morning. &gt;&gt; That's the presence of the anointing. [Music] &gt;&gt; Things are changing right now. Things are changing right now. &gt;&gt; Situations are changing right now. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I know. [Music] Oh, &gt;&gt; I wonder somebody just worship him this morning. &gt;&gt; Somebody just break away from the coldness. Break away from the situation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] burn like a fire. &gt;&gt; For I know your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; And I'm going to break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. [Music] [Applause] as they play that softly. I want to tell you this morning. I'm sorry we're going over a little bit. &gt;&gt; But I want to give that devil a black eye right now cuz there's a spirit warning a good good war right now that God is not able to do what he puts in your heart. &gt;&gt; God's not able, brother Brian, to really do it. He He did it for Moses and he did it for David, but he can't do it for you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can I give that devil a black eye? &gt;&gt; Amen. Can I tell y'all something? Amen, brother Matt. In just a few days, it'll be a year since we moved here. Amen. I was sitting this morning in my office. And I was reading over these things about about following God, the anchor of the word. And I the Lord brought something back to my memory. Some of y'all probably don't even know this, but when I was when we were traveling here, evangelizing, preaching here, and coming through here, there were times the Lord would put things on my heart so heavy to preach in this church. And there was one particular time, brother Matt, we came and the reason I'm telling the devil that and telling this testimony is to give the devil a black eye right now. We came here. Brother Matt asked us to do a special service or something. And we came here and when he asked me to do it several months before, I knew the devil was attacking an individual in this church. I'm not a prophet, neither the son of a prophet, but I follow a prophet's message. And the Holy Spirit spoke in my heart and put that person's name on my heart and said, "You can't make it happen, but if you'll preach the word, it'll happen." &gt;&gt; I said, "Lord, I'm going to go there." And I came here that weekend and I preached the word. And I've never even told this or told this to the person. They tell them today. But I want to tell that devil something. They're standing right here in this building. And that was nearly three years ago. And they got their hands up raised and they're praising God. Listen, God don't need our abilities. Brother Morgan, he just needs our mouth. He just needs our mouth. Brother Matt, God showed you faces you would baptize. And they're here this morning. He don't need your abilities. He just needs your mouth. And he wants to feel it with the message of the hour. And he'll bring to pass a great victory because he's God. That's the anchor of my soul. &gt;&gt; And hell or high water won't shake me off of it, Brother Wesley. He's God. &gt;&gt; He's here this morning. &gt;&gt; He's right here in this field to do exactly what you have need of. &gt;&gt; If anyone needs prayer, we're glad to pray with you today. God bless you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yes, I know. &gt;&gt; I know. There is peace within your presence. &gt;&gt; And I speak &gt;&gt; I speak Jesus. &gt;&gt; For I know your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is every to the shadow burn. [Music] &gt;&gt; I speak Jesus from the mountainus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. &gt;&gt; I speak Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; I shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the streets. &gt;&gt; Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. &gt;&gt; Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, [Music] your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] &gt;&gt; And I know it'll break every stronghold. Shine to the shadow burn like a fire. &gt;&gt; Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is &gt;&gt; break every stronghold. through the shadow. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow burn. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, see how great how great is our God. &gt;&gt; I say how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great [Music] is our God [Music] in the spend of the [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. [Music] He wraps himself in. And I know that the darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. &gt;&gt; Y will. [Music] How great is our God for he's the name above all name. Yes, he is worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Can you say he's the name above all names? Well, I know he's the name above all names. Yes, my Lord, you are worthy of all praise. And my heart it will forever sing. Oh, how great is my God. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. I say how great is my God. All will see how great, how great is my God. For he's a name above all name [Music] worthy of all praise. &gt;&gt; Yes, my heart will sing. &gt;&gt; Oh, how great is our God. For I know age to age he stands. And all time is in his hands. The beginning and the end. &gt;&gt; For he is the godhead three in one. He's the father, spirit, and son. The lion and the lamb. Lion and the lamb. Oh, I say, how great is my God? team which be how great is my God. All will see how great. How great is our God. I say how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great how great is our God. For he's the name above every name and he's been worthy of every praise. Yes, my heart will sing. How great is our God? I say he's the name above every name and he's worthy of every praise. Yes, my heart will sing. How great is our God? I say, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see. How great. How great is our God. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do mirales so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you and the honor. Lord, I live my life to worship, magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my life to magnify your name. You are great. You do so great. There is no one else like you. &gt;&gt; There is no one else like you. You are great. You do mirales so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] [Music] Yes, my Lord. I live my life to worship to magnify your name. [Music] No one else like you. You are great. You do so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] You can lock me up in a prison and you can throw away the key. You can take away my vision. that these eyes of mine I can see. [Music] Well, you can deprive me of the food that I eat and by my hands and my feet. But I know as long as I still know King Jesus, I know that I I can still go free. And I say that I can still go free. Tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand and do this for me. So unworthy to live, if not to kill, but dead a man on the cross put my name in his will and set [Music] free. till I never could understand this one thing. Tell me why a king would want to leave his throne [Music] just to put on the ro of an earthly man. didn't have to feel the pain of common flesh and bone just for one purpose. Later walked down that lonely path [Music] to dark. But I know that the blood my Jesus shed. He signed my pardon [Applause] and said that I How many can you declare today? I know that I'll be free. So I say that I can still go free. Oh, tell me what kind of man that would reach down his hand and do this for me. I'm so unworthy to live not to kill. But then a man on the cross, he had my name in his will and said that I can go. I set a man on the cross had my name in his wings and said that I can. &gt;&gt; How many free this morning? How many give the Lord a hand clap of praise? I've been changed. I've been healed. Yes, I've been free. I've been delivered. Well, I found joy. I found peace. Amazing grace. I'm highly favor. And right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. &gt;&gt; Well, all my shame, &gt;&gt; all my &gt;&gt; All my guilt, &gt;&gt; all my fears, &gt;&gt; it's all my sins, &gt;&gt; my s &gt;&gt; they've been forgiven. &gt;&gt; Now there's no more chains. No more tears. &gt;&gt; No more fear. &gt;&gt; No more tears. &gt;&gt; Yes. All my past &gt;&gt; is finally over. And right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. &gt;&gt; Yes, I've been changed. And I say that I won't go back. I can't go back. How many can say it this morning? Well, well, before the spirit came and changed me. Well, I know I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. &gt;&gt; Well, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be. before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many enjoys the presence of the Lord this morning? Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you won't. He's God if you serve him. He's still God if you won't. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. He's God at the pulpit. He's God at the back door. He's God in the amen corner. He's still God all over the floor. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. He's the God of the Hebrew. He's a God of He's a God of William Br. He's the God of me and you. will. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. He's God when the lightning flashes. He's God when thunder rolls. He's God way up in heaven. He's still God down in my soul. I know God. He is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. But I remember the day he saved me from the life of sin and chained. Went down into the water rejoicing. Baptized in Jesus name. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God. He's God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you want. He's God is you. Praise him this morning. But he's still God if you want. I know God. He is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, who do you say I am? And when do you say I came? Well, do you know the Father? And can you tell me his name? And Jesus dwells the fullness of the Godhead. Don't you see? Well, Jesus is the great I am. The Lord of all is he. I know God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. But he's God. If you love him, he's God. If you don't, he's God. If you serve him, he's still God if you won't. I know God is God. God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. I am the sp to Moses in the burning bush of fire. I am the God of Abraham, the bright and morning star. I am the rose of Sharon from beginning whence I came. I am the whole creation and Jesus is my name. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is your name. I am before Abraham. He rejoiced to see my days. When Jesus spoke these precious words, they stoned him right away. Well, why do you stone me? He asked in a sweet command. Because you say that you are God and we think you're just a man. But I know God, he is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. It was on the day of Pentecost. Oh, how the power did fall. The Holy Ghost descended and filled them one and all. Then Peter told the multitude to repent of all your sins in Jesus name. 3,000 souls were baptized and born again. But I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God. If you love him, he's God. If you don't, he's God. If you serve him, he's still God. If you won't, I know God. He is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. He's still God if you're serving. He's God if you won't. He's God if you give him praise. He's still God if you don't. &gt;&gt; But I say since he is God, he's not just a God, but he's my God. And I choose to give him praise. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord, for all you've done for me. You've never failed me. You're the God of of my family. You're the God of my problems. You're the God of of my trials. You're the God of my mistakes, my weaknesses. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah, &gt;&gt; and all my failures. You're my God. &gt;&gt; I say he's still God. How many believes he's God? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe it this morning. I want you to give him a hand clap of praise. I said, how many believe he's still God? He's God. He's the very the very open door to every revelation you ever receive. Brother said, "The open door, what is it?" He said, "It's the revelation of the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. He is our God." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Amen. That he still has power over every sickness. I thought that was powerful. &gt;&gt; What a what a powerful message. When God's thought, that makes me want to shout over again. When God's thought is revealed to you, it's still a thought until you speak it and then it becomes a word. &gt;&gt; I wonder how many times that's where we battle at, brother John. Our greatest battle is fought in our thought world, in our mind. Satan's bring he's bringing thoughts by all the time. Most of the times you feel bad about yourself. It wasn't even your it wasn't even your own thoughts. It was the devil's thoughts. I can tell you it was. It's the devil's thoughts. But then the thought of God comes in because you heard it in the word somewhere and he just comes by at the right time. &gt;&gt; And he said it still remains a thought until you speak it. Then it become a word. Then it has power over your life and power over your problem and power over everything you're going through. How many believes that? &gt;&gt; Can you take the word of God and speak it? I said, how many believes that? Say amen. &gt;&gt; It's a message on speaking the word of God. You can stay that way if you want to, but I choose not to. God blesses my life because I speak it &gt;&gt; and I believe and I believe what I'm speaking. &gt;&gt; It don't matter what you got or how much you got. I've been over to India. People didn't have nothing. The happiest people I ever met in my life. Didn't have nothing. What we would call something. Didn't have no cars and houses and all that stuff. Living in a mud hut and having most joy. And they're happier than anybody you ever met because they speak the thought of God. &gt;&gt; I believe that. How many believes that? Say amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You believe the word of God. What a powerful message. How many give the Lord another hand clap of praise? What a what a blessing to be in the presence of God. Just want to remember all the the people that are gone this morning. We had several families that are out traveling. Brother Ben and ask for prayer for their family. Just want to remember them. Jordan Xavier went to visit some family in Michigan. So there's there's many that are that are gone. We just want to remember them. Safe travels on their way back. I pray that God will bless each one of you as you go and take that creative energy, whether Andrew was speaking about it, let it take hold of your life. Let God use you. Let it speak out of your lips and let that power to create an atmosphere. Isn't that Isn't that what the prophet said? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You could create an atmosphere. Create a world and live on that very world. Create an atmosphere right in the middle of layout in the middle of work and all the trouble that we go through. But by the power of your own tongue, you can create an atmosphere. I believe we have a right to do it. Amen. People may come by and think you're crazy. Well, if I'm crazy, just let me alone. I'm kind of happy like this. &gt;&gt; You might not think much about me, but I'm I'm just happy in the Lord. That's what we want to be. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Brother Joe, could you close us in a word? [Music] Amen. We just want to invite everybody. We're having our potluck dinner in the fellowship hall. Everybody's welcome. If you didn't bring anything, that's okay. You're still welcome. We've got plenty of food for everybody. So, we just invite everybody to participate. Also, I would ask that when you go to get in line for the food to make sure that the elders are visitors are in the front of the line. We always allow our elders to go first. I know the kids like to jump up in there, but we certainly want to honor our elders. Don't want them standing up in the back of the line and waiting to get food. And so, y'all just allow the elders to go first. And we just we appreciate your uh complying to that. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Nothing but the blood of Jesus. can wash away my sin. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes [Music] [Applause] [Music] I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] By this I have done nothing but the blood of Jesus. Now by this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music]
