################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Pastor Matt Morse  A Sure Rock of Salvation  06-08-2025 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse | A Sure Rock of Salvation | 06-08-2025
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dgx0uJvK5E8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Oh, nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it. Oh, let's all stand and sing that first verse. You were the word at the beginning. One with God the Lord most [Applause] high. Your hidding glory in creation now revealed in you. [Music] Oh, let's sing that second [Music] verse. Didn't want heaven without us. Jesus, you brought heaven [Music] now. My sin was great. Your love is greater. Oh, what could ever rain down? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a wonderful name it is. For nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is the name. Oh, death could not hold you. Oh, death could not hold you. The veil tore before you. You silence of oaks of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory. For you are raised to life again. Oh, you have no rival. You have no equal now and forever. God, you reign. For yours is the kingom. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all names. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Oh, nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. the name of Jesus. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful? You know that. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord with each and every one of you. I know we got brother Joe is over. Brother David Syler ministering this morning. So remember him and brother Andrew Glover is out in Colorado ministering a youth convention. So just remember our brothers out ministering. If you have a need upon your heart, just bring it to him this morning. for the mark. We open pray. [Music] Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Just one announcement once more about the church directory. Um, Sister Mariah and Sister Cara are both helping out figuring that out and get it all set up for us. So, we certainly appreciate it. Just fill out those sheets and give it And then next Sunday with it being Father's Day, Sister Mariah will have her camera. You guys can take pictures and those will be used for the directory. So bring your Sunday best and look sharp. I know where the West always does. So how many's happy to be a Christian this morning? Where could I go? Where could I go? Aren't you thankful we have somewhere where we can go this morning? Oh, living below in this whole sinful world. Oh, hardly a comfort can [Music] afford. Oh, striving alone to face temptation. So, oh, where could I go but to the Lord? Oh, and where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Oh, seeking a refuge for my [Music] soul. Oh, needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? And neighbors are kind. I love them everyone. Oh, we get along in sweet accord. Oh, but when my soul needs mana from above. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? Yes. Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Oh, seeing a refuge for my soul. Oh, needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? [Music] And life here is grand with friends I love so dear. Oh comfort I get from God's own word. And yet when I face the chilling hand of death, oh where could I go but to the Lord? Yes, where could I go? Oh, where could I go? seeking a refuge for my [Music] soul and needing a friend to help me in the end. For where could I go but to the Lord and the name of the Lord. Oh, a strong tower. Oh, the righteous run into it and they are saved. Oh, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. Oh, the righteous run into it and they are saved. Let's restart it real quick. Oh, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Yes. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Amen. Give the Lord a hand cup of praise this morning. Let's sing that song. He brought me out. He brought me out. Aren't you thankful he brought you out this morning? And my heart was distressed, the Jehovah's dread brown. And low in the pit where my sin dragged me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep my who tenderly brought me out to golden day. And he brought me out of the my clay. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established. And here I'll abide. No danger of falling. While here I remain must but stand by his grace until the crown I gain. And he brought me out of the myy clay. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelu. And he gave me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night, his sweet notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. For he brought me out of the myy. And he set my feet on a rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelu. And I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till all men his goodness shall see. I'll sing of salvation at home and abroad till many shall hear the truth and trust. Let's all stand for he brought me out of the my clay. And he set my feet on a rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song. Oh, sing the course again as the brothers come. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty clay. He set my feet on a rock to stay and he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother, we pray over the offering. Glory, glory. Well, glory, glory. Oh, I've been singing. Oh, since I laid, my bird is down. Well, glory, glory. [Applause] [Music] I've been [Music] [Applause] singing since I laid my glory. Sing that part again. Well, glory, glory. Oh, I've been singing. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. I've been singing since I lay my burdens down. I'm singing hallelujah. Oh, God is able. Hallelujah. Oh, God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Well, I feel better. Oh, so much better. Oh, since I laid my burdens down, well, I feel better. So much better since I lay my burdens down. I'm singing hallelujah. Oh, God is faithful. Hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. Oh, God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Oh, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be praiseing. Oh, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be [Music] shouting. Oh, one thing that I know. Oh, deep down in my soul, as long as I'm alive, I'm gone. I'll sing it again now. I'm saying as long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting. For one thing that I know that deep down in my soul, as long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. [Music] And I'm singing hallelujah. Oh God is able. Hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelu. Lord I'm gone. Oh as long as I'm alive, Sister Katton, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting. Oh, one thing that I know, deep down in my soul, as long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. I'm going [Music] [Music] home to see Jesus face to face. Where I'm going [Music] And heaven [Music] where I'll be. I'm going home. I'll be dancing all the way. I'm going home. No matter what people say. Oh, I'll be crying while they're fighting. I'll be walking where my prize is. I'm going home and heaven's where I'll be. Satan may try to shove me down, but the Lord won't let me fall. [Music] Every one he and it's true to the very last [Music] word and Satan's already dead. I'm going home. Walking with a smile on my face. I'm going home. I've been saved by his grace. So I'll be singing. I'll be shouting. I'll be where there's no more doubting. I'll be home. And heaven's where I'll be. I'm going home. I'm marching up to those pearly gates. I'm going [Music] home to see Jesus face to face. So where I'm going, there ain't no tears long morning or wasted years. I'm finally going home. And heaven's where I'll be. I'll finally be at home. Heaven's where I'll be. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Weapon [Music] may prosper. [Music] The God I serve knows only how to triump. My God will never fail. Oh my God will never fail. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a [Music] victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. There's power in the mighty name of Jesus. Every war he wages, he will [Music] win. Why would I back down from any giant? That's not how my story ends. Yes, that's not how my story ends. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you. You take what the enemy for evil and you turn it for good. Yes. You turn it for good. [Music] You take what the enemy for evil and you turn it for good. You turn it for [Music] good. You take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. You turn it for good. [Music] I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Holiness and it's Jesus. Victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Freedom has a name and it's Jesus. [Music] Holiness has a name and it's [Music] Jesus. Victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Freedom has a name and it's Jesus. I have seen a victory. I have seen a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. And I have seen a victory. I have seen a victory. Cuz the battle belongs to you, Lord. You take what you turn it for good. You turn it for good. Amen. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? How many you came to see a victory this morning? That's all stand. We get ready to change your the service. I just want to sing this little course. We know if you know it, just sing it with us. It's just a beautiful little course basically. Spirit of God, move. Feel your word. Write your word into my heart. Fill my whole being. Consume my life. That's your prayer this morning. Let's just sing it. Oh spirit of God, move. Write your word in my heart. Oh, fill my whole being. Consume my life. Oh spirit of God, move. An empty vessel I want to be so that you can [Music] come Lord and fill me. Oh and spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. Oh fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God move an empty vessel I want to be so that you can come. Oh Lord and if that's your prayer just sing it to him now. Oh spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. Oh, fill my whole being. Consume my life. Oh spirit of God, move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come. Oh Lord, and oh, let's just sing it once more to him. [Music] Oh spirit of God, move. Write your word in my heart. Oh, fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God, move. An empty vessel I want to be so that you can come. [Music] Oh Lord, and fill me. Oh, is that your prayer this morning? As we invite our pastor to come, let's sing that song. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory. And you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. And you deserve the glory and the honor. Oh, will you lift your voice to him this morning? Lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Will you lift your life to him? You deserve this. [Music] Oh, I give my life to worship to magnify your name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like [Music] you. There is no one else like you. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? How many you say he's great? Amen. I said, "How many can say he's great?" Amen. This the greatness of our God. Amen. We could sing all morning and about all that God has done for us and how wonderful that he is. And certainly appreciate the Lord this morning and the opportunity to be able to come and uh just to fellowship around the word of the Lord. And I just uh appreciate everybody coming out and just have a packed uh church this morning. and sure do appreciate each one of you and and being able to serve the Lord with you. I say it's an honor. Amen. Just a lot of you just look around the congregation this morning just just real solid men and women and brothers and sisters and uh certainly an honor to be able to to serve God. Amen. And how many appreciates one another? Amen. Amen. We just I won't ask y'all go shake hands or nothing. People get all odd about it and said, "Well, they don't mind shaking hands just four times in one Sunday is a lot." Well, I can't help what goes on when I'm in the back room, you know. So, I didn't know how many times y'all have y'all shook hands today. Well, go ahead then. Amen. Greet somebody in the name of the Lord. Amen. It's sure a honor to be able to come today. Amen. And I just love each one of you. And Amen. Amen. Isn't God good? Brother Wesley, isn't he good? My, he's just wonderful. He's just so wonderful. I I just I just sit there all morning and think about all that he's done. And my we could write books about what God has done for us just in our little assembly here. And and we certainly appreciate all that he does. Amen. Amen. We just want to bow our heads this morning. Maybe if you have a need on your heart, just lift your hand to the Lord. just remember Annie and our family and my aunt had passed away yesterday and that's Morgan's grandmother and and my aunt Joyce's sister. So y'all just remember all them and then uh if you have something on your heart just the Lord is certainly more than able uh to to help us this morning. Amen. So let's just pray together. your gracious heavenly father. Lord, we just say it's a privilege, Lord, to be able to stand here and to serve you today, Lord. And God, we just are so honored, Lord, to be able to take the word of God and to be able to read it. And Lord, you've given us the ability to open the book and Lord, to take the words that are there and and to speak them before the people. And but Lord, even in all of that, Lord, we couldn't bring any revelation from it. Lord, the power that lays within it. Lord, we couldn't give that power, but Lord, that all falls upon you. And Lord, we just ask you this morning, Lord, that you would anoint the word that has been given. And we just ask that you would help each one, every hand that's raised, every need that needs to be met this morning, every soul that needs saved, every person that needs healing. God, we just rely upon you to do what you do this morning. God, we just ask you that you would be with each one. Lord, we pray that you would anoint this word, Lord, that we would go from this place knowing that we've been in your presence and we'll be careful to give you the glory for all you do. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. We just want to invite you to the scripture. Uh we're going to read out of the book of uh First Kings, the 17th chapter or the the 16th chapter. And we'll start in the 33rd verse. in the 16th chapter and the 33rd verse and um we'll read the 33rd and the 3 uh fourth verse. We'll give you just a moment uh to get to there. Can you turn that? Amen. Just a moment. Can you Thank you, buddy. Amen. When you get there, just say amen. How many loves the word? Amen. And we just certainly enjoy the singing and my it it's just a I think that young lady wrote that song she was singing this morning and my isn't that a wonderful gift. Amen. How many appreciates that this morning and Amen. God bless you. Just appreciate all the gifts that God brings our way. Amen. But we want to take uh this scripture uh first Kings the 16th chapter. if you'll help me speak something that the Lord has put on my heart and uh kind of build from where we were a couple Sundays ago. But um just kind of go this direction. First Kings 16 in the 33rd verse it says, "And Ahab made a grove and Ahab did more to provoke the Lord God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were before him. And in his days did Hile the Bethlite build Jericho. He laid the foundation thereof, and Abram his firstborn, and set up the gates thereof, and his youngest son, Seag, according to the word of the Lord, which he spake by Joshua, the son of Nun. I also want to read out of Matthew out of the uh seventh chapter, and we'll read in the 24th verse. Matthew 7 and 24. Jesus says, "Therefore, whosoever heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a rock." And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and he beat upon that house, and it fell not, for it was founded upon a rock. And everyone that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand. and the rain descended and the floods came and the winds blew and he beat upon the house and it fell and great was the fall of it. We'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word this morning as you take your seats. I would like to speak on uh this subject this morning on a sure rock of salvation. A sure rock of salvation. I was reading out of this book of Kings and uh you know over the past couple of weeks I've been reading uh from these chapters and of course we read here at the end of the chapter 16 uh this had this had came this little portion of the Bible had came uh after it was it was writing all the way from the the 15th chapter into the 16th chapter. The Bible is telling us the story. Of course, if you read the book of Kings, it was written by the prophet Jeremiah, and he's writing about all of the kings that reigned over Israel during this this uh uh time period. I think it was around uh 400 or so years in the time that Jeremiah wrote First Kings and Second Kings. And uh and he writes of the Kings and really the context of the entire book of Kings is uh the kings that were coming into office and whether or not they served the Lord or not. And it was uh it showed how that they managed their kingdom and then how that God always had a prophet that was on the scene that would go to the kings and was trying to keep the kings in order. So there was there was great conflict through the whole two books of of the kings being uh coming and going and descending and uh and ascending unto the throne and God trying to keep them in order. But you'll notice as you get into the 16th chapter that here uh uh from 15 on that that from the sins that Jeroboam had bought or had committed uh that the Bible every time it would talk about another king it would say and he uh followed after the sins of Jeroboam and it didn't matter uh it just seems like everyone especially in this chapter there wasn't a single king that was a good king. So during this whole uh uh time period they were wicked kings and they followed after Jeroboam. You know how how that Jeroboam had when he had came into office and he had uh taken the kingdom of Israel and had brought in idols and put uh put these great uh images up on all the high places where all the temples used to be and uh and and Jeroboam the greatest uh evil thing that he done is Jeroboam actually called people to ministry. He would put he established all these young men and anybody that could hold a microphone Jeroboam would put them in office. He just wanted somebody to sit in the priest house that would be able to uh to be able to to say that he had a lot of them and had a lot of houses of worship and all these places and uh but they were out of the Levitical lineage. So they weren't worthy to be in that office. But Jerobo put him in that office because he was trying to build a great kingdom. But because of this, the Bible would pro or the the prophet would come and he would prophesy against him that great would be his fall and that and that his that his family would be ate by dogs and the foul of the air and all these things that would come upon his life. And so we realize that a as you would read through the the kings that follow Jeroboam, it was constantly failure, failure, failure. from the king of Naab to Basha to Eli to Zimry to Omry, which is the father of of Ahab. Uh, every king that you would read in the 16th chapter, the Bible would say, "And they did worse than all the kings that were before them." Then the next king, and they did worse than all the kings that were before him, all the way down to when you read about Ahab, that that Ahab he done worse. And the Bible said he did more to provoke the Lord than any other other king that had ever uh uh served over Israel. So he was certainly a a wicked king, this King Ahab. But then at the end of all of this writing of the kings and their doings, there's one verse of scripture that speaks of a builder in the days of Ahab. Right in the end of it, it says, "But hyle uh uh the builder, he built the city of Jericho." Now uh you can you can uh uh think of this from uh from what little is written. It's the only verse of scripture in the Bible that talks about this man. But uh from that verse, you can realize that he was certainly a great builder. No builder has the uh ability or the request to build a city if he wasn't a builder. He wasn't uh he wasn't just building a building. He had built a city. And this wasn't just any city. Uh it was a great city. It was something uh uh uh something of a great feed. And when you read about this man Hyle, of course, the Bible would tell us he was a Bethlite. He was born in Bethl. He was the of course Bethl means the house of God. And so here this man had been raised up in this place. and he grew and no doubt uh as he grew he would he would learn the skill and and the training to be able to build and he was he married and he had children and he raised a family. You can get all this out of that one verse and u but there's no record of all the things that he ever built outside that he built the city of Jericho. So he he certainly was a builder. He built the city and uh you know but as I I would uh read about this man hyle uh and you know and some of the uh some of the historians would suggest that maybe that he built it because he found a land that was over the great plains that overlooked the river of Jordan and and uh and maybe he saw that and he wanted to build something for his wife. And you know there's all kinds of uh historical reasons why people would say that Hy would go build this city of Jericho but the Bible doesn't really uh tell us the purpose of why he built it. Uh uh but but when I read about this, you know, brother Mark, I I I kind of read into things and you know that uh you realize that at the time of his building and where it was written about his building, we know this that it was during the reign of Ahab and you know the the life of Ahab, Ahab was the king over the northern kingdom of Israel. How many knows that that that Israel was a divided kingdom? And so uh from the time of King Solomon when Solomon died and the and Rayaboam had became the king over Israel uh all of the the the the people in the north had came against they had rebelled against Rayoboam. And so it it divided the kingdom of Israel. And so we find that that in this kingdom here was the northern kingdom which was called which was Israel and the the southern kingdom which was Judah. Uh that they both had different kings. And so here in this kingdom of Israel, which is where Jericho was, it was a part of the northern kingdom. And uh and right on the border of Judah and upon uh uh uh the northern kingdom, right over to the eastern side, right where the where the Jordan River came down and it met the Dead Sea. This is where the city of Jericho was. Remember, according to the Bible, when Joshua come over the River Jordan, there set the city. And so so it was sitting right on the corner of this region, right by the uh right by the Jordan River. And you know, as I as I read about this, I thought, you know, as a as a strategist, that would be a great place for a military outpost. It would be a great place to a defensive stronghold. And so, as we read about the Bible, about this uh this builder, uh we we see that the Bible is actually listing kings and the things that kings built. It says, "This king built in the city of Tisbah, and this king built in the city of Samaria. He actually built the city of Samaria and made it his his stronghold." But then when it comes down to Ahab, the Bible says, "And Ahab built groves and then Bile built the city of Jericho." And so as I read this, you know, I thought that that maybe that that B didn't just go build this because he thought it was a nice place to build, but maybe it was something that would been ordered by King Ahab, that this would be a place that would prevent Judah from attacking. There was constantly in battle for this whole time of his reign. There was a war that went on between Judah and the northern kingdom. But but you know I thought but here maybe he was hired as a builder to rebuild this city and maybe he was hired to make this stronghold in this place. But nevertheless of the purpose of his building the construction of it came at a great price. For the Bible said in his days did Hy the Bethlite build Jericho and he laid the foundation thereof in Abram his firstborn. See so what we can gather from this is it matters what you build on here. here this this or hy he's going to build this great city brother Maher but but but it came at a great cost and let me tell you what the Bible says Jesus said that a foolish man builds his house upon a sand and a wise man builds his house upon the rock that's a that's a scriptural principle and let me let me tell you what I found out that everything that you do in this life uses that same principle how many knows that it don't matter what you build in this life it it uses that same principle you you know you could take a person that that they're going to get healthy and they go work out and they uh but before you can go bodybuilding, they tell you, "Well, you have to build a core first." Maybe you're going to play sports and before you can play sports, you build up cardio and you run because you had to have a foundation. Otherwise, you would never even be able to play the sport. If you was going to build a business, you would you would have to have a customer base that would be able to support the business before you could expand out. If you're going to build a house, that house has to have a foundation under it. So that as you're building upon it, it doesn't matter all the greatness of everything you build, everything that could be done right. But if the foundation isn't right, the house will never stand. So, uh, it doesn't matter what we build in this life, it has to have a right foundation. You can take a a husband and a wife and a marriage and there and and it has to be able to be built on something, right? It can't be built on on finances. It can't be built on houses. It can't be built on money. It can't be built on material things. But even a marriage, it has to be built on something that'll survive the tests and the trials and the and the financial hardships. It has to be built on on a real love between a man and a woman and God being in their marriage. So, so we realize that every part of our life, it has to be built on something. How many knows that we are we are triune beings? Brother say we are body, soul and spirit. We are we are not just flesh. We are made up we are a spiritual being. We go through many things in this flesh. We battle things. We And the reason there's such a great struggle is we're not just dealing with the things of the flesh. The battles that you go through are not just trials of the flesh. They're not just they're not just battles and mind battles, but we're fighting a battle on a spiritual level. Somebody say, "Amen." Every day when you get out of bed, you're fighting a spiritual battle. When you go to the store, you're fighting a spiritual battle. When you get in your car and drive down the road, we're constantly fighting a spiritual battle. You're battling things that you cannot see. And it just seems like everywhere you go, you're combating spirits. That's why the Bible would say that there has to be something in us that can fight back on a spiritual level. So, you can't fight spiritual things with natural things there. It ain't the natural ability will never give you the ability to overcome spiritual things. That's why when Paul would write in Romans 8, he said, "But the spirit of him that raised Jesus from the dead, if it dwells in you, he that raised up Christ shall also quicken your mortal body by his spirit that dwelleth in you." So in other words, the life that you have came by the spirit of God. The only way you'll ever overcome in this life, it'll come by the spirit of God. How many members we had gone through this word quicken and it meant it meant to come from the Greek word zoapel which meant the life of God being infused in the believer. Remember we went through that the other day how that it meant to be to to fill up and to soak in and and the spirit of God to be able to flow through you. That's what God is looking for is a a a being that's a triune being to take on the spirit of God and the life of God in the in that believer to be able to overcome in this life. That's the spirit that that the life that is in you. That's what'll get you through this life. But listen, but but but it takes the spirit is certainly the life in you, but it takes the word of God to keep that channel clear that God can continue to flow through you. So, I think a lot of times where people get into trouble, I'm just going to pastor a little bit this morning, but a lot of times why people get into trouble is because they neglect that part of fulfilling or taking the word and keeping that channel, being able to clear it out. That's why Jesus would say these words. He said, "He that heareth these words that I speak and doeth them shall be like a wise man that built his house upon a rock." So here Jesus establishes to us that it's important for us to hear the word of the Lord and it's important for us to do the very word that we hear. So I know that today that many times that people they get to a place so spiritually that they say well we don't have no need of the Bible anymore. We don't have no need, you know, but after all look at where I've gone spiritually and I I've been filled with the spirit of God and God has brought me thus far and you know I see it all around the world today. Well, we don't have no need for that. We don't have no need for for for oldfashioned prayer meets and sitting down and opening a Bible up on a coffee table and reading the Bible. Why do we need that more? You matter of fact, I've got in trouble for it at this church. I've had some of our critics that had made some statements kind of like that and and I certainly appreciate our critics, but uh but maybe uh you know, one would say, well, you know, he preaches too much out of the Bible. I thought, my I didn't know you could do that or or you put too much emphasis on the Bible. But let me tell you what a prophet said. He said, "There has been more persecution over this book than any other book in the world." He said, "But yet, it is still the greatest book that was ever written. There ain't nothing that outshines it. There's nothing that outclasses it. There's no book that's any greater. There's nothing you can read. Every question that you ever have in this life, the answer of it is laying between these books and the 66 books of the Bible lays the answers to life's question." Friends, I know what they say. Well, after all, I've received the spirit of God. So why do I need that Bible? After all, I've received the life of God in me. So why do I need that Bible? You know what? That's oldfashioned. And we don't need that kind of stuff anymore because I've been filled with the Holy Ghost. And what we found today is there's too many people that are so-called filled with the spirit of God. But they live a life without the Bible. They preach a gospel without the Bible. That's why they stand in pulpit and their sermons aren't anointed and their messages are uninspired because they don't read their Bible. I say if a man is called of God, he'll take the word of the Lord and present it to a people of God and the inspiration that wrote it will reveal it to the hearts of believers and it'll bring a revival in the household of every man and woman. Oh, I know what Oh, I can hear it right now. I know what the devil says. Well, you know, he can quote the scripture. Well, the letter killth, brother Matt, but it's the spirit that gives life. Well, let me tell you, friends, what is the spirit giving life to? The spirit gives life to the word of God. So you had to have the word for the spirit to give life. It don't mean to do away with our Bible. For the spirit gives life to the word. You say, "Well, why do we need it?" Can I tell you what a prophet said? He said in the message thirst in 1965, he said, "When you neglect thirst, you die." He said, "If you neglect thirst, if you neglect to take a drink of water, then you ain't going to drink no more. Then you die. If you neglect to eat food, then you're going to die." He said, "So if you neglect to give the Holy Spirit, the word of God, then you will die. It don't matter where you came from. If you was a Christian or you was a Baptist or you was a Methodist or a Pentecostal or a Presbyterian, it don't matter where you come from. He said, "I don't care. It don't matter nothing to me and I don't think it matters to God." He said, "But you are an individual and you'll never go to heaven as a church or denomination. You'll only go to heaven as one single person between you and God. It don't care what church you belong to. And if you neglect to read the Bible and to believe the Bible, then the hol and the Holy Spirit to feed upon that, you will die. That's why Jesus said that man should not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. Well, friends, did you ever think about that this morning? That in every believer, there is a hungry and a thirsty Holy Ghost. You say, "I've been filled with the spirit of God." But that spirit of God that is in you is hungering for the word of God. It's thirsty for the word of God. Oh, hallelujah. The how the Holy Ghost, it desires to be fed. The Holy Ghost, it feeds. Let me tell you, say what's it feed on? It feeds upon the word of God. It's looking to be fed. I tell you what they've done today. They took the Bible out of schools and they took the Bible out of governments and they took the Bible out of churches and replaced it with creeds that a man could follow. But friends, I say this this morning. As long as there's a breath in my body and this church stand that this Bible will always be at the forefront of this church. It's the word that God has given unto the believer. It'll be in this church. It'll be on this pullpit. It'll be preached to these people. It'll be in the heart of every believer. It'll be in the home of every son and daughter of God. If you neglect to feed the Holy Ghost, the word, it will die. You will die. I don't matter how much of the spirit of God you got. If you neglect to feed at the word of God, you will die. Paul said, "All scriptures." Somebody say, "All scriptures." Man, I feel like preaching. Y'all do, too. All scriptures was inspired by God and is good for doctrine. You see why we need the word of God. It's what brings inspiration to our life. Say, "Why don't why don't the devil like it?" Let me tell you why. Because it exposes the devil. You know why he don't like this Bible preaching? It exposes him. He don't like to be exposed. But friends, I got news for you. It's got to be preached. That's why God sent the message in this generation. People get it so mixed up. He sent it to bring this Bible back to life. That's what the spirit of God does. It gives life to the word of God. Oh, he brought it that that's what the message done in this hour, brother Mark. It brought the promises of God and made them a reality right before the people again. It took Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And it took it and lifted it out of the pages of this book and put it on display before a world. It took John 3:16, for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. And it lifted it out of the pages of the Bible that it would follow Psalms 23 around and follow goodness and mercy into every life and call a people back to God again. It's lifted it. It's a call for sinners. It's a call of God and listed it out of the pages of the Bible to be able to do God's work in this hour. It took John the 10th chapter when Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice and a stranger they they will not follow." It took it and caused the call of God, the shepherd of God to be able to call the sheep of God into his pasture. No longer is it just a bleeding of sheep in the middle of the night, but there's a voice of God called shepherds that's crying out in the night, "Come into the fold." That Christ has the answer. that there's danger that's lurking in the darkness the enemy that wants to destroy you. But I thank God that we've came far enough along to have enough vision to see in the middle of the night and know that God is calling us out of this world into his marvelous light. We need the word of God. Abraham said, "How can we stress this so much? The way the church is going, they let down the morals of the people. They let them live, go to dancers, rock and roll, dress any way they want to, everything, and still go on the same. It's compromising preachers. See, but what we need is Oh, somebody say amen. But what we need is old-fashioned God- sentin, heavenborn preachers who will tell the truth regardless of who it hurts. Like John when he walked out of the wilderness, he said the axe was laid to the root of the tree. That's why the Bible would say any tree that wouldn't bring forth good fruit is heuned down and it's cast into the fire. That's right. He said, "We need preachers, prophets like that, who will bombard and use the judgments of God for ammunition and tear up in this wicked condition that we're living in, to have ammunition to destroy the devil." Oh, friends, I got news for you this morning. God's armory is filled with ammo, to destroy every devil. It don't matter what spirit that you're fighting. We may as well not hold nothing back this morning. It don't matter what spirit you fight. It don't matter what you face. The reality is we can come to church and make everybody feel good. But whenever you go home, you're battling spirits. When you leave the building there, it's war with your mind. You can't pick up your phone. That there ain't a spirit that's trying to torment you. But God's armory is filled with weapons to destroy that very enemy. You say, "What's it do?" Let me tell you what the word does. It don't matter what spirit that you're battling. The word of God exposes it and it destroys it. No wonder the devil hates you. It exposes it and destroys it. You say any spirit, any spirit. It doesn't matter what it is that you face. If you was battling a spirit of lust, you say, "What'll I do?" Well, read Matthew 5:28 and expose it. Jesus said, "I say unto you, whosoever lookketh upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery already in his heart. It exposes it and then it destroys it." Maybe it's jealousy. Maybe it's envy. Maybe it's alcoholism. It don't matter what it is. You can read Galatians 5:19. Paul said, "These are the works of the flesh." That's adultery and fornication, uncleanness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, emulations, trap, heresies, envyings, murders, drunkenness, revelings, and such alike. Of these, I tell you, I have told you in times past that they that do these things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. It exposes it. Oh, then it destroys it. It don't matter what the spirit is. Maybe it's a critical spirit that gets on people. They they can't help but criticize everything around them and everybody around them and God help somebody try to do something for the Lord, but an old critical spirit will rise up and try to squash it back down. But let me tell you what you do. You read Ephesians 4:29. Paul said, "Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good and use of edifying that it may minister grace unto the hearers." You say, "Why did he say that?" Because Paul said that critical spirit grieves the Holy Spirit of God. Right? They're afraid to say it, afraid to read it, afraid to preach it, afraid to offend somebody. Can I go ahead and read it? Paul said, "But now put off these things, anger, wrath, and malice, and blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth. Don't lie one to another, seeing that you have put off the old man with his deeds, and you put on a new man and been renewed in the knowledge of the image of the one that created him." He didn't just say, "Put off the old man. put off. A lot of people will put off the old man and carry on like the old man. But Paul said, "Put off the old man with his deeds. The deeds of the flesh, the works of the flesh. Put off the old man with his deeds." But said, "You can't ever get rid of sin by patting it on the back. You can't read it by educating people. Programs have become demolished. They fail." There's only one remedy for sin, and that is Christ. That is Christ. He is the remedy. and Christ and not Christ through an intellectual confession but through the baptism of the Holy Ghost to a new life and a regeneration. He said that's the only remedy for sin. That's the only remedy for a nation. That's the only remedy for a church and it's the only remedy for people. It's Christ by the power of the Holy Ghost that would come in and make you a new man that would take the old man and the deeds of the flesh and cast them aside and stomp him underfoot and allow the life of God to live through every believer. Christ through the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the spirit of God alive in his people again. Friends, let me tell you what we need. We need the word of the Lord. People are looking for everybody to shape their life. And let me tell you, the only thing that'll ever get it right is the word of the Lord. The only thing that'll ever shape it up is the word. We need the word. That's what shaped us. And Paul tells us, he says, "Don't refuse the voice that God sends to you." What a powerful word. See, Paul came after Jesus was upon the earth. And so here here Paul's ministry came after this. And so Paul would talk about how the ministry of Jesus while he was on the earth and now what God was doing under the under this office of the Holy Ghost. He said refuse not him that speaketh. He said for they that refused him when he spoke on the earth they did not escape. He said how much more shall we not escape when he speaks from heaven. He said see when he the voice it shook the earth. He said but then he said but once more I will shake not the earth only but also the heaven. And Paul, what was it that was shaken the earth? Paul says, "And this word yet once more signifies removing things that are shaken as of things that are made. And those things which cannot be shaken may remain. Wherefore we receive in a kingdom which cannot be moved. Let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and with godly fear." So in other words, we have a voice that is speaking from heaven. Paul says, "Hear it. It's the voice." Think of it. It's a voice of the father. It's a voice of correction. It's a voice of instruction. It's a voice of love and a voice of the promise of God. And Paul said, "And this voice is doing two things." One, the word comes to shake things from you. Hello, somebody. It comes to shake. How many can testify of that? The word comes to shake things from you. So, you get a little hard preaching sometimes. What's it doing? It's shaking things from you. It ruffles your feathers a little bit. And sometimes you got to get your feathers ruffled. You can get rid of all the dust and all the things that's built up in them. It's okay to ruffle your feathers. Hello. God bless you for ruffling my feathers a little bit. It don't hurt nobody have their feathers ruffled. It does two things. It shakes things from you. And then the second thing is it establishes the things which cannot be moved. It shakes the things that don't belong. And then it establishes those things that can't be moved. This is what Paul's saying. of God. Don't don't fear the voice of God that come under the anointing of the Holy Ghost that wrote the very pages that even Paul would write. He said, "It's coming to shake things up. It's coming to to shake you and to establish you." Listen what David said. He has he said, "I have set the Lord always before me because he is my at my right hand and I shall not be moved." See, David had something that kept him. He was a man that went through many great trials. You know the life of David? He was a Remember when he was just a young boy, David fought a lion. He had to have something that would get him through that battle. David when he when he went out and the bear came against the sheep, he had to have something that would get him through that battle. He when he then whenever he fought Goliath, he had to have something that would get him through that battle. Let me let me tell you what it was. He said, "I always kept the Lord before me, and because I kept the Lord before me, I shall not be moved." Now, what a what a what a an answer that David gives us. So, you know what that tells me is that when he went out into the field and the and the bear came that David wasn't we're blind on his own flesh. Well, what can I find that can that can defeat a bear? Is there something in my arsenal that I can beat a bear with? But it had nothing to do with that. But David's mind was I keep the Lord before me. Lord, you brought me into this place. You called me to be a shepherd. You placed me into this field. And Lord, you've called me over this sheep. They're the other household of my father. And Lord, I'm down here. I'm doing my job to the best of my ability. And now this crazy bear is coming out against your sheep. But Lord, I put you before me. I don't have the ability to take him. I don't have the ability to fight him. I don't have the ability to destroy. But Lord, I put you before me that my enemy may fall at my feet. David said, "I've always kept the Lord before my face. Therefore, I shall not be moved." That's how he was able to stand whenever he went into battle, Brother Bobby. Because he put the Lord before him. When he had a trial, he put the Lord before him. when he had a problem, he put the Lord before him. Let me tell you, even in the midst of David's failures, he would put the Lord before him. That's what always brought him out. David wasn't a perfect man. He was a man that had great faults just like you and I. He was a man that made mistakes. He He made failures just like you and I. He was not a perfect man. But I can say this just like David this morning that I may fight. I may struggle. I may battle. said, "I put the Lord before me and I shall not be moved." I wonder how many can say that this morning. I put the Lord before me. Somebody say it with me. I put the Lord before me and I shall not be moved. This was the heart of David. To be able to understand what he would face, I put the Lord before me. But said, "We know that in the day that we're living, the very foundation of every natural thing is failing." The foundation is failing. He said, "But we have a sure rock of salvation." The very foundation that's failing, but we have a sure. Thank you, brother. But we have a sure rock of salvation. You say, "Well, what is that rock of salvation?" He said, "That we've been redeemed by the precious blood of the Lord Jesus Christ." Thank you. That we've been redeemed by the precious blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. So you see, our redemption has become our sure rock of salvation. You say, "Well, why? Why is it a sure rock?" Let me tell you this. Because salvation would never do it on its own. Can I just break this down a little bit? But Mark says, "Bring it on down." But salvation would never do it on its own. See, you can take a man. Let's say a man is out in the river and he's drowning in the river. And you went out in a boat and you saved the man that was drowning. You took him out of the water. You put him in a boat. You took him back to shore. You done the very thing that was necessary to save him. But whenever he got out of the water, he still had the same problems he had. He still had the same past. The debts that he owed when he went into the water, he still owed the debts when he got out of the water. See, so everything that he had before is still there. So salvation wasn't enough just to say that you're saved or or there comes salvation. But the reason the salvation of Jesus Christ has become a sure rock is the way that God saves. He saves us by redemption. It's a very particular way to save. Let me tell you what this means. In other words, it means the price has been paid. It means that all your past sins and the debts that you owe because of this flesh was paid for on the cross of Calvary. So, not only was I just saved, but my debts was paid. Not only did he save me, but my past has been erased. Not only did he save me, but he took all the sins and the problems and the things of my flesh and he put them under the blood of Jesus Christ that they can never be brought up again. And because of that kind of a salvation by redemption, a sure rock of salvation, brother Mark, now you can have something that you can build a life on. See all the the failures and the flaws and the the miss the mess ups. It was all erased. Now you can build on it. You see why? Because our flaws, our mistakes, all of our unbelief, our our old birth, all these things in our past, it's all been erased. And now because it's been erased, here comes this new foundation for you to start as a believer and build a brand new life. You see why it's so important to to find this place of redemption and and be filled with the Holy Ghost and to feed upon the word of God. What is it doing? It's establishing a foundation that you can build a life on that when you get down through life 40, 50 years later and you go through great trials and people wander this way and fall this way and that way. But there's something about you, there's a stability about your life because it was built upon a right foundation. And many people fail to find that foundation. And they build they boy help me. But they they build uh because they're married to somebody or they build because they because they're kin to the preacher. They they build they build because they like going to church. And so they try to build a life on those things or just fellowship and all that. And all those things are wonderful things, but that can't be what you build your life on. You have to ruffle your feathers. Get down to the bel the the very building and rebuilding of this this foundation. See, and as you're building on this foundation, you notice what happens. Can I just Can I just preach? You know what happens is that people come along and it's just the devil. But people come along and say, "Well, I know what's underneath all of that. I can tell you what's under that building there. I know what he he used to do, and I know how she used to act, and I know I know what she she was, and underneath all that long hair, and underneath all that all that holiness apparel, it ain't nothing but a sinner. They ain't nothing but a con man. That ain't nothing but a failure. They they they they write all kinds of things about you, but let me tell you a secret about a foundation. You can't see what's under that building. You don't know what's under there. They can look at this building and say, "Well, I know what all that was. I know what her life's been built on. I know about all that. I know about all that. I know what her life's been built on." But you can't see what her life's built on. You can't see the foundation of that building. You may go back and say, "Well, I think it was this and I think it was that and I saw her do this and I I saw him do that." But friends, but hid beneath all of that is a foundation that is established upon a solid rock. It's established upon the redemption of Jesus Christ. Where where the problem, don't you see? It's hid beneath the building. But by redemption, it shows us that you belong to God before the foundation of the world. And now you've been redeemed back to God. That means if he paid the price, he accepted you as you are. Hello, somebody. That means God knew your faults. He knew your flaws whenever he made the purchase. You were damaged goods. Whenever he paid the price and said it is finished on the cross of Calvary, but the Bible said it pleased the father to sacrifice his own son for what? That the pleasure of the Lord might prosper in his hand. You know what that tells me? That God, he knew our value when he bought us. Hello, somebody. Let that sink in. He knew our value when he paid the price. He knew all about us. And the Bible said it pleased him to do so. In other words, he was happy to pay the price. Ain't that wonderful? God don't purchase like we purchased. Sometimes when we buy things, we get buyer remorse. You ever go buy something big? Well, man, I wish I wouldn't have done that. Put it on a put it on a payment plan, whatever. But but boy, I wish I wouldn't have done that. My that was just too much money, man. I didn't need that anyway. You know, I don't like that dress anyway. I don't know why. I don't know why. How many Come on. Hello, somebody. I don't know why I bought that dress. I shouldn't have bought that. Y'all y'all know y'all tell your husband that I shouldn't have bought that. Do you think? And then the husband, if he's got any sins, he says, "Be that's a beautiful dress. Oh, oh, that's just I'm glad you bought it. That's just beautiful." Are you sure? Absolutely. It is wonderful. You be honest and tell her it's wonderful. Be truthful and tell her how great it looks. But but I we always get buyers remorse. I wish I wouldn't have done that. I wish I wouldn't have bought it. I wish I wouldn't have made this purchase. That's not what I thought it was going to be. You know, after I bought it, the reviews look good on Amazon, but when it when it came in, you know, that's the problem with buying things on Teeu is, you know, it looked good on there, but when I got it in, you know, it said solid gold, but really it was made out of brass. It was it was it was painted with gold spray paint. My I heard I heard there was a great I heard there was a great earthquake that that hit over there in China and it destroyed a like I think it was a 50,000 square foot new warehouse the other day. It destroyed it. It's done $88 in damage, but it's not what we thought it was. Sorry. Sometimes you buy things and it's you didn't you didn't get what you think thought you were buying. So, you remorse over the purchase that you made. But see, God don't ever have that feeling. Isn't that wonderful, brother David? He don't ever have that thought. says, "See, because God is an eternal God, and God sees the end from the beginning. He knows your life and where it would turn out. He knew every mistake you'd make. He knew every road you'd ever go down, every path, every gutter, every alleyway that you would ever be found in. God knew it whenever he paid the price." And when he paid it for you, he has no regrets. He said, "It is finished." He don't regret the purchase that he made. Isn't that just like our nature? our nature. Do I got a minute? Am I running out of time? It's just like our nature is to try to make ourselves worth something. That's what we do when we buy stuff. We try to justify why we bought it. Well, this is why this we try to make ourselves feel better about the purchase by justifying it. But that's our nature is that we would try to justify the purchase that God has made by things that we've done in our life. Isn't that something? But we're going to justify God. How how can you justify God? It is his purchased possession. How can you justify God's purchase? So, we're always trying to make it better. If I could do this better and do this, right? Can I read you what Brother Man said? He said they would come to say, "Brother Madam, if I could just quit smoking, if I could just lay down drinking, if I could just quit stealing, if I could just quit doing this, then he said, "Don't worry. Just walk on. God will take care of the rest of it." Trying to justify the purchase that God made. But if I could quit, if I could quit lying, then I could be a son of God. If I could quit cheating, I I could be a daughter of God. If I could quit these things, he said, "If I know I could do it, I'd accept Christ right now." He said, "Don't you worry. Just move on. Go on, and you'll see the salvation of the Lord. It ain't you that made the price or paid the price. It was God that made the purchase. It ain't you that made it worthy. It was God that made it worthy. It It was he that bought it. He bought you as you are. Let me friend, let me tell you this, friends. If God bought you as you are, it's up to him to change you. It was he that bought you. It's up to him to change you. It's up to him to shape you. It ain't nothing you can shape yourself. It takes God to shape you. Take things off your life. Shake those things that don't belong and establish you in the word of God. He said, "What do you do? You just keep accepting Christ and let him do the work." Hello, somebody. You just keep accepting Christ. That make not I just had to clap clap myself. You just keep accepting Christ and let God take care of the rest of it. You keep accepting him. Let him do the work. Let me tell you why. Because our God has a reputation. But David, he'll go anywhere he has to go. Isn't that wonderful? There ain't nothing can stop him from getting to those that belong to him. All through the Bible, we read about these great places, these places that Jesus had gone, that God had gone. Brother Mark, he crossed over many seas. He's gone to the lowest parts of the earth. He even went all the way to hell to find souls that were locked up in a prison. It was it is God's purpose that no matter where you are, he's willing to go that far to get you. Isn't that powerful? See, we can put limitations on God by looking at somebody's life and saying, "Well, God ain't never going to get that one." But God will go wherever he has to go to get those that belong to him. Can I just say it? Can I can I just say he ain't afraid of the bar. He ain't afraid he ain't afraid of the drug house. He He ain't afraid of the valley. He ain't afraid of the alleyway. God ain't afraid to go where God has to go to get those that belong to him. Said he'll cross whatever he has to cross. See this because he's calling unto himself a bride. You realize that's what we are this morning. This bride church, she's been called called by God. He's calling a bride unto himself. And let me tell you what I love about the call of God in the bride of Jesus Christ. If the Bible never puts a stipulation anywhere on the condition of that call, in other words, or the condition of the person when the call was made. It don't matter who they were or where they were. The same call is for all of them. It don't matter if they're man, woman, or child. It don't matter what country they're in, what color their skin is, what nationality, who they were born to, what their flaws or mistakes were, the call of God, it goes to everyone, every time. And it always gets who God. It didn't matter where they were, what sin that she was in, what past she was in, how much she come out of, but when you're called out, you come to God. Isn't that powerful? He went to a different place to get every one of us. It's so easy. look at each other's lives say, "Well, I'm not so sure about that one." But God had to go there to get them. Well, I'm not so sure about Well, you know what? That person, but but God had to go to a different place to get them than he did to get you. But he's the same God. And it's the same call. May a different condition you was in than they were. But they ain't one no worse than the other. But it took the same God to go in, make the same call to call us out to God. Didn't matter what we were in, she's been called out to God. Think about it. All the past mistakes, failures, their said that's the way it is in this gentile church. He said there is a bride. She is elected and she will be called according to election. We belong to God. There is a bride. Can I confirm this? What a confirmation. There is a bride. She is elected and she will be called according to the election of God. That means you can go through this life and run as long as you want to. But there comes a time in your life when you belong to God that the calling of God will come upon your life. Oh, hallelujah. It'll put a It'll put a pull on you that you can't fight. It'll draw you into a position you never dreamed you'd be in. It'll make you somebody that you never thought you would be. It's the pull of God on your life. Let me tell you, it's trauma. It ain't you holding on to God, saying, "God, would you pull me out?" It's the great big hand of Jehovah God taking a hold of his beloved and bringing them out of the condition that they were in and establishing them upon a firm foundation. [Applause] You know, one day the Bible would tell us in the city of Jericho that they heard that Joshua was on his way. Now Joshua being a great man of God here, this city of Jericho, as the history would tell us, was a great walled city. And in that city, there lived a lady by the name of Rahab that was, can I just can I just say this like I see it? that was predestinated of God, but she was living as a harlot. She was a daughter of God, but she was living as a harlot. She was a gentile that was to be the wife of a Hebrew prince, but she was living as a harlot. She was the mother of Boaz that would be the husband of Ruth, but she was living as a harlot. From her lineage would come the man Joseph who would marry who would be be espoused to Mary that would raise Jesus all the days of his life until he became an old man. But she was living as a harlot. She was trapped in this city. What a condition that she was in. Brother Mar how that she had made so many mistakes in this this house of uh prostitution. But in all of this that there was this condition she was in she couldn't get out of. She maybe it was something that happened as a young girl that had got her into this place. There was nowhere else to go. There was nothing that she could do to feed her family and take care of her family. There was walls on every side of her that she couldn't escape. There was no other city that she could go live in. She couldn't do nothing else with her life. Her life was a wreck. She had no way out. But God saw her in that very condition in the middle of this city of Jericho. How she must have felt so walled in and had no way of escape. She was trapped in that condition and had no way out. No way. Her life, her foreseeable future, her life, it it would never leave that condition. I imagine as she sit and talked many times about how her life would always be this way. What am I going to do when I get old? Who's going to feed me? Who's going to take care of me? What a wreck that her life was in trapped in this walled city. But let me tell you what God did. He saw her in that condition. And can I just say it like I seen it? And he sent an army to bring her out. He didn't send one man. He didn't send two spies. God sent an army. The very army, the entire army of God that was upon the face of the earth, he sent to her doorstep to bring her out of that condition. She was trapped in Jericho. Hello, somebody. She had no way out. She had no way to get out of that lie. She was a a slave to her lifestyle. She was under the shadow of a great wall her whole life. She had been used up by the devil. She had been accused by every accuser. She had been abused by every man. I wonder how many nights that she laid there praying and begging God, "Oh, I don't belong here, but I got nowhere else to go. If there's a God somewhere that could bring me out, is there a God somewhere that can lift me out of this condition?" But then one day, she heard about the God of Israel. He was a miracle working God. He had the ability to part waters of the Red Sea. He had the ability to bring his children out of bondage when they were in Egypt. She said, "Oh God, I am such a daughter. I am such a child that's in a place of bondage, and I need thee, oh God." And so much when the spies came to her house, she said, "We've heard of your God. We've heard the men are fear of your God. They are afraid of your God." She said, "But would you ask the Lord? Not just your God, not just their God, but the Lord. She She wanted to be identified with God. Ask the Lord for a way to save me. Don't you realize that God was on his way to her, she didn't know it. She was sitting there in that condition. My I could just see her what a mess that she was in. But the whole time she was praying, the whole time she was feeling about this, she was predestinated to God. She belonged to God. Ain't that right? That God wouldn't guide her. She didn't. And the whole time she was in that condition, all the struggles, all the trials, all the them sleepless nights, all the the the the filthy work that she was in, but the whole time that God was on his way to her. My isn't that powerful? Just depends on how you want to read the Bible. They went through they they they fought through battles to get through her. They crossed Red Seas to get through her. They crossed wildernesses to get through her. They they went through many battles in the wilderness. They fought many men just to get to the door of the house of Rahab. God had one that was coming that would avenge her. Her life, it was Joshua who was a type of the Holy Ghost. Look who God sends. And when he comes to her life, he's going to take everything that had ever held her back and he's going to destroy it out of her life. Everything, all of her past, he was coming to destroy it. My isn't that something? Joshua didn't even know what he was going to do. He thought he would just follow the commission of the Lord. But God had a God had him on a mission. Everything in her life he was going to destroy. See, you know what it means to avenge? It means to write a wrong by punishing the wrongdoer on behalf of the innocent. She didn't have the ability to destroy her past, but Joshua did. Here's a type of the Holy Ghost. So here when he would come to this place as as one that would have the ability to avenge her of the wrongs that had been done in her life, you know, when you read in the book of of numbers the 35th chapter, you can read about about the the revengers of the blood or the avengers of the blood. And and the the Bible uses that word gow g a l gow. And but when you read this word, it's a Hebrew word. It means to redeem or to avenge or to deliver. So when you read about in numbers 35, it talks about the avenger that would come. But when you read in the book of Ruth, I thought this is powerful about this word because when you read the book of Ruth, that same word gow is written in the book of Ruth. But when we read it in the English language, it has a different translation. It don't say avenge or revenge. But when you read it in Ruth, seven times it's written there and it's written as the word redeem. So the same word that was to avenge or to revenge is the same word that's used in the book of Ruth that means redeem. So, so, so it would mean this. It was an act as a kinsman to do the part of the next of kin. And another meaning would be the payment by pay to redeem by payment of value assessed. Isn't that powerful? By payment of the assessed value. In other words, the full value of what it is, the full payment would be made. That's what it means to redeem of consecrated things. Listen to the best part. By the original owner, this is what Joshua was coming to do. by the original owner to redeem with God as subject implying a personal relationship. So here would come the one that she belonged to in the beginning just like God done to every one of us when Satan had you in his old greasy palms. But you didn't belong to the devil. You belong to God. And when God would come as the original owner, I don't care about your life or your past or your failures or where God brought you out of. I don't need to know about that. All I need to know is that you belong to God before the foundation of the world. And the original owner made an assessment of your life and he paid the full price of the assessed value. Glory to God. He didn't try to get you for a bargain. He didn't try to jew the devil down. He paid every price that that that was due so that there wasn't nobody that could come back and lay any claim upon your life. Let me tell you, he paid the the assessed price. She didn't know she belonged to God. Matter of fact, she didn't even know who she was. After all, Rahab, me tell you what Rahab thought she was. Somebody wants to know. Rahab taught she was a harlot. That's what Rahab thought she was because that was her life. I thought, but that that ain't who she was anyway. That's just what she done. She was living as that. But that ain't who she was. That's what the devil I know I said this before, but that's what the devil tells you. Anytime you fail, he calls you a failure. When you sin, you're a sinner. If you commit an adultery, you're an adulterer. If if you make mistake that that you if you lied, then you're a liar. But I got news for you. Sin can never be your identity. Things that you've done can't be your identity. But your identity was given to you before you were born. So that's not what you are. It's just what you done. But none of it mattered because Bible I'm closing. I hurry there. The Bible says on the seventh day they marched around the walls of Jericho and they heard the sound of the freedom trumpet of Joshua ring out. I thought my wasn't that powerful. They hear Rahab when she would she had be listed that day. They marched around those walls and the sound of freedom rang out. Let me tell you what it was, brother Mark. It was the voice of redemption to the bride. It was a voice of redemption to a gentile bride. Let me tell you what it done. It shook. They all the men of Jericho, they shook with fear. But Rahab, she stood with courage. They ran at the call of God. But she responded to it. That's our call. That's our That's our redeemer that's coming to save us. That that's that that's God. He's knocking on my door. That salvation, it's coming to my house. I don't have to be afraid. It's the salvation of the Lord. He's ringing out in my ears right now that it didn't matter what I came out of. That ain't going to identify me. That ain't who I am. It's what I done. But I belong to God in the first place until finally it would break off of our life. Jesus brother said we're living in such a fear. That's why Jesus always had to say fear not. He said, "We're," that's the trouble with the church today. We're scared to death that we're going to make a failure. He said, "But how? Glory to God. How can you fail if you're in Christ? We're so scared we're going to be a failure, but how can you fail when you're in Christ? You can't fail. You've got everlasting life. All demons in hell can't shake you. You've got everlasting life." Jesus said so. So, don't be afraid of failure. Don't be afraid that you're going to serve God and fail. How can you fail? You got everlasting love. Oh friends, when they when they went to shouting, the walls of Jericho started to shake. The more they should, after a few seconds, they begin to rumble and fall down that that two-tiered city. The walls begin to fall down the the way where the men of of Joshua could walk right up. And the Bible says, "And then they burned the city with fire and all that was in it. Only the silver and gold they couldn't the treasure of the Lord. But Joshua saved Rahab the harlot with her father's household and all that she had. And she lives in Israel even to this day because she hid the messengers whom Joshua sent to spy out Jericho." The very thing that had her bound, destiny, it was destroyed. The very thing, every accuser that she had was killed. They were burned to the ground. They were slain with a sword. My you know, let me tell you what happened that that that when she went on with her life, do you realize that according to the laws of of Israel that if a person were to going to to be accused of a of a sin or a wrong that they committed that it took two witnesses a good report. And here Joshua by the order of the Lord had killed every man, woman, and child in Jericho, saving Rahab and her family that come out there. Let me tell you what that means. That means every witness that could stand against her was slain by the sword of Joshua. In other words, it was destroyed by the Holy Ghost. It didn't mean it didn't have the ability to stand and accuse you no more. The only one that could accuse her that was left and remaining was her. And she could stand up all she wanted to and come to Joshua and say, Joshua, I ain't nothing but a failure. I can just tell you, I used to be a harlot. You know, I I made a lot of mistakes. I've done a long wrongdoing. I don't deserve to go with Israel. I don't deserve to be saved. I don't be I don't deserve to be called the bride of Christ. I don't deserve to be a Christian. That Joshua would look right in her face. He said, "Well, that's wonderful, but where's the second report?" It takes two reports for an accusation to come up on somebody's life. Somebody find me another man that is alive that could witness to what this woman says that every single one of her accusers had been destroyed by the sword of the Holy Ghost. Friends, let me tell you, that's what happened to every believer in here this morning. I don't care what the devil said. I don't care what you saw and the places you've gone, but the accusers that that you had in your life have been destroyed by the Holy Ghost. Brother Tom, they've been destroyed out of our life. Said, "See what happened to her? She was one of those when she was taken as one of the Israelites. She fell in love with a man that was a captain and the prince of Judah. And finally, she married him. And when the estate was settled up for the Israelites, she and her beloved husband lived in Bethlehem. a gentile bride married to a Jew. Why? Because she believed in a miracle working God. Look what was what she come from from being out of a house of ill fame of prostitution. But through her conversion and through her unfailing faith in God, it brought her from a prostitute house to a beautiful home in Bethlehem. Isn't that powerful? It brought her from a prostitute house to a beautiful home in Bethlehem. What a difference. But David, she built her alive on a new foundation. The rock of salvation by redemption. The price was paid. The past was destroyed. Her past was erased. Can I tell you what happened to her past? What God had had delivered her from? How many wants to know? Joshua said after he brought her out, he laid this oath on them, "Cursed is the man before the Lord who rises up and rebuilds this city Jericho. With the loss of his firstborn shall he lay its foundation, and with the loss of his youngest son, so he set up the gates." See, that's what happened to the children of Hyel, the builder. when he was coming to rebuild a city that had been cursed. The Bible said in his days hael the Bethlite built Jericho. He laid its foundations at the cost of the life of Abraham his firstborn. He set up the gates at the loss of his youngest son according to the word of the Lord which he had spoke to Joshua the son of Nun. The loss came because he was building on a cursed foundation. Isn't this powerful? I thought here 5 30 years later had 530 years had passed since the time that Rahab had walked away from the rubble that was Jericho. I thought here as she walked away from this place and down the road to Bethlehem, she left behind her all of the abuse. She left behind her all of the accusers. She left behind her all of the the misuse and how that she was mishandled and taken advantage of all that was left behind her. I thought how she must have felt when she was walking away from the rubble of what used to have her so bad. And as her back was turned to it, can I just say this as we're closing? As her back was turned to it and she's walking towards this new life of Bethlehem. But she hears the words of Joshua behind her saying, "Cursed is any man that would ever try to rebuild this. For what God has done, let it be done." When a man would try to rebuild this city, he'll pay for it for the life of his son. I thought, "My Rahab must have been rejoicing." You mean all my past that's been torn down that God intends for it to lay there? Amen. It's going to lay in that condition that God would so much that he would put a curse upon a man that would try to bring it back up again. Cursed be the man that would try to build the wall back up that had my Rahab w trapped up. Cursed be the man that would try to raise back up the city that had her trapped and no way out. Cursed be the man that would try to revive her past and build it up. That every day that of her life when she would ever travel by this place, I want her to see it as a field of rubble. I wanted to see it as a scorned place, a burned down place that there ain't nothing there that could ever honor ever again. The curse of God was put upon that land. I thought, I wonder how many days that she traveled down the to the ruins of Jericho and said, "There lays my past, my memories." And it's just a memory now. All those old things, it ain't it ain't a part of me no more. It's just a memory. 5 30 years later, God remembered the promise that he had made. Ahab was building his kingdom. H was the builder. Went to build the city of Jericho. The curse of God fell upon his life because he would build that in that very place. You know, even to this day, even the city of Jericho that's nearby. But even to this day, that very city that Rahab lived in, you got a picture of it. Archaeologists have done many digs over the past years there sets the ruins of what was Jericho dug out of the ground they found even the stones they in one place that they found stones where they would say that it was the only portion of the wall that didn't fall like it was just one little spot where these stones that they dug out and showed how that the foundation of the city was built in one little spot the stones didn't fall remember Rahab's house it was sitting on a wall I was reading about all the things they that they found through the archaeologist side said they found a 1 meter thick layer of ash and debris, including jars of burnt wheat that had been found in many sections of the city. Jars of charred grain that would support the Bible's claims that the attack took place just after harvest under the under the siege was short seven days. The Israelites didn't plunder. They left it. Only thing they took out was the metals, but everything else was still there. They found char burnt seeds and we even some houses in the lower part of the city that were built in the lower city wall which was exactly how Rahab's house is described. In at least one area there was a mud brick wall that had not collapsed consistent with Rahab's house being spared even though it was attached to a city wall. This is the things that they have found when they've been excavating in the place of Jericho. But let me tell you what they didn't find as a music player's coming. What they didn't find is they never found any evidence of Rahab's They never found any part of her history or of her past or to say, "Well, that's what she was." Or there's no evidence of Rahab being a whatever you want to call her. There there's no evidence of it anywhere. And that all that history, it was erased and it never became part of her life again. It's only a history. It ain't a part of who she was. That's not even how that she was remembered. Can I tell you where it is? You can go there. You'll never find the ruins of Rahab. You'll never find the life of Rahab. There's nothing that ties that place to Rahab. There's no there's no tithe. This was Rahab's house. There's nothing there that even ties her to that old place. Let me tell you where you can find her. Her history. Matthew the first chapter of the Bible says, "This is the book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham. Abraham begot Isaac, and Isaac begot Jacob, and Jacob begot Judas and his brethren. Judas begot Pharisees, and Zara of Tamar, and Pharisees begott, and Escham begott Aram, and Aram begot Aminadab, and Aminadab begat Naan, and Nan begot Salmon, and Salmon begot Boaz of Rahab. There's her history. It's not in the rubble or the ruins of a failed city or a failed pass the walls that was destroyed to bring her out. But her history is laying in the book of the generation of Jesus Christ. Friends, let me tell you, you looking for your you're looking for yourself in the wrong place. We're looking for oursel in the wrong wrong condition. Looking back in your past, you'll never find you there. You can bring it all up. You'll never find you there because that's not who you are. It don't matter what somebody how somebody looks at you. It don't matter how long it's been. She was Rahab. Glory. From the time she left out of that city, it was destroyed. There was no going back to it. It had been destroyed by the Holy Ghost. She couldn't even reestablish it. It's a cursed land today. Couldn't even be built back up again. But her her name is found in the generation, the book of the generation of Jesus Christ. You going to find where you are as you stand to your feet. You'll find your name written in the book of the generation of our Lord Jesus. Isn't that a powerful thought this morning? The Mark here was a woman. She built a new life on a sure rock of salvation. The redemption of her life, the debt has been paid. But say we are justified as though you never done it in the first place. He said it's not even regarded at all. Isn't that a powerful thought? Can you let this sink in? How's it done? In God's book of the sea of forgetfulness, your old book of marriage is divorced and dead. It's not even in the memories of God. You are justified. Therefore, being justified, it was accused. You was accused, but you never done it in the first place. The old union is in the sea of God's forgget. You wasn't even married to it to begin with. The bridegroom, he bore your shame himself for you in your place. He took your place for you were predestinated for him to be in his bride before the foundation of the world. The Bible said so. You are the predestinated seed of God. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. And when I think about the Lord, how he picked me up, turn me around, how he place my feet on solid ground. I said when I think about the Lord, how you save me, how you raised me, how you fill me with the Holy Ghost, how you heal me to the uttermost. And when I think about the Lord, how you pick me up and turn me around, how you place my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all of the honor, all of my praise. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all of the honor, all of my praise." When I think about the Lord, how he How you raise me, how you feel me. Isn't that a wonderful thought this morning? Oh, when I think about the Lord, how you pick me up and you turn me around, how you place my feet on ground, it makes me hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. All the [Music] glorus all the glor. [Music] [Music] Glory ghost heal to the uttermost. And when I think about the Lord, how you pick me up and turn me around. How you place my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all of the honor, all of my praise. It makes me want to shout hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all of the honor, all of my praise. When I think about the Lord, how you save me, how you raise me, how you fill me with the Holy Ghost, how you heal me to the uttermost. And when I think about the Lord, how you pick me up and turn me around, how you place my feet. [Music] Hallelujah. Jesus, all the glory, Lord, all of my praise. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? I've been changed. I've been healed. Yes, I've been free. I've been delivered and I found joy. I found peace. Amazing grace. I'm highly favored. And right now is the moment. Yesterday is the day. I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. And I said, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, all my shame, all my guilt, all my guilt, yes. All my sins, all my sins, they've been forgiven. Now there's no more chains. Hallelujah. No more fear. Yes. All my past is finally over. And right now is the moment. I wonder how many make that declaration this morning. I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. And I say that I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, all my shame, all my guilt, all my Yes. All my sins, all my sins, they've been forgiven. Now there's no more chains. Well, I just makes me want to shout. Where there's no more fear, all my Yes. Oh, my past is over. And right now is the moment. Yes, today is the day I've been changed. Come on, Rahab. Won't you sing it to the Lord? I know it's my day. And I said, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Yes. I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. [Applause] Hallelujah. We ain't got to go back to that. My past is laying in rubble. What a revelation. It's laying in rubble. I know what the devil does. He comes flying by. It's who you are. That's what I did. who I am. My name's been written in the book of the generation of Jesus Christ. Ain't that powerful? You know, there's a book of the generation of Christ pre of his ministry on the earth and his birth, death and burial and resurrection. But there's a book of the generation of Christ post his death and burial and resurrection. My name's written in that book. We are the generation. Isn't that powerful? Brother Mark, we come from the very bloodline of Jesus Christ. The blood that flowed through the through the very lamb of God that flowed through the veins of Jesus Christ upon this earth. That same blood, the blood of God was paid for our sin. And that very blood is what ties you to God. Amen. I wish you could do a DNA test, a spiritual DNA test on your life. That's what God done this morning to show you where you really came from and who you belong to. Isn't the Lord wonderful? Won't you give him another hand clap of praise? Somebody say, "God is good." Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." I said, "All my shame, all my guilt, all my sins, all my s, they been forgiven. Now there's no more change, no more fear, it's all my past. It's finally over. [Music] Your spirit came and change. [Music] I've been delivered and I' [Music] been Amaze [Music] [Music] came back and All my shares [Music] [Music] I' been [Music] changed and changed me. Your spirit came and changed me. [Music] came and changed [Music] me. Jesus is here. [Music] [Music] Jesus receive Jesus here. [Music] Oh, I receive it. So I lift my hands toward the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you. You're my rock, my healer. I trust in [Music] you. I know he is here. He is here. [Music] Healing is here. Yes, my Lord. I believe it. Oh, he is here. He is here. Healing is here. Yes, my Lord. And I'm leaving. So I lift my hands. Won't you just lift your hands to the Lord? Just worshiping a moment before we go. Where my help comes from. I look to you. You're my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Yes. I lift my hands. Oh, to the heaven. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you. You're my rock, my healer, and I trust in you. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. My Jesus [Music] is my receive. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. How many just give him a hand clap of praises? He is. Let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how wonderful that you are, Lord, God. What a privilege, Lord, to know you, Lord, to know how that you've called us, Lord, and saved us. Not just a salvation, Lord, but a salvation by redemption, Lord. The price that has been paid for our life, Lord. Lord, everything that was owed, Lord, was paid. Lord, here we stand as free men and women of God. And Lord, I thank you, Lord, for that. Lord, may it never become old, Lord, or not have the meaning that it should. Lord, may we never forget to remember or to remind one another of the things that you've done in our life. Lord, I thank you for each one in this this morning, Lord. May the church be encouraged as we go from this place, Lord. God, that we have something to build a life on. I pray that you would help every stone that's built, every stone that's laid in every family, Lord, would be according to thy word, God. Something, Lord, in their life that would be established that Satan would have no ability to destroy. Strengthen the body of believers, the saints of God, Lord, this morning, Lord. May you give us such a zeal, Lord, to to bring others into the fold. Lord, that there's there's a grahabs that are out there looking and searching. They're no doubt trap. And Lord, you have an army in this world today led by that same Joshua, the Holy Ghost. Lord, may we go where you lead us, Lord, and call who you send us to call, Lord, that your house may be filled. Lord, we thank you for all you do. Lord, I ask, Lord, our brother David had a special request this morning. God has asked the church to remember, Lord. So here as a body of believers, Lord, we call upon you, Lord, and call out his name. And Lord, I pray that God that you would you would move in in his family, Lord, and intercede on this great need, God, that your hand of mercy, Lord, would be upon it, Lord. We just ask you, Lord God, because we trust you and Lord, we'll remember it as the week goes on. Lord, we just thank you for all that you do for us. and we give you glory for it. In the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Just want to remind the church next Sunday, Father's Day. We have brother Andrew will be here. He'll be speaking for us on Sunday, but also the following day we'll be going on the youth trip. So, we're going to leave Monday morning and Branson. And so we just encourage everybody that's going, if you haven't got everything settled up on that, try to do that beforehand. We got all the rooms and everything booked and and paid for. You can just get with with my wife on that or me. And also that sister Cara and and sister Mariah Glover have helped set up a church directory. And so I think brother announced that this morning I'm sure. But uh but all they need is your email address to set you up an account and so I think they had some forms if you want them to fill everything out for you. But you don't have to put all your information. They don't need your social security number and all all that stuff and your credit score. Uh but but the church has grown so fast and I'm not going to ask you to raise hands, but how many people could raise their hand this morning that that know that can look around and people in here that they don't know their name. So, we could all raise our hand, but but uh but the church grows that fast and people's always asking for numbers. So, it's just a way that people could see who's coming in. And so, uh we've me and brother Andrew are going to take care of the cost of it. But, Sister Mariah is going to take photos for anybody that would like photos to be taken and and to put their family photo on there. So, she's going to do that next Sunday after church. So, I thought that was a really nice thing to to be able to do. So, if you don't have a family photo to put on there, that's good. And if nothing else, you can you can you can kind of know who's who, that might help you. A lot of new folks, they don't don't know who everybody is. So, we just encourage you to put the information that you want on there. We don't you don't have to put everything. If your number is private, you want to keep it private, keep it private. Just put the info that you'd want. If it's just kids names and birthdays, that's fine, too. uh just so uh that we can kind of we want to be able to say happy birthday every now and then to somebody too. And I'm the worst with remembering everything and and we thank God for it, but the church has gotten too big to remember everybody's birthdays and anniversaries and that's a that's a a wonderful thing, but this is a good tool to be able to help. So appreciate those sisters doing that and you can get with [Applause] them. God bless you as you go. Amen. Where do I [Music] go? When the storms of life are raging, who do I talk to? When the winds of sorrow blow? Is there [Music] auge in the time of tribulation? I go to the rock. I know that he's able. I go to the rock. Well, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected.
