################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - Pastor Matt Morse  The Spirit of Truth by Grace  07-13-25 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-13
Title:    Pastor Matt Morse | The Spirit of Truth by Grace | 07-13-25
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8DiEVli3co
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] I was wondering. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] set my spirit free, but I'm not I used to be Well, I say thanks for loving me. For you have set, oh my spirit free. Well, I'm not one I used to be. So I said thanks. Oh, let's all stand and sing that first verse. Oh, I know you kept on love when no love was returned. Oh, and you kept on missing me when I did not deserve. You've been the dearest friend that anyone could be. And I say, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me." Oh, so I say thanks for loving me for you have set my spirit free. Well, I'm not one I used to be. So I said, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me." Oh, my empty heart was heavy and no one even cared. My life was full of misery and no one else would share. My spirit was in prison and I could not find a key. Oh, but he opened up my heart by loving me. Oh, so I said, "Thanks for loving me. Oh, you have set. Oh, my spirit free. [Applause] Oh, I'm not what I used to be. Oh, so I sent that first verse. Oh, I know. You kept on loving when no love was returned. Oh, and you kept on blessing me when I did not deserve. You've been the dearest friend that anyone could be and I often thankful for that this morning. Turn around, shake your neighbor's feet, say I say thanks for loving me for you have sinned, my spirit free cuz I'm not one I used to be. So I say thank you Lord for loving me. So I say thanks for loving me. For you have set, oh my spirit free. Well, I'm not one I used to be. So I set I'll sing that course once more. Oh, I say thank you, Lord, for loving me. Oh, you have set my spirit free. And I'm not one. Oh, I used to be. So I say thank you, Lord. Well, I'm not one. Well, I'm not one. Oh, I used to be. So I said, "Thank you, Lord, for loving." Oh, give a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful that he loves you? When you didn't deserve it, yet he still love you. It's so good to be in the house of the Lord, each and every one of you. We got some visitors. The Schmidz certainly good to have you guys here. Some local Arizona people. So, I feel at home now. Brother Robbie is certainly good to have you. Got some visitors over here. I don't know your name, but we're certainly welcome to have you here with us this morning. Brother Joe, will you open the service in order? [Music] Amen. You may have your seats this seat this morning. Oh, I wondered so aimless with sin. Oh, I wouldn't let my dear Savior in. But then Jesus came like a stranger in the night. And praise the Lord, I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. Oh, no more in darkness. No more night. Oh, now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Cuz praise the Lord, I saw the light. Oh, just like a blind man, I wondered alone. For worries and fears I claimed for my own. But then like a blind man that God gave back his side. Oh, praise the Lord. I saw the light and I saw the light. I saw the light. Oh, no more in darkness. No more and I for now I'm so happy no sorrow inside. Oh, praise the Lord. I saw the light and I was so cold to walk through a stray for straight is the gate and narrow the way. But now I have traded the wrong for the right. And praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. Yes, I saw the light. Oh, no more in darkness. No more in. Oh, now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, I saw the light. Oh, and I saw the light. I saw the light. Oh, no more darling. No more and I Oh, now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Oh, praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, now I'm laying up my treasure in that home above. Oh, trusting fully trusting in the Savior's love. I'm doing what I can for that heavenly does. Cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those games of pearl. I'm keeping my record. I'm watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, any earthly child by his love and trace. I'm sure that up in heaven I shall find a place. Cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. And I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for those gates of hell. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said I'll go. Oh, if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger here below. Then I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for those gates of Pearl. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready. Oh, I sing our last verse once more. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said I'll go. Oh, if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger here below. But I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready. I'll sing the chorus once more. Oh, cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Oh, let me walk blessed Lord in the way. Thou has gone, leading stray to the land above. Oh, giving cheer everywhere to the sad and the low. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly love. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, keep me close to the side of my savior. And God, let me never in darkness roll. Oh, keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly. [Music] [Applause] Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. All let's all stand and sing this last verse. Soon the race will be over and I'll travel no more but abide in my home above. So let me sing blessed king all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day as the brothers come for offering. Oh fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with a heavenly dove. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. Brother Phil, will you pray over the offer? [Music] [Music] And my way gets brighter. Oh, my low gets lighter. Oh, walking up the king's highway. [Applause] Oh, for there is joy in knowing that with him I'm going. I'm walking up the king highway for it's a highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there over the pur. It's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the king's highway. Oh, you don't have to worry and don't have to worry. Oh, walking up the king's highway. Oh, for Christ walks besides me, his angels to guide me. I'm walking up the king's highway. [Applause] For it's a highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there. Oh, but the pure heart. It's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the king's highway. Oh, and if you're not walking, better start while I'm talking. We're walking up the king's highway. Oh, for there will be a blessing that you'll start possessing. Oh, walking up the king's highway. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there. Oh, but the pure heart, it's a highway to heaven. Oh, walking up through his highway. Oh, aren't you thankful for your walking up that way this morning? Sister, will you sing this morning? Okay, let's sing that chorus as she comes brings her a song special. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there. Oh, but the pure in heart, it's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the highway. Brother Mark, hope you're ready to sing right after [Music] Their [Music] heads were low. [Music] As they walked along that long road, then a man appeared. And as he drew near, [Music] why are you so sad? Are things really that bad? [Music] They said, "Sir, have you not heard? You must be a stranger in this town. For the one who came in the father's name, [Music] he has been cut down. They laid his body in the ground. As they walked and talked, he began to explain about this Jesus and why he came. He opened the scriptures and began to teach. The preacher of preachers, he began to preach. In the wilderness, the children had nothing there to eat. But men up from heaven fell down at their feet when they were dry and thirsty. And a warming land living water came forth out of a rock in the sand. When the three Hebrew children were thrown in the flames, a fourth man appeared. They even called him by name. The man of the water, the man, they're all the same. And if you're still confused, I'll just say it real. It was me. Oh, it was me. I am the one who left back there on Calvary. It was me. [Music] Who do you think hung the stars in the sky? Who do you think made the day and the night? Who made the flowers? Who made the trees? Who made the sun and the moon and the seas? Who gives life to all who believe? Who do you think made the blind to see? And who made the very air that you breathe? who defeated death and won the victory. It was me. Oh, it was me. I am the one who died for you. Oh, on Calvary. It was me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Who do you think was the voice in the tree? Who do you think told the prophet to speak? Who created squirrels and made the storms to cease? And who drove his boys right down to their knees? Who do you think brought you here today? Who who left his throne to fellowship with you to make himself known to many of you? It was me. Oh, it was me. I am the one you left back there on Calvary. It was me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I've been held by the Savior. I've filled fire from above. I've been down to the river. Well, I ain't the same a prodal return and all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God that yesterday is gone and all my sins are forgiven. And I've been washed by the blood. [Music] I'm no stranger to the prison. I've worn shackles and chains, but I've been freedom and forg. I'm not going back. I'll never be the same. And all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God my yesterday is gone and all my sins are forgiven and I been washed by the blood. I'm no stranger to the prison. I've worn shackles and chains, but I've been freed and delivered. I'm not going back. I'll never be the same. And all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God yesterday is gone. and all my sins are forgiven. I know that I been washed by the blood. One more time. And all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God my yesterday is gone. All my sins are forgiven. I've been washed by the blood. &gt;&gt; You say all your hope is in him today. &gt;&gt; That's him that is will saved you, him that redeemed you, and it's him going to take you home. &gt;&gt; It's him all the time. Let's sing. Let's just sing that chorus once more. Sister Cara brings her song. And all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God my yesterday is gone. Oh, and all my sins are forgiven. Oh, and I been washed by. I'll sing it once more. Oh, and all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God my yesterday is gone. Oh, when all my sins are forgiven. Oh, when I been washed by the blood [Music] and you knew it. Perhaps that's why you asked Abraham what's most important. Was it to see how far he'd go or to show him there was more to your glory. Even when you told him to lay his Isaac on the altar, you found out that he didn't love the promise more than you. And even though he believed that you'd provide around, he said, "Who will my as a man not to trust you? There is a broken world around us. quickly falling. Leo Dea is so loud we can't hear you calling. Is it Leona that's so loud? Or are we just too proud to receive your mercies or to bring you glory? Even when you tell us to lay our Isaac on the altar, will you find out that we don't love the promise more than you? Do we truly believe the provider? Who are we? Who are we not to trust? [Music] What is the Isaac in your life that you keep holding? Oh, the desires of this world will keep you drowning. If you could only see God's gifts are greater than your needs or desires. He is your provider. Even when he tells us to lay our eyes on the altar, will he find a bride who doesn't love the promise more than him? Lord, we truly believe that you'll provide around. We're your bride and we do completely trust you, Lord. I do. I do completely trust you. You say that this morning that you truly trust him &gt;&gt; to surrender your all. Thank you for those song specials. Let's all stand as we invite our pastor to come. I surrender. I surrender. Oh, I surrender. Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you. Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh, I surrender. [Music] [Applause] Oh, and Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you. first verse down [Music] and cry. Oh Lord, your plan for me is [Music] [Applause] and I need you to fulfill your purp. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I submit to you my king. Oh, I am everything. Oh, I'm loving to again. [Music] Oh, here I am. Here I am. And I surrender. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I [Music] and I surrender. Oh, I surrender. Oh Lord, I surrender my life. Oh, I give it all to you. Hold on broken. Oh, come on and open [Music] to Oh, will you trust him now? Oh, I'm trusting and I'm waiting to see what you will do. Oh, and Lord, you know what's best. And I show I find my rest. I'm coming to you. Oh, just tell him now this morning. Oh, here I am. Oh, here I am. And I surrender. [Music] Oh, I surrender my Lord. Oh Lord, I surrender my life. Oh, we give it all to you now. Give it all to you. Oh, and I surrender. [Music] [Applause] Yes, I surrender. Oh, and Lord, I surrender my life. Oh, I give it all. Oh, let's sing that second verse once more. Oh, humble and broken heart to you. Oh, I'm trusting and I'm waiting to see what you will do. Oh, for Lord, you know what's best. And at your feet, I'll find my rest. Oh, I'm coming to you again. I'm saying, Lord, here I am. Oh, here I am. And I surrender. [Music] Yes, I surrender. [Music] Oh, and Lord, I surrender my life. Oh, I give it all to you, Jesus. And I surrender. Oh, I surrender. Oh Lord, I surrender my life. Oh, I give it all. All that sing that first verse [Music] and I know Lord your plan for me is right. And I need you to fulfill your purpose in my life. For I submit to you my king. Oh be my everything. Lord I'm coming to you again. Oh dear. All that you pray this morning, just lift your hands and surrender to me. Oh, [Music] I surrender. I [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] give it all to you. [Music] I'm saying I surrender. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let the worippers around. [Music] Let the sons of God sing. I'm surrendering my own. [Applause] I surrender to the king. Let the wor [Music] [Applause] see. Yes, I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the bride of every nation is awaken and he's a part of that this morning. There comes an angle. Oh, here the praises. This is our song. We sing to our king. Let the wor. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. Oh my Lord, I surrender to the king. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? How many say I surrender my all to the Lord Jesus Christ? Amen. Amen. We come to church as a body of believers to fellowship around the word of the Lord. How many appreciates the atmosphere in the building this morning? Amen. We just enjoy the presence of the Lord. And I believe that whenever the believers come together and and they begin to pray and sing songs of worship and live sanctified lives that it's a savor, a sweet smell and savor to the Lord. And I believe that it's something that he according to the scripture, he inhabits the praise of his people. So, I believe that God is here this morning to do abundantly more than we could ever ask or think. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? God is certainly moving amongst his children. And I know we could look at all the things that are going on in the world and we can be so uh uh depressed and we feel so bad about everything. But uh when you look at the promises of God, it doesn't do nothing but put a smile on your face to think of all that God is doing for us right now. Amen. He's not just a God of history, but he's a God of today. Amen. You believe that this morning? Amen. Somebody turn around to somebody and say, "He's a God of today." Amen. We sure love the Lord this morning. And just want to give a report from Brother Andrew. Uh he's should be flying home in the in a little while and had finished up their meetings there in the Czech Republic. And I know many of you had helped them to be able to go there. He said there was uh 24 young people that gave their heart to the Lord and that are being baptized uh following the meetings. So, we just sure appreciate the hand of God in those meetings. And just remember to continue to to pray for him as he gets ready to make his journey home. And maybe if you just have a need on your heart this morning, just welcome all of our visitors here. Just trust that the Lord would do something to help you. And may you find the grace of God. Amen. So, won't we just lift our hands? If you have a need on your heart, just something that was you'd like the Lord to do, won't we just ask him to come and and we just call everybody just pray in your own way. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for an opportunity to come and just together in the house of God this morning. And Lord, we thank you, Lord, for all that you do for us. Lord, we thank you for this wonderful atmosphere of worship. And Lord, we recognize your presence, Lord. God, we are so humbled to be able to stand in the presence of an eternal God. And Lord, it causes us to look at oursel and realize our weaknesses and our inabilities. And Lord, knowing that here is a body of people, Lord, and many around the country, Lord, that would be watching the services, Lord, and God, it's your children, Lord, knowing that you know all that we have need of. Lord, we just ask you, Lord, that by your grace that you would come this morning, Lord, you would speak to your children. Lord, you would feed every soul, Lord, that we would leave this place knowing that we've been in your presence. Lord, we thank you for all you do, and we give you the glory for it. We ask you to anoint this word and bring it to life, Lord. You spoke this to my heart, Lord, and I just ask you to allow me to surrender this morning that you could speak what you would have spoken, Lord. We just thank you for it in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Want to invite you to the scripture and uh to John the 16th chapter and we'll read out of the 13th verse and then we'll also go to John 14 and 16. So John 16th chapter and the 13th verse and give you just a a moment to find that. Amen. and just certainly want to make everybody welcome and our friends travel a long way home on vacation and come to visit this morning. So, God bless you. How many enjoyed those specials? &gt;&gt; Amen. Just a tremendous hearing God's children and and the gifts of God being used. Amen. I I just love the atmosphere that is created by worship. Amen. So, let's just go to the word. How many loves the word of God? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why we come to the house of God. Amen. to fellowship around the word. Amen. So we want to read John 16 and13. Jesus how said, "How be it when he the spirit of truth is come, he will guide you into all truth, for he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come." I'd also like to read out of John 14 in the 16th verse down to the 20th verse. And Jesus tells us who this spirit of truth is. So he says when he come he will he will lead you and and and guide you uh but in in all truth but then he tells us who it is. He says the father he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive because it seeth him not neither knoweth him but you know him for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. So Jesus makes a great connection here of speaking of him coming spiritually. Of course we realize as the Holy Ghost, but he would say it is he that dwelleth with you and he that shall be in you. So it kind of takes away there being two and three gods out there, don't it? Says so I will not leave you comfortless, but I will come to you. He just goes ahead and makes it plain. He said, "In a little while the world will see me no more, but you will see me because I live you shall live also. And at that day you shall know that I am in my father and you are in me and I am in you. And we'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word this morning. And I would like to speak on this subject on the spirit of truth by grace. The spirit of truth uh by grace. I know the Bible gives us uh the many promises to the church and you know we've been speaking on those and uh uh what great precious promises that have been given us to us by the by the Lord and you know I got to thinking on that this week that there's many uh great things that God has promised but then uh it just seems like that that in this life that there's many great things that stand before us to keep us from receiving the promises of God. How many can testify that many times that uh how said how many can testify that I I know I'm not the only one that has uh uh things that stand before you that keep you from getting to where God wants you to be. But there's many trials that we face and many uh pressures and many burdens that are on the church. That's why it's so heavy and uh to come to the house of God and and just to be able to be free and worship and and to get into the service. It's because we're heavy by the world and all the things of this life. But uh you know what we got to do this morning? and we get to come in the house of God and we can let all that alone just for a few minutes and allow the spirit of the Lord to come and minister to our hearts and so so we realize there are many great trials and many pressures and you know I was thinking of the promises of God and you know I thought that you know there's many things in our life that God did not promise us how many knows that there was many promises that were not in the Bible he never promised us that we would have an easy walk he never promised us that we wouldn't have trials he never uh promised that there would be no temptation he never promise promised us there would be no pressures in this life. Uh God never promised us that we wouldn't have hardship. There's not those are not things that God has promised to the church. But uh no doubt we experienced all of those all of those things. But uh but but what he did promise is that he would send a spirit into the church that would be a comforter to us that would lead us uh that would guide us that would be a a guide to the church. He would help you overcome every trial. He would he would help you get past the obstacles. He would help you cross all the barriers. And I know sometimes we try by our own might and our own strength to overcome the things that we are going through in this life. But but the Bible tells us that that's not the way to overcome it at all. Matter of fact, Zachchariah talked about it. He said, "It's not by might nor by spirit or or by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord." He said, "Who art thou, oh great mountain, before Zerubabel, for thou shalt become a plain?" Somebody say mountain, and you shall become a plain. So it didn't matter what mountain that it was. I I love how Zachariah asked because he asked the mountain to identify itself. I don't know what mountains that you face and I don't know what trials and all the uh the pressures that we face. But Zachchariah said, "Who art thou, oh great mountain?" In other words, uh uh who are you to stand before the Lord, but but by the spirit of God that every mountain would be made a plain. How many believe that this morning? It don't matter what we face. It don't matter what trials we go through. prove it. No matter what hardships that we go through in this life, but Zachchariah said, "Who art thou, oh great mountain before Zerubbabel, you shall become a plain and then and when this spirit shall come to the earth, he'll come by a message be called grace." Grace remember he said, "I'll call grace under." You said, "Well, how would it be made a plain?" How will the how will I overcome in this hour? But we'll over overcome, Brother Wesley, by one thing, and that's by the word of God that would come by a message of the grace of God. Can I just say it to this morning that for if God is going to come and give you a word in the hour that you need a word from the Lord, it ain't nothing more than the grace of God. If God gives you a word and it's in the hour that you need a word from the Lord by God coming and speaking to you, it don't matter if it's a word of correction. It don't matter if it seems like you're getting a little bit of a whooping sometimes. It don't matter if it's uplifting. If it's a word from the Lord sent to you in the hour that you need it. It's the grace of God that sent the word of God unto you. How many believe that? And that's what we need in this hour. A lot of times a person, you know, they'll start their walk with God and they'll get to a certain place and they can't ever go any further. They'll they'll come to a wall and you know, I know what Satan does whenever we get to this place is that Satan looks at our life and he says, "Well, you never got anything from God." And you know, you know, you may started out a walk with God, but Satan will come by, he'll say, "Well, you know, the uh the very experiences that you had with God, it was just emotional workups." And maybe you just got caught up in all the things that was going on in a revival. Maybe you went to a meeting and you you came to an altar and you had a great uh move of God in your life. And you know, but the devil will come by and well, it wasn't God at all. And you know, if that was the spirit of God after all, then why would you be facing all these trials? And if that was if that was God that dealt with you, then why would you have all this pressure? And why would you have these temptations? And why do you still struggle? And why do you have failure in your life? After all, if you if you got a hold of God and you really met God, that great creator, the eternal God, then why would you go through the pressures of this life? Maybe it wasn't God at all. &gt;&gt; You know, and but I want to say that this morning that just because that you have failures does not mean that your experience with God was not a real experience. Just because you went through hardships, it don't mean that you really didn't meet God a few years ago or a few months ago. Friends, I've got news for you. The the things that we face in this life or no or no guide to tell you whether or whether or not that you ever had an experience with God. Many times people come to an altar and they give their heart to God and and they and they they they have a real they have a real pouring out and they make a decision to serve God and they'll leave that altar that that very place that they met God and they'll go right back into the world. I don't know about y'all, but I've done it many times in my life. I I I know you've seen this many times, but but they'll go right back into the world. They'll come to an altar. They'll repent. And how many's ever experienced it? You come and and give your heart to God. You made a sure dedication. This time, I'm going to serve God. And and then it ain't it ain't very long. You're right back into the same mess you came out of. Right in the same addictions, the same problems, the same trials, the same pressures that you that you had before. And and then you'll come back and the devil begins to speak to your mind and you say, you know, I thought that I was forgiven and I I thought I was justified and I thought I'd came to a place with God and I I was baptized and you know, I thought everything was going to be okay after that and I thought the devil had let me. But friends, I've got news for you this morning. You were forgiven and you were justified and your sins were put in the sea of forgetfulness. But let me tell you what Jesus said about it. He said, "When an unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places and he seeks rest and he finds none." And then that spirit will say, "Well, I will return unto my house." Ain't that something that the devil calls your body his house. He said, "So when a spirit leaves a man, comes to an altar, you give your heart to God. And when a spirit leaves, he said he comes back and he says, I will return to my," In other words, the devil makes a decision to go inhabit this place again. He said, "So from whence he came out and when he comes, he finds it's empty, swept, and garnished. He go then he goes and he takes with himself seven other spirits that are more wicked than himself and they enter in and dwell there and the last state of that man is worse than it was before." Isn't that a scary place to be to realize that you can come to a place and go so far with God? And brother Mark, you can come to a place of repentance. Isn't it something to think of this that you can come to a place of repentance and leave off worse than it was than the time that you came and repented? For the Bible says the last state of the man is worse than he was when he came. That's one of the brother would say. He said when the devil moves out, what it does is it gives God an opportunity to move in. He said so when he goes out, you have to let the Holy Spirit come in. You can't just leave it there. For if you repent of your sins and go on, then you're going to be worse off than ever. But get to the place that where Satan once lived and occupied. Isn't that a Isn't that a challenging thought that that if you just repent and go on that you're going to be worse off than you ever was. That takes away some people's doctrine. No, that's what Jesus was saying. If you don't get it inhabited with another spirit, then here comes that same spirit that left you with seven others and it'll make it worse off. But he said, "But get to a place where Satan once lived. Get it occupied. get it filled with the Holy Spirit of God and then you'll have the strength of God's word in you manifested. It'll cast out devils. You know, I think about that, brother Wesley. It makes me think of Abraham in the Old Testament when he when the Lord had called him and he told him, Abraham, get thee out of thy kindred and go into the place that I have have called you into a land that I will show you. You know, I thought it was always something that Abraham, that's why the Bible says his walk was a walk of faith is because Abraham did not know where this land was that God was leading him to. But God said, "Go into this land that I will show you." And Abraham, he begins on this walk and he starts walking by faith and he he's going into this place and he's listening to the promises that God had spoke to him. I will make thee a great nation and thy seed shall number the stars of the heaven and the sands of the sea. and I've called you away from this place and away from your family and out of this condition and I'm going to make you a great nation. He began to think of the the promises that God had given unto him and and as he starts on this journey, you know, he's wandering in the direction that God had sent him to. And in other words, it was just a general instruction that he was following. I I think it's just like us many times that we we get a conviction to come to the house of God or maybe somebody invited you to go to church and you know and said you know we're having a meeting or something you ought you ought to come and go to church with me and and then just like Abraham done we kind of wander in that direction and you know here we go here we go off well I you know I I don't know what it is but there's a conviction or something that's leading me to go in this direction and we start just wandering along in that direction just like Abraham was but while he was wandering along all of a sudden he comes to a certain place in his walk that God stops him in his tracks and he begins to speak to him again and he says to Abraham, he said, "Unto thy seed will I give this land." So, no longer was it a a land somewhere that I'm going to show you. No longer was it an unknown, but now it became a known to Abraham where God said, "This is the land that I will give you." And notice what Abraham done is when he identified that this was the possession that God had promised to him. The Bible said that Abraham built an altar in that land before God and he fell down and he be to worship the Lord. I thought, isn't it something to hear that as God appeared to him, he built an altar and he begin to worship and the Bible said and he removed from from unto a mountain east of Bethl and he put his tent there having Bethl on the west and high on the east and he built an altar under the Lord and he called upon the name of the Lord. Let me tell you what he did, brother Wesley, as he be to worship God. You know why? because he seen what his promise was and he begin to worship God. There's something in a man that causes him to build an altar. It it ain't out of greed. It ain't out of selfishness. The the what would cause him to stop and build an altar, brother Mark, and and take his hands and go to work and build something for the Lord. It was because something God was moving in his life and the promise had been identified. And you know what happened? As he began to worship the Lord and the spirit of the Lord came by and he began to minister to Abraham. He talked to Abraham and Abraham talked with God and he had a place of fellowship between him and God. It was a great time in Abraham's life. &gt;&gt; You know, finally he got to the place that that God had promised and finally he had found the this place that God had led him to and he finally could stand up and say, "This is it. This is where where God had brought me and my this is where I ought to establish my life and I'm going to build an altar before God right here. From now on, from this day forward, I must serve the Lord right in this place that God has sent me to in this land of promise. &gt;&gt; But it didn't take a few days. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says a famine came in to the land where Abraham was, in other words, that things as he got up from this altar, brother Mark, things hardships begin to come upon his life. His he couldn't take care of his family and it just felt like it felt like a famine. There wasn't no way uh uh to get over it. And so the Bible says, "And so Abraham continued on his journey to the south." &gt;&gt; I mean, I preached a message on this one time on on on on heading south and how that that many times when a person comes to an altar that when they leave the altar, you always wonder what direction are they going to go. Are they going to go on and serve the Lord? Are they going to go back out into the world? The Bible says he went down south and he came to the land of Egypt. But remember said what a thing it was. He was supposed to stay in that land, but he went down into Egypt. He went to souljourn to get out of the famine only because things was a little hard up in his country. I thought, isn't that the way it is? Every person that ever comes and dedicates their life to God and from this day forward, I will serve the Lord. As for me in my house, I'm going to serve the Lord, but just let a little hardship come by and see what happens. Let a little pressure from the job or pressure from the spouse or pressure from a family member or pressure from somebody or pressure from the devil comes on her life. This is what happened to Abraham. As things got a little hard, he said when it got a little hard, notice what happened. He went down into Egypt. And then when he got to Egypt, Abraham turned into the biggest liar in Egypt. He he told him that my wife is not my wife at all. She's my sister. I He's trying to keep himself out of trouble. He got into all kinds of mess down there. And then and then the Lord had to come by and plague Pharaoh because Abraham had told him this. And he took Sarah into the house of Pharaoh. and and he had purpose in his heart to take her as his own wife. And the Lord came to Pharaoh and said, "Don't touch her. She's the wife of my my son Abraham." And and God had to come and intervene in his life. And then then they kicked him out of Egypt. He had went through all of this mess because he wouldn't stay in the land that God had given him as a promise. I thought, "M Abraham, this great father of faith, the man of faith, I'm I may as well preach." He He was the great father of faith. But even Abraham had time to doubt God whenever whenever things got a little hard that it was easier to go to the land of Egypt and find some kind of a something in Egypt to sustain him and be able to satisfy his thirst and his hunger, brother Mark, because he couldn't wait and rely upon God in the land that God had sent him to. But even Abraham, just like us, he had hardship in his life. Brother said he done exactly what God told him not to do. But notice there's something about it. Even though he had done what God told him not to do, he said, "But yet the grace of God appeared unto him." Ain't that powerful? That the grace of God went into Pharaoh's house. It was the grace of God that brought dreams to Pharaoh and said, "Don't touch that woman." It was the grace of God that caused him to to give him cattle and land and and and everything to leave out of this place. It was the grace of God that appeared to him. He said, "And anybody that's willing to repent, the grace of God still goes for you, for the grace of God is searching you out." How many believe that this morning? If you find a person, it don't matter how far you've gone. I don't care how far away from God that you've made it or how far that you've ran. If you're willing to repent, the grace of God, it still goes for you. He said it's searching for you. It's been moving about your life. It the grace of God went down into the land of Egypt and it found the house of Pharaoh. Friends, let me tell you, if the grace of God can find the mind of Pharaoh sleeping in his bed and tell him to turn Abraham's wife loose, then what do you think the grace of God can do to your life? It don't matter what holds you. It don't matter where you found yourself or what bondage that you found yourself in, but the grace of God is good enough to bring you out. &gt;&gt; See, that's what it's the grace of God. It's searching for you. It don't matter if you're a backslider this morning. The grace of God is still looking for you. You may as well say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. He said, "If you'll just repent, God's grace is sufficient." &gt;&gt; He took Abraham, good old Abraham, and he brought him back. Remember Abraham, he wasn't saved by his works. He was saved by grace. But it was God that went to Egypt and he brought Abraham back. &gt;&gt; You see, many times, many of us, we have great experiences with God and great moves of God in our life, and before long, we think that's all it took. My we had a great revival and everybody was shouting, came to an altar, and my everything was good. I even went down to the river and received the baptism. But the prophet said, "But what is it that caused, think of this, this this great experience?" But then they find theirel right back into the world. Well, what causes it for a man to come to this place and find himself right back where he started. &gt;&gt; He said, "What is what caused this this misunderstanding?" The answer is experience. &gt;&gt; See, we have gone by experience and not the word. &gt;&gt; But I think it's time that we get away with experience as our measuring line. For there is only one plum line. And it's only one rod and that is the word of God. He said, "Now watch carefully and get this. A prophet takes two scriptures and ties them together. One was Acts 2:38 where Peter said,"Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." How many knows that scripture? &gt;&gt; But then he also takes Acts 19 and2 whenever Peter or or Paul asked the disciples, he said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe?" So in one place Peter said, "Repent and be baptized. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Paul asked, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe?" So see this is the whole problem right here is that people they they repent of their sins. They get baptized in water, but they don't go on and receive the Holy Ghost. Said, see, you have to believe under the receiving of the spirit. Let me let me just lay it out to you. This is the problem with most people. A matter of fact, almost every person that's ever tried to start a walk with God and they wind up backsliding or or Brother Mark, they wind up going back in the world, this is the very problem is they only come so far to a place that there's not something in their life that could hold them in that which they had faith. He said, see, so they get baptized in water, but they don't go on and receive the Holy Ghost. But you have to believe under the receiving of the spirit. See, because believing on Jesus is the step in the right direction, which is toward the Holy Ghost. But believing on Jesus, that's why Paul asked this question. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? This was believers. These were those that had been baptized. They had been baptized in water. They pronounced themselves as believers. But Paul challenged them. He said, "But have you yet received the Holy Ghost?" They said, "We didn't know that there that there was a such a thing as the Holy Ghost." He said, "See, so believing on Jesus is a step in the right direction, which is toward the Holy Ghost." But the people just stop there. They go as far as the water, then they stop. I don't I don't care where you put the stop at, but this is where this is where the trouble is is they go as far as the water and they stop. They go as far as believing and then they stop. They believe so much, then they stop. They they they they they go as far as coming to an altar, then they stop. They go as far as making a a mental commitment or or dedicating their life to God or maybe oh my but but but then they stop they just don't go on so far enough. See see but the Bible doesn't say that you receive when you believe but the Bible said have you received since you believed &gt;&gt; in other words can I just say that what in literal sense it means did you having previously believed received the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; Having already believed have you received the Holy Ghost? See, so people believe, but then they stop because they don't believe on into the Holy Ghost. This is an important teaching to the church. &gt;&gt; This is an answer. This is a this is something that'll help every young person that ever tries to make a commitment to serve God that you don't have to go back out into the world and be used up by the devil for 20 years of your life before that you could ever come on and serve God. But you can have the greatest testimony, a greater testimony than any alcoholic or any drug addict or anybody that's ever been addicted that came to the Lord. You can have a greater testimony than they ever have. You can say, "I receive the Holy Ghost as a young man and a young woman. And God has kept me from alcohol. He's kept me from drugs. He's kept me from prostitution." You can take a hold of the Holy Ghost this morning. And it's a keeper. &gt;&gt; It's an important teaching to the church. Said, "You don't have to receive or you don't receive the Holy Ghost when you believe unto him having repented, but you have to go on and receive the Holy Ghost." You see, that's what's wrong with the fundamentalists. They have no power for they stop short of that Pentecostal experience. &gt;&gt; They stopped short of this whole. You said, "Well, what do you do?" Can I just tell you what Abraham done? The Bible said, "And then Abraham, he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethl unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When he found himself in all of this mess after he had left the land that God had said, "This is your possession." But then he gets to this place. God, his grace comes by. He turns him back home. He says, "And he went back to the place where his tent had been at the beginning, right between Bethl and High. Right back to the very same place that he had met God before, the very same place that he had laid down on an altar and the and the place that he had had made a commitment to serve God. He had to go right back to where he was before in order to meet God there again." Friends, let me tell you something. That's where many need to go today. That's where many backsliding believers, I may as well just preach. Y'all can get after me later, but that's where many backsliding people need to find theirel this morning is back to the place that they had a revival in their heart and back to the place that there was joy in their salvation and back to the place that they had a real experience and had communion with God. He went back to where he met God, back to the land of promise to where to where God had spoke to him. And then something you realize that something had happened in his life, brother Mark. He had gone as far as he could go and he realized that I got to go back. And the Bible said, "And he went on his journeys from the south." Isn't that powerful? He went as far south as he was willing to go. And then something had to turn him around. The grace of God said, "This is as far south you can go." And he turned around and he went on his journey from the south. and turned his step in the right direction. &gt;&gt; I think it's time that we realize this morning that we've been heading in the wrong direction long enough. I wonder if there's somebody in your heart this morning say, "Brother Matt, I know you're talking to me, but I've been heading the wrong direction long enough." And I think it's time to turn my feet toward the toward the north and turn from the south and head back in the direction that God has called me to. &gt;&gt; I think it's time we turn our feet. &gt;&gt; You know, Brother Ram preached a message one time called Turning Northward. And in this message, if you haven't ever heard it, he takes the story of Israel in the book of Deuteronomy and he shows how that they came through this great revival. Remember they they had came across the Red Sea and they were heading into the promised land and they and he said they could have went right into that land, but something kept them from moving forward. &gt;&gt; They could have walked right into that land. He said they were thinking they were almost there. They were having a great jubilee, shouting and praising God, seeing what God had done for them. And he said it had been hard to make them believe at that point that they were 40 years away from that promise. They were having a revival. God just brought them out of Egypt. They had seen great miracles take place. You realize he said, "See, they they were a long way from the full promise that he had promised them." But you realize, brother Mark, they were in a revival that was caused by the grace of God. It was a Can I just call it like this this morning? It was a grace revival. It was the grace of God that had brought them out of Egypt. It was their children had been saved by grace. The grandchildren were saved by grace. The mamas were saved by grace. The daddies, the grace of God had came in and started this grace revival in the land of Egypt amongst the children of Israel. And it had brought them out of this place across the Red Sea. And all their all the their past had been buried in the sea. And my were they not having a great time with God. They were dancing and having a jubilee and they had tambourine up and down the banks of the river. Said, "See, because grace had provided them a great thing. It was grace that had brought that provided a Passover lamb. It pro it was grace that provided a prophet. It was grace that provided the angel or the pillar of fire. It was a Passover that lamb that was for their sin. It was a prophet as a instructor. It was a pillar of fire that would be their guide. But grace had provided everything for them. &gt;&gt; All that they had need of had been provided by grace. But in spite of all of that, you notice what they wanted? They wanted to be like the rest of the world. Here the grace of God had brought the greatest revival that had ever struck Israel or ever struck the world. Ain't nobody ever seen a revival like it was on the other side of the Red Sea. Here they were in a great revival, but brother Tom, they wanted to be like everybody else. He said, "And in spite of all that, they wanted a law instead." I thought, "M, that's about the way people are today. They have they have to have a law to I may as well preach it anyway." But people have to have a law to live by or they can't even serve God. You take away their legalism and they can't even be Christians. They can't they can't even serve God. You don't if you don't give them a border to live by and an instruction book to live by and this is how you dress and this is how you eat and this is what you can do today and this is what you can do tomorrow. If you don't give them a handbook to live by they can't even go on and serve God. They've been built up by well well I may as well preach. But they've been built up by so much legalism they can't serve God without a law. &gt;&gt; This is where Israel was. They had to have a oh friends let me just tell you I know many of you come out of situations like that. old legalist, old legalist mindset that that that you can't even serve God. It's all by your works that you're saved. I know sometimes they'll say you're saved by grace, but it has nothing to do with grace. Cuz if your works mess you up, then you're lost today and you're saved tomorrow. You're lost the next day and saved the next day, but it ain't got nothing to do with salvation. It ain't based on legalism and it ain't based on your works. It's based on the grace of God &gt;&gt; and your faith in that grace. take away, you know, the the people get so bound up by legalism, they don't even know that what it's like to have liberty to serve God. &gt;&gt; Remember said that it was grace that had provided them an escape out of Egypt before they had any law. I better get out of that before I get in trouble. &gt;&gt; Before they had any law, it was grace that provided them a way out. And then grace had provided them one of the greatest revivals they had ever seen. And in this revival, they had seen great powers of God. They seen the sunshine on them while the rest of the world was in darkness. In this revival, they seen the mighty hand of God deliver innocent people, bringing them from the bondage uh in deliverance. In this revival, they crossed over the Red Sea. They found their enemies dead behind them. Why would you want to add anything to that? &gt;&gt; But these people, they were only eight or 10 days away from the full promise of God if they would have just followed the leading of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Just a few days away from the full promise of God. If they would have just followed the leading. He said, "But the most fatal mistake, you want to hear it? The most fatal mistake that Israel ever made was in Exodus the 19th chapter." You can read about it. Bible said after after grace had provided them all these things, given them this great revival, but still yet they required a law. Isn't it something? Isn't that just the mind? It's it's human nature is to require a law to be held by and to be bound by. So they could have all these schools and theological trained ministers, all this and be like the rest of the people. That's what they wanted. that that that way they could have all that, but you know what it does? In other words, they could be like everybody else and just have something to argue about, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Well, we see that this way and y'all see it that way and they'll just have something to to fuss and go on about. He said, "See, just enough that they could have something to be to separate them from everybody else, to break up their fellowship and break up their brotherhood. See, if you make your laws and that that'll separate you from the other folks because their laws ain't going to be the same as yours." &gt;&gt; See, so it makes it separate. See, see, but instead of just going the way that God had it going, they would have been all right. But we always try to put our own ideas and their own inject our own ideas and theology into God's spirit. And it takes God's spirit away. That's the way it was in that day. And they're there, they they were on the road, but they wanted something they could do themselves. But through their fussing and carrying on, they found out that they drove the spirit of God away from them. And it was a great mistake. It was a great mistake when they done that. And it was a great mistake when we did the same thing. our fathers when the Holy Spirit first fell on Isuza Street, many parts of the world. If we would have just let it go on, the leading of the spirit and kept the world out of it and go on then to let the Holy Spirit lead, we would have done been in the promised land. &gt;&gt; Now, isn't that a powerful thought this morning? If the if the church would just let the Holy Spirit lead the church and people would just let the Holy Spirit I know that scares people when you start talking about what do you mean we would have done been in the promised land then what about us? You know, hear that maybe 60, 70 years ago. What about all of us? Can I just say this this morning just to ease your mind? But do you realize that anybody that ever belonged to God always belong to God and will be there in the end? &gt;&gt; Hello somebody. If you ever belong to God, you're always going to be there. And let me tell you, it don't matter whether I'm going to hurt somebody's doctrine here, but I'm going to say it anyway. It don't matter whether or not you ever breathe the breath of life in this body. You'll still be if you ever belong to God, you'll still be there on the other side. I don't care if you ever took a breath in this natural life. when you belong to God, you'd still be there on the other side. That's why he said we could have already been in the promised land and every one of us would have been there with him. &gt;&gt; Let me read that to you out the Bible. 1 Corinthians 15, Paul said there is a natural body and there's a spiritual body. He said, "See, the first man, Adam, was a living soul. The fir and the last Adam was a quickening spirit." He says, "So we have borne the image of the earthly and we shall bear the image of the heavenly." He talks about two bodies. Remember, he said, "But he said, but what were we first?" Let me ask you this. What were we first? Which came first? Was it the body or the seed? Paul's talking about two bodies. And here he says that that body has a seed in it that came from God in the beginning. &gt;&gt; So, but but let me ask you this. Was it did the seed come first or did the body come first? &gt;&gt; How many wants to answer it? Which came first, the body or the seed? I know because people say that, well, God put a seed in your body. I've heard people say that a bunch. You know, God placed a seed in you. Well, that's that's that that's true in a sense, but not in this body. God didn't place a seed in this body after this body came to the earth. But can I tell you what Paul said? He when he was answering the question of what I know, don't let me get on a tangent, but but the Lord I'm just going to go this way. But but but when when you when when they were asking the question of what body was raised in after the resurrection, what body we would be in, Paul said he says that when a seed goes into the ground, he says, look, when a seed goes in that, it was a body that God gave it and it goes into the ground and it don't come out of the ground in that same body that went into the ground in. He said, but that body is destroyed. It fades away, but it comes back and it manifests what God had had thought of it in the beginning. He said, "So it brings forth it brings forth grain or or wheat or whatever other grain it was." He said, "But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him. And he gives every seed his own body. &gt;&gt; And all flesh is not the same flesh. There's some of fish, some of beasts, some of fishes, some of birds. There's celestial bodies, there's terrestrial bodies. But we glory of a celestial is one, the glory of a terrestrial is the other." So here he's talking about there's an earthly body, there's a heavenly body, and then Paul says, "But God gave the seed the body that pleased God." So that means the seed was there before there was ever a body. He said God gave the seed. Somebody, somebody let that sink in this morning. But God gave the seed a body. God gave the seed a body. The seed was there first. It was something that was a part of God. It was in the mind of God. And God gave that a body. I don't care if it's a celestial body or if it's a terrestrial body. I don't care if they're walking on this earth or they never walked on this earth. I know it messes up some doctrine, but the reality is if you belong to God, you always belong to God. &gt;&gt; Said the body, see, some will go right into that body and that body is there. Now, how many believe that you have a theophony body, a celestial and a terrestrial, but said it's real genuine Christianity. He said those disciples, they were predestinated. They were ordained to eternal life. He said they couldn't explain it. They couldn't explain it no more than the rest of them. But there was something in them that had representation in heaven. That ought to make a a Methus want to shout. To think that there's something in you that's being represented in heaven. That's why Paul said there's a body that glor a celestial and a terrestrial. We glory in the one. He said we have borne the image of that earthly body. And one of these days we will bear the image of that heavenly body. We borne the image of the first man Adam that was made out of the flesh of the ground. But one day we'll bear the same image of that heavenly Adam that came in the man Jesus Christ and we'll be in that other body. &gt;&gt; You see, there was something in them that had representation in heaven. Ain't that wonderful? How many's got representation in heaven? There's something in you that has representation. That's what causes you to believe the word of God. That's what causes you to say amen to the word. When other people would hear the same word, it don't mean nothing to them. It don't move them. It don't cause them to want to serve God. But something in you causes you to want to serve God. What is it, brother Mark? It's your representation in heaven that you belong to God. &gt;&gt; Said a thought that God had of them before the foundation of the world. It manifested itself here. They were connected with God and was sure that God's promise was vindicated and there ain't nothing is going to change it from them. It's real genuine Christianity. &gt;&gt; When you belong to God, you already belong to God. Isn't that something? How many believes in eternal life? Amen. &gt;&gt; How many knows what the word eternal means? It means it never had a beginning and never had an ending. &gt;&gt; Is that something to think that God would grant to you eternal life? In other words, brother Mark, it's hard for us to understand that because we're finite beings and all everything that we think of in our human mind is origin and where this came from and it had to have a star and it had to be put together and it had but but but in reality that we were in the mind of God. God has always existed. It's something that we cannot understand with our natural mind. So rather than try to figure out how that there's always been a God and there and God has created this world and instead of trying to figure it out, just accept that you were in the mind of God before there was ever a world created. And when God made this world, he made this world for what you were in his mind to be able to walk in. He created the mountains for the mountain lovers. He created the oceans for the ocean lovers. He made it just to your liking because you were in the mind of God before God ever created a world. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; We were eternal. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we have eternal life. Everyone say eternal life. It means you always was. Somebody say that. You always was. &gt;&gt; See, you have eternal life. There's only one form of it, and that's God. You were his attribute. He thought of you and knowed you before the foundation of the world. That's why I would tell, you know, tell some little young ladies that maybe had had a miscarriage or a baby that wasn't born and they have so much struggle with it that you never have to worry about that one time. Do you realize that an unborn child has never had any sin outside of the sin that that that that we are that we are born in of a carnal conception that we are all born uh by by that sin? Outside of that sin, see a baby has no sin no more than it was born. We're all born in sin shaped in iniquity. But that sin that we were born in, it was Jesus died at Calvary and he took away the sins of the world. Therefore, the sin because of your birth as a child, as a baby, as an unborn child, that sin was taken away at Calvary when Jesus took away the sins of the world. So, therefore, there is no baby that has ever committed a sin until they come to the age of accountability because they it was taken away by Christ at Calvary. Isn't that something to think as a as a baby or an unborn baby or or or or or or a or a baby, a young baby that it has never had anything in its life. It has never sinned in any way because because Jesus took it away at Calvary. He said the baby could have been born. It might have died before it was born. May have been died before it came to accountability, but it it but Jesus already took its sins away. So, but after it gets old enough and commits sin, well, then you've got to confess your sin and be baptized for the remission of sins. But before you get to that age, there's no remission of sins because you've never committed a sin. &gt;&gt; Sister, you know what that means, brother Mark? You don't have to worry. That means that one of these days, and this may not mean something to everybody, but it means something to somebody. But one of these days when you get over to the other side, there's a young man or a young woman that's going to walk up to you and call you mama and call you daddy that you never met in this life. You'll spend eternity with loved ones that you never got to spend this life with. &gt;&gt; That's the gospel truth. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what Paul was talking about. It was a seed that was in God before you ever walked upon this earth. Before you were ever born in this world, they'd never committed sin. They never done no wrong. And you'll spend eternity. You ain't this the few uh moments in this life ain't nothing compared to eternity. &gt;&gt; Listen what he was preaching. The children of Israel, they had got into this place for all these years. They wandered around the wilderness, but finally God comes to Moses. Did I run out of time? &gt;&gt; Can I have a few more minutes? But when mo when God comes to Moses, he says, "Then we turned and we took our journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red Sea." And the Lord spake to me after we had compassed about Mount Seir for many days. &gt;&gt; In other words, they got out into this wilderness. They wandered around the wilderness for all these years. After many days, he said, "We surpassed about this mountain." And the Lord spake to me and said, "You have compassed this mountain long enough &gt;&gt; but turned you northward." See, there comes a time in your life. It was time to enter into the promise. &gt;&gt; The wilderness wandering was over. &gt;&gt; It was time to commit to God. It was time to submit to the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; But just like they think about it, just like they had a promise, so do we have a promise. &gt;&gt; See, the problem is, but too many are trying to put down roots in somebody else's promise. Cuz I love as God gives Moses these instructions that said, "You've been going around this mountain long enough, but it's time to go northward." &gt;&gt; In other words, it's time to walk into the land of promise. You you've been you've been pidding around here long enough, but it's time to go ahead and take your inheritance. But, you know, but I I find out many people that when they get to that place that that that they decide that it's time to go back. I think the problem is is that too many people are trying to put down roots in somebody else's promise. &gt;&gt; You know, I it's like a church I went to one time, they were getting prepared for the tribulation. And I I went in there and one of the young men's he took me back into the back room and they had what they call trip packs. I don't know if y'all ever seen one, but they're they're tribulation backpacks. They had a cool name for it. Trib packs. And so we went in there and he said, "Yeah, these are trip packs." Everybody had their name on it. I said, "Well, what's in there?" Had all kinds of stuff. Had gas masks, had MREs, ready to eat. It had had all all kinds of medicine, certain things. And everybody in the church had a backpack that they would carry during tribulation. I thought, "Man, I I you can do that all you want to, but it ain't for me." He goes, "Man, we can get you one right here." I said, "I don't need a tribulation pack because that ain't my promise." See, there are too many people trying to put down roots in somebody else's promise. That ain't my promise. That's what's happened with the world today is they built too many things in a land that is not theirs. They build up denominations to think that's our promise. Long as we have a great big church and and has a few million dollars and has great big buildings and have a has a big membership, then that's the promise that God has given to us. But that wasn't the promise that God gave to the church. That ain't our promise. If we can have a school and we can reform people and we can cause them to break off their addictions and all that. Well, that's wonderful to try to help somebody get rid of something and go through alcohol anonymous and all these things. But do you realize that ain't the promise that God has given to the church. &gt;&gt; That ain't our promise. &gt;&gt; He said, "See, but our promise is the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; Paul said it was an earnest of our inheritance. He said, "What told me?" He said, "Listen," he said, "What what?" This is what God told Israel. He said, "Command the people. You are to pass through the coast of your brethren, the children of Esau, which dwell at sea, and they'll be afraid of you. He said, but but take good heed of yourselves. Metal not with them, for I will not give you their land, not even one foot of it. So here God says, you've been going around this mountain long enough. It's time to turn northward and go inherit your promise. And then he says, and on your way, you're going to encounter some things. On this way, you're going to pass by Seir. And when you go by sear, I want you to know that that ain't your land. And not even one foot of it belongs to you. So don't meddle with them. Ignore what they have to say. And just keep going forward to your promise. No ma no matter what they say. He said, you know, you're going to be with them anyway. You're going to be in the world. And here's what God told him. He said, "Go ahead and buy something to drink. Go ahead and buy something to eat. Go ahead and be go ahead and, you know, make make sure you have provisions, but don't try to stay there. Don't try to possess the land. It don't belong to you. I've gave that to Esau for a possession. &gt;&gt; So carry on. &gt;&gt; How many knows what the name Seer means? &gt;&gt; It means a rough place. &gt;&gt; I wonder how many people that would that that go through rough places that you have passed. &gt;&gt; On this journey northward, how many rough places do you go through in your life? But I love the the the what what the Bible told them. God said, "But don't stop there. That ain't your possession. &gt;&gt; You may go through through some rough patches, &gt;&gt; but don't don't set up shop there. Don't put roots there because that ain't your land. Not even one foot of it, your land. You may be going through a rough place. He said, but then after they got past Seir, he said, you're going to come to the city of R. And I I want you to know when you get to the city of R. Don't distress because the Moabites, they're not they don't belong to you. That is the land I gave them as their possession. They are the children of Lot. And I gave the city of R. And that land to the children of Lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So don't try to take it. It ain't your land. They're going into your promise. Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't this something? God is walking them through this path before they ever get there, saying, "This is what you're going to encounter." You know what R means for the mark? It's a place. It's a city, which meant it was a place that had a watchtower. It was a place that had provisions. I It was a place that had plenty of food. It was a place that had lodging. It was a great city. You realize that sometimes that when you look at all of that had to offer, it seemed like it was a good place to stop. But God gives him a warning saying, "But don't stop there." That's right. &gt;&gt; You're going to come to a city. I thought, "My, isn't it something? When you come to a rough place, don't stop. When you come to where life is comfortable, don't stop. If it's good or whether it's bad, don't stop. It don't matter if you're poor or whether you're rich. Don't stop. It don't matter if it's comfort or it's discomfort. Don't stop short of the promise of God. If it's going good or if everything's falling apart, don't stop short of the promise of God." Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why Paul said, "I press toward the mark of the high calling of God." &gt;&gt; It's time we press into the promise &gt;&gt; that you said, "Well, brother man, where is the promise to the church?" Can I read it to you? &gt;&gt; Joel said, "It shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh." &gt;&gt; In Acts 2:39, Peter says, "For this promise is unto you and to your children." It's the promise of the Holy Ghost. You say, "Well, wasn't that just Israel unto you and to your children?" But Peter makes plain what Joel said even after Joel said it. He said, "But it's to them that are a far off, &gt;&gt; as many as the Lord our God shall call." So it wasn't just to Israel and it wasn't just to the sons of Israel, but it was to them that are a far off and as many as the Lord shall call. That means that we have a right this morning to press into our promise of God or to press into the Holy Ghost. Brother Martin, let me tell you this. That's the only time that you'll ever get to a place that that the devil can't get a hold of you no more is when you find this is what Jesus had promised to the church. When the spirit of truth shall come, he shall be your guide. When the spirit of truth shall come, he shall be your comfort. Let me tell you, that's why people live such lives that they can't just surrender to God. It's because the spirit of truth is not dwelling in the throne of their heart. Yes. &gt;&gt; But if you can realize it this morning that God has given us a promise, brother Mark, that promise is a token that's given to the believers. &gt;&gt; It's what'll take you through this land and bring you through the other side victorious. &gt;&gt; It's a token that that God has given to us by the blood of Jesus Christ. Just like they had a token in Egypt when they come out of Egypt and they put the blood on the door. And just like they had a token in Jericho when Rahab hung that scarlet cord out her window and all that was in her house has been saved. That same thing that you and I have today by the blood of Jesus Christ, we have a token that God has given to the church. And just as much as they were saved from it in Egypt and they were saved from it in Jericho, we are saved from that bloodbound uh covenant that God has given unto us for that. For said, see, he said they were saved each one of them and we are saved today. It's a bloodbound promise of God. The blood of Jesus Christ, Paul called it an everlasting covenant. He said, "And that bloodbound promise makes us free from sin and shame and different from the rest of the world." You don't have to dress different. Anybody can dress different. You have to be on the inside different. The life is on the inside. It ain't about dressing or wearing. The kingdom of God is not meat and drink or wearing apparel. It's the long suffering, goodness, greatness, gentleness, patience in the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; It's not about what you wear. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; That's what the legalist does. They make you a bunch of rules and as long as you dress like it and look like it and act like it, well then you're saved. And ain't never saved a single person. You'll be as lost as you ever was. You'll be the you'll be the most demonic field dressw wearing girl that there ever was outside of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; I don't care how long your dress is. &gt;&gt; How long your hair is, it ain't got nothing to do with it. He said that that the kingdom of God, can I read that again? The kingdom of God is not meat and drink or wearing of apparel. It's the long-suffering, goodness, gentleness, patience in the Holy Ghost. That is the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; And once you get into that, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; well then you're heaven bound. &gt;&gt; Once you get into that, well then you don't have to worry about people trying to dress holy and act holy. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; If you ever get people into that, you don't have to rule them with a a thumb and try to watch over them and go through their wardrobe and and stalk them on Facebook to see what they're all up to. You don't have to worry about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Once you get them to this, &gt;&gt; say the spirit of truth will lead you and guide you &gt;&gt; into all truth. You won't need no man coming by and making up a bunch of rules for you to live by. The spirit of truth will lead you and guide you. This is a promise Jesus gave to every man as many as the Lord our God shall call. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Said in them is the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; When there is a holy God on the throne of a human heart, then that's when a human heart expresses a life of holiness. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's not when you change your wardrobe. &gt;&gt; It's when the holy God is enthroned on a human heart. &gt;&gt; And then that holy God will begin to express outwardly an inward work that's been done. &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful? That's that's that's where the legalists have missed it because they made everybody saved by their works and then they all wind up right back where they came out of &gt;&gt; because they stopped there and they they they established themselves in a land that is not their land. &gt;&gt; That wasn't the promise. The promise was the Holy Ghost. because they stopped short of the Holy Ghost with them. They had to have legalism to rule over people. But really, what we need is people to go on in and possess the promise &gt;&gt; that God has given to the church. &gt;&gt; So, see, when God sits in the control tower of a human heart, &gt;&gt; then he can call you and he releases things out of your life. But let me tell you this, brother Mark, it wasn't just for the fathers, but it was also for the children. Is that what Joel said? &gt;&gt; Promise is not just for the fathers, but for the children. I thought, isn't that something? One day, Abraham's grandson, Jacob, &gt;&gt; he came to the very same place that Abraham was. &gt;&gt; The Bible says he said to Jacob, "Arise, go to Bethl and dwell there." Isn't that something? The same place that Abraham had met God and had this this great experience with God. The place that God had called Abraham back to, he says, "Jacob, go to this same place." &gt;&gt; And when and when Jacob come to the place, he said unto Jacob and his household, "Put away the strange gods that are among you and be clean and change your garments. Let us arise and go to Bethl. And he says, "Let us arise, go to Bethl, and make there an altar unto God who answered me in the day of my distress." Here Jacob in this great time of trouble, God says, "You go to the place that Abraham met me and I'll meet you there." &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; So, see, so he went to the same place that Abraham met said, "In the day which I went, and he gave orders to them, take away your strange gods, be clean, and change your garments. Let us arise and go to Methyl or Bethl." And they gave to Jacob all their strange gods that were in their hand and all their earrings which are in their ears. And Jacob hid them under an oak tree by Sheckchum. All the things, all the strange gods, all the things of worship, he hid them under an oak tree and they went, they built an altar in the same place Abraham did &gt;&gt; that he could commit his life back to God. Let me tell you this, friends. You may not have an oak tree to hide them under, but I tell you what we have. We have the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; He's given us a place to hide everything. every strange God, every thing that you built up in your life that was between you and God, anything that would stand in the way of you having a holy life said. And when he went to that place and he got there, brother Mark, and he built an altar, you know what happened? Just what God said would happen. The Bible said, "And God appeared unto Jacob." &gt;&gt; And God said unto him, "Thy name shall not be called Jacob anymore, but Israel shall be thy name." And he called his name Israel. Ain't that something? And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him, Bethl. I want the music players come this morning. &gt;&gt; Said the one, isn't it something? The one Jacob, the very man that his name was changed from Jacob to Israel. &gt;&gt; He got his experience at the same thing, same place that his father Abraham had got his experience. &gt;&gt; Isn't that something? He So Abraham, how many knows what Abraham was called in the Bible? The father of promise. &gt;&gt; He was the father of the promise. He was father Abraham. I thought, isn't it something that the that the that the children receive theirs at the same place that the fathers receive theirs? &gt;&gt; See, they they the same place the father had his experience, the children received their experience the same place. You say, "Well, who's the father of the promise?" I remember what the Bible said. Jesus said, "I send the promise of my father upon you. Terry in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high." Brother Mark, one day they went down there and they waited in that room. They terried, they prayed, they longed. &gt;&gt; And then the Bible says, "And then the spirit of God came into that place. The Holy Ghost and little licks of fire fell on every one of them. &gt;&gt; And they were filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; How many realize that's who they were? That was our fathers, &gt;&gt; our Pentecostal fathers. And just like Jacob was, whose name was changed to Israel, and he went right to that place of Bethl where the father of the promise had received his experience. That's what happened with the church today. We're the church of the living God. Remember what happened in this age? The prophet of God would come. Remember what the Bible said? He would come and turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of their fathers. So what was it was doing? It was cause us to look back to those Pentecostal fathers. So here we stand today just like Jacob was as the church that has been called out and been given a name change. No longer said, "No longer will I call you church, but now I will call you bride." So here we stand just like it was in the Bible. Brother Mark, it's the church that has received a name change. She's called the bride of Jesus Christ. And now she goes right to the same place that the fathers of the promise received their experience. And she receives her experience &gt;&gt; in an upper room &gt;&gt; in an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; It ain't in a church. It ain't in a denomination. It ain't putting a name above a door or signing your name on a membership book. But there ain't one place that you can ever meet God, and that's at the that's at the cross of Calvary. But Mark, it's an upper room experience. It's a by the word of God according to the word that you could have the same experience that they had. You say, "Well, where where is this place? It's a place that you would tar place that they prayed and waited upon the Lord." Abraham said, "You've got to do the same thing they did on the day of Pentecost. You've got to have the same experience. You got to have the same thing they had." &gt;&gt; God don't ever change his program. &gt;&gt; He don't change his ways. He just does the same thing all the time. Isn't that what the Bible said? Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; And if that's the way God done it back then, then isn't that the way God does it today? &gt;&gt; And he's called this church back to that place &gt;&gt; to have a real experience with God. And not just to stop in a revival. Not just to stop and say, "Well, I had a great move of God." Won't you stand to your feet this morning? I I had a great revival and I felt the spirit of God. Not just to stop there, but to believe on into the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Don't meddle and sear and don't meddle and are, but believe on into the Holy Ghost. See, if the Holy Spirit was the promise to those Pentecostal fathers, can I just say it like this? It was a promise to the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; He promised that you would receive power, that the spirit of truth would come. And by the grace of God, that great message of grace that we have received in this hour, for the market turned our hearts. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You realize that the message that you've heard in this hour was no different than the voice that Jacob heard when he was in his distress and he called unto the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. And he said, "I heard the voice of God say, Jacob, &gt;&gt; go to the place of Bethl &gt;&gt; where your fathers were. &gt;&gt; Go to the land that Abraham, the place where Abraham had built his altar, and I will meet you there." Realize that's the whole message. That's the the message of grace that we have heard in this hour. It was to call us to the place that our fathers had met God. to turn our hearts back to that place and say, "Go to this place. I will meet you there." Not in a great church or some man-made something, but the place where God meets his children. I wonder how many bow their heads this morning. Say, "Brother Matt, I maybe maybe maybe you maybe you've been compassing around this mountain for many days." Maybe you can say it like the Lord said to Moses, "Y'all passed around this mountain many days, but turned you northward northward." Say, "Brother Matt, you know, I've been passing about it. Seems like I've been going around in circles around." God bless you, brother. God bless you, brother. God bless you. I've been going around in circles. God bless you. Hands all over the building. Been going around this same mountain days. I just can't get past this one point or this one place. You know, it just seems like every time I start the journey, I get meddled up in something and something always pulling us aside. But I really want to come to this place. I want to receive the promise of God in my life. I want to be so sealed with the Holy Ghost that the devil wouldn't even know what to do with me. God bless you this morning. Let's just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a precious promise that you have given unto us today. Lord, knowing that within our own weakness, Lord, we could never possess. But Lord, I read your word this morning and hear that you said, "I will send the spirit of truth." The spirit of truth shall come to you. words, Lord, that would cause us to realize that it's not something that we had sought after, Lord, but it was something that sought after us, Lord. And then I read of Abraham and how that when he got into the land of Egypt and couldn't find a way out, but grace went to where he was and it called him back to the land that you gave him, Lord. how Jacob whenever you would call upon your name and in his hour of distress Lord but you would meet him and give him a place Lord an altar to go to that he could receive you Lord when I think on those things Lord I realize it's not in my own ability Lord it's just relying upon you and your grace in this hour and Lord I see hands around this building Lord that have been raised this morning God that have re that have lifted their hands to receive the grace of God. Lord, I pray that you could lead them, Lord. Lead them past every mountain, every valley, every city, Lord, that would be a distraction in their life, God, and bring them to the place of promise, Lord. Let them be so filled with the spirit of God, Lord. Let them believe on into the promise of God, Lord. Let the things of this world be cast out of their life. Lord, let such a life of holiness, Lord, be poured out of their life. Lord, we just thank you for it this morning. Lord, let us commit to you. Let us surrender to you this morning. We thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; I've been free. I've been delivered. Yes, I found joy. I found peace. Amazing grace and favor. And right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. And I said, "I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me." Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Yes, I've been changed. &gt;&gt; I've been changed. &gt;&gt; I've been healed. Yes, free and deliver. &gt;&gt; Yes, I found joy and peace. Amazing grace and favor. And right now is the moment. Today is the day I be changed. Yes, I'll be changed to be for your spirit came and changed me. Then I said, "I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you spirit came and changed me." Well, all my change. &gt;&gt; All my s &gt;&gt; All my sins. &gt;&gt; Yes. All my sins. &gt;&gt; They've been forgiven. Now there's no more chain. No more &gt;&gt; is all I have. This might be over and right now is the morning. Today is the day I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. And I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. But I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, all my chains, &gt;&gt; all my chains, &gt;&gt; all my king, &gt;&gt; all my &gt;&gt; Yes. All my sins, &gt;&gt; they been forgiven. Now there's no more chains. No more. Yes. For my past, it is finally over. Am I now? Let me testify that this morning. Yesterday is my day. I've been changed. Yes, I been changed. And I won't go back. I can't go back to the way. That means I can't go back to it. The devil can't bring it back up in my life because it's been in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Well, I I can't go back. I can't go back to Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Before your spirit came and changed me. Yes. All my shame. If you want somebody to their feet this morning, &gt;&gt; Yes. All my sins, &gt;&gt; they been forgiven. Now there's no more chains. Glory is all my chang. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Then I said, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way you used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Amen. Won't you give him a hand clap of praise this morning? Aren't you glad that God has a place to bring us to that you don't have to go back into the world again? Amen. Can we sing this? God is my everything. Amen. and he supplied all of our needs. Took every every trial that we face by the mark. He's given us the ability to overcome it. And you believe that this morning that we're saved by the grace of Jesus Christ. Our faith in the grace of God. That's what saves us. Not what church you go to. Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; Not what name you put on the door, but what God is living in your heart. &gt;&gt; That's what we believe this morning. How many believe that &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ, the Bible said his name was put above every name there was. There ain't but one name that there's one intercessor between man and God. And that is the man Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; That's the man that we follow. That's the man I've dedicated my life to. I've surrendered my heart to the man Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; And I believe the gospel. How many believe that this morning? How many say he's your everything? Well, God is my everything. God is where he's my &gt;&gt; Yes, he's my hope. &gt;&gt; He's my hope. &gt;&gt; He is my rock. Every time I say God is &gt;&gt; God is God is my everything. &gt;&gt; I know that God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; I say God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. Well, he's my &gt;&gt; He's my rock. God is real. I say God is God. Can you say it this morning? Heat. Heat. I say God is. Yes. My God is my everything. I say God is my everything. God is my everything. And he pick me up. I everything with God is my everything. He's my &gt;&gt; He's my He's my home. &gt;&gt; He's my rock. &gt;&gt; He's my rock. &gt;&gt; He's my God is my everything. See you everything this morning. How many know him as a healer this morning? Say, "He's my everything." If you know him as a savior, say, "He's my everything." If you know him as a deliverer, say, "He's my everything." If you know him as a mighty conqueror, somebody say, "He's my everything." This morning, God is my everything. Well, God is. &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; I say, God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. Well, he's my joy. &gt;&gt; He's my joy. &gt;&gt; I know he's my hope. &gt;&gt; He's my &gt;&gt; I know he's my God is my everything. One more time. God is my everything. God is my everything. in a we hallelujah. He deserves our worship. Brother Brandham said, "We was all trapped into it, but the bridegroom come to set us free &gt;&gt; and take away our shame." The prophet God said, "There's no evidence." What amazing grace. &gt;&gt; There's not even a smell or a trace that you ever done it in the first place. &gt;&gt; You're not guilty. &gt;&gt; Our He's our judge. He's our jury. And he's our attorney. And it's called Amazing Grace. How sweet the sound that saved the wretch like me. Aren't you thankful for the word of the Lord this morning? Go ahead and give the Lord a hand clap of praise once again. Change a little bit of a name. Don't you love him this morning? Let's just sing this course before we go. You enjoyed the word this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. No one knew how alone I was feeling. And the emptiness I've tried so hard. Oh, I said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears. I cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you shown on a hill called Calvary. There you purchase my redemption. You know his power set my Oh, I your precious blood and my sins are washed through all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There's been days that I felt you. Have you felt that way? Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray or the south, but I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. And no one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. supposed to be. Oh, I pray to face the problems of tomorrow. You know why? Knowing you are everything I'll ever be. I love me. Through your graious blood I f with my s all wash away all my s oh just lift your hands to me sing it with all your heart it's True. There's been days when I failed you. &gt;&gt; Lord, you know the many times I gone astray. Oh, but I heard your love is stronger than my own weakness. Aren't you thankful? And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you are other you are Heat. Heat. Your praes I wash all my sins are wash away. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Are you amazed? Won't you just bow your heads, Lord Jesus? &gt;&gt; Lord God, we thank you for your amazing grace. How sweet the sound this morning, Father. Lord, your word is draw nigh unto our hearts this morning. Let us know, Lord God. Lord, we've been at this mountain long enough. It's time to turn northward, Lord, laying aside every weight that so easily besets us. Father, we pray Lord God that you'll just anoint us Aresh one more time, Lord God. Lord, open our eyes, Lord. Let us know, Lord God, there's more for us here this morning that are against us, Father. Lord, your amazing grace is so real to us, Lord. It's by experience this morning, Lord God. We know how amazing your grace really is, Lord. Thankful for the message of the hour to come and elaborate on things Lord to let our open our eyes to understand. This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. I'm a pilgrim and a stranger Lord. Oh God, I pray Lord God that you'll help energize each and every one of our hearts and spirits this morning. Lord, that you'd give strength to our pastor this morning, Lord, as he brought such a a a wonderful service this morning sermon, Lord, Lord, that pierced our hearts. Let us know, Lord God, we've allowed these things to hinder us long enough. It's time to turn northward. There's promises laying ahead. There's joy laying ahead. Lord, help us this world, God, this morning. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. And the bride says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. It's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. Looking forward to our service Wednesday night. Let's sing. Of course, I sing something of God with us. Who are we that you would be mindful of us? God bless you this morning. You see, it's worth looking our way. We are free in ways that we never should be. Oh, sweet release of this grip of these chains. I can't just drain it from the way my heart no longer you alone to be glorified. Amen. The next is Jes God with us. Lord, you know our hearts don't deserve your glory. He show love we cannot afford like it just faded from the way my heart no long from all that is within me Christ for you alone to be glorified.
