################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-12 - Pastor Matt Morse The Walk of Grace  10-12-2025 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-12
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse| The Walk of Grace | 10-12-2025
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3Q_s9kDj5c
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Everybody [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. [Music] Let's all stand as well that Jesus sh for me way back. Oh, [Music] is the blood gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Oh, for it reaches through the high. Your smies and it flows to lowest of valley. Oh, is the blood that gives me strength from day to day. He will never lose his power. Oh, he s my come follow my fears and he dries all my tears. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. He will never lose his power. All glory reaches through the highs. Your smile [Music] and it flows to the lowest valley. It's the blood that gives me strength from day to day. He will never lose his power. Man, do you believe that this morning? Brother Dave, if you care to open the service of prayer for us. [Music] Well, amazing grace, how sweet [Music] the sound that save a rich like Well, I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind. But now I see. Will it was great. that taught my heart to fear. And it was great my fears relieve. And how graious that grace appear in the hour that I first believe it through me the stage I had already because [Music] well his grace has brought me safe thus far and his grace will leave behind. Oh well, it's amazing gra how sweet the sound that say the rich like me. [Music] Well, I once was lost, but now I found. I was blind, but now I see. And when we been there, [Music] bright shine begins a soul. I know we go to see God's grace. that we we first began. It wasn't me. Gra [Music] the rich like me when I once was lost but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. And you can be seated this morning. And I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I pray. Oh, and I'm free. Praise the Lord. I for more ch my soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, and I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. Oh Lord Jesus. [Music] It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. When I'm free, will praise the Lord. I'm free. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, change me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. How you and all the blood of Jesus. [Applause] The blood of Jesus. The blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. And I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. It washes might as well. There's healing in the blood of Jesus. There's healing in the blood of Jesus. There's healing in the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. Yeah, there's freedom in the blood of Jesus. There's freedom in the blood of Jesus. There's freedom in the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. We're singing. Oh, the blood of Jesus. With the blood of Jesus. With the blood of Jesus, it washes white as snow. Well, there's victory in the blood of Jesus. There's victory in the blood of Jesus. There's victory in the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. We're singing, "Oh, the blood of Jesus." With the blood of Jesus, will the blood of Jesus washes white as snow. How many you love the Lord this morning? [Music] Well, why would I worry when giants come calling my name? My God is my troules. [Music] will I wonder the power of creatures. [Music] My God is so much bigger than all of these things. I won't see you. I won't be good. Our God is faithful. His promises [Music] about you. It's time. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Now my enemy know that the battle is done. You are God stronger. the victory already won. He died for our ransom and rose up on the third day. My God is me. I won't be sh I won't be my God is faithful. His promise is true. Said I speak to the mountain. It's not true. [Applause] My God is bigger. Stronger, greater than you. There's no mountain too high and no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high and no to. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon to show. There is nothing that's impossible. I will be sh [Music] my God is his promises [Music] to mountain. Our [Music] God is bigger, better, stronger, gater. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Travis, go ahead. [Music] I've been held by the Savior. I feel far from above. [Music] I've been down to the river when I say prodal return. [Music] And all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God yesterday is gone. And all my sins are forgiven. And I've been washed by the blood. I'm no stranger to prison. I've worn shackles and chains, but I've been freed from evil. I'm not going back. I'll never be the same. And all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God yesterday's gone. And all my sins are forgiven. And I've been washed by the blood. [Music] I'm no stranger to the prisoner. I want shackles and chains. But I've been freed and delivered. I'm not going back. I'll never be the same. And all my hope is in Jesus. I thank God yesterday is gone. All my sins are forgiven and I've been washed by the blood. Let's sing that one more time. Sister Cara would come. My hope is in Jesus. I thank God my yesterday is gone. And all my sins are forgiven. And I've been washed by the blood. I want to give you one more hand clap of praise this morning. [Music] [Music] He wouldn't withhold from you a thing and you knew it. Perhaps that's why you [Music] see [Music] him there [Music] for your glory. Even when you told him to lay his eyes on the altar, you found out that he didn't love the promise more than. [Music] Even though he believed the Jude provide a real sin will ask the men not to trust him. [Music] There's a broken world around us quickly falling to see so loud we can hear you calling it so loud or are we just too proud to receive your mercies or to bring you glory? Even when you tell us to lay our eyes on the altar, will you find out that we don't love the promise more than you? Do we truly believe that you'll provide a real wea [Music] in your life that you keep holding? The desires of this world will keep you drowning. If you could only see God's gifts are greater than your needs or desires. He is your provider. Even when he tells us to lay our eyes on the altar, when we find a bride who doesn't love the promise for them, [Music] Lord, we truly believe that you'll provide a ramp. God, help me to completely trust you, Lord. I do. I do completely trust you. [Applause] [Music] When the valley is When the mountain is steep, when the body is weary, when we stumble and fall, when the choice is our heart. Oh, when we're battered and scar when we've spent our resources. And we've given our all in Jesus name we press on. [Music] Oh, in Jesus name we press on. Here alone with the prize clear before our eyes [Music] we find the strength to press Oh, [Music] when the choice is hard, when we're battered and scone, [Music] when we've spent our resources [Music] Oh Lord, we've given it all in Jesus name. We press on [Applause] in Jesus name we press on. Oh, [Music] Lord, with the bright clear before our eyes. Oh, we find the strength we will press on. Holy Lord with the price clear before our eyes. [Music] We find the strength we will press on. [Music] [Applause] till I'll throw up my hands, praise you again, and begin. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know it's not much. I'm nothing else for king. Except for a heart it sings hallelujah. Hallelu. I throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. All that I have is a highle. [Music] I know it's not much. I have nothing else made for a king for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I've got one spot. I've got just one move in my arms stretched wide. [Music] I will worship you [Music] till I throw my hands. Praise you again and again. All that I have is [Music] I [Music] know it's not Let's [Music] just all stand together. Hallelujah. [Music] Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. got a prayer request for my mom, Judy Reynolds. She's in a lot of pain with her back and you got a need upon your hearts this morning. I want you to just make it known to the author and finisher of our faith this morning. I know he's more than able to meet each and every one of our needs this morning. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just pray in your own way. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord, for such a time as this, Lord, that we could gather around with like precious faith, Lord, and join our licks of fire together, Lord, and worship the King of Kings, Lord. We just pray, Lord, that you'll come in just a special way, Lord. Anoint this service. Anoint the pastor to preach words of eternal life to the ears of your believers this morning, Father. Lord, we pray that you come, Lord, and anoint us aresh once again, Lord, for your glory and honor. Lord, we pray for this request, Lord. We pray for my mom, Lord, that you just intercede in her behalf. Touch her natural back, Lord. Give her strength in her body, Lord. Very need needful people here this morning, Lord. Hands all over this tabernacle, Lord. We pray Lord God that you'll come and anoint them aresh Lord with healing Lord as you said through the Malachi 4 Lord that Lord you anchored that covenant into Christ Jesus Lord it can slip it can't lie Lord and you said that you we are brought in between there and angels descending and ascending bringing down healing bringing down joy Lord here we are we're needful people this morning Lord send down those soft headed angels. Lord, anoint us aresh, Lord God, and give us exactly what each one of us have need of this morning is our prayer in Jesus Christ's wonderful name. Amen. [Music] My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. all of my days. Oh, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, [Applause] my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am will never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord. Can you just lift your hands as we invite the pastor come this morning praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your wonderful name. I sing for joy at the work of your glory. Ever I love you forever. I'm going to stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have. [Music] My Jesus my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days. I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. [Music] I cover [Music] my shame. Tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am. Oh, never cease to worship me. will shout. [Music] Praise to the King, mountains, and the seas will roll. At the sound of your wonderful name. Oh, I sing to joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I made in you. Let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Yes, my Lord. I surrender to the King. Let the worshippers arise. [Applause] Let the sons and daughters sing. [Music] Yes, I'm surrendering my all. Oh my Lord, I surrender to the king. Father, I see that you are drawing, light in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. How many can rise to a call to worship this morning? Yes, my Lord, I'm surrendering my all. Oh my Lord, I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. It's a song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From my heart there comes an anthem. How many has that song ringing from your heart this morning? Lord, this is my song. I sing to my king. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. [Applause] I'm surrendering my all my surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh yes, my lord. Let the sons and daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Yes, my Lord. I surrender to the King. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? I said, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Isn't he worthy of it? We're talking about the King of Kings. Amen. He's worthy of our praise. I mean, we are the stones. odd stones, every shaped stone that there was that was made that built Solomon's temple. But here we are today and we come in all shapes and sizes. But one thing those stones had in common, brother Marcus, they are lively stones. How many are alive? How many are alive this morning? We're lively stones built up a spiritual house to make a sacrifice unto God. I'm not a dead stone. I'm a lively stone made by God to worship my God. Amen. How many lively stones do we have here this morning? Amen. Man, you may as well be alive. I couldn't think of a better place to be alive. We're in the house of God. Amen. We come to worship the Lord. You love the Lord this morning. Somebody turn around and somebody say, "I'm a lively stone." Amen. Say it like you mean it. I'm a lively stone. Brother David, I'm a lively stone. Amen. I come to worship God. You love the Lord. Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Brother Bam said, "We expect God to do something for us." He said, "But he can't do nothing for us if we come in drooping around like somebody half dead." He said he wants a lively church. He wants members in there to be lively stones built up in the house of faith. So how many come expecting God to do something for them? I said how many come expecting God? Otherwise, why are you here? We come expecting God to do something for us. So if I'm expecting him to do something, I'm not going to droop around. I'm a lively stone. I'm built up to sacrifice unto my God. I want to find my place in the temple of God. Let every stone that has a breath praise ye the Lord. Let every voice cry out this morning. Amen. We love the Lord. You love the Lord this morning. I say he's wonderful. &gt;&gt; He's worthy of all the praise. Amen. Before we open the word, we just want to greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Welcome everybody in the house of the Lord. God bless you. God bless our visitors and uh church folk alike. All the home folk. Amen. We just love the Lord. Amen. just love to to come and gather in the word and maybe you have something on your heart want to remember our meetings that are coming up be praying about that. Uh brother Andrew he's at brother Fred Mullen's meeting this morning and uh and he'll be there Wednesday night to open our meeting up at 7 o'clock on Wednesday night. And so we're really looking forward to a real outpouring of the Holy Ghost. uh brother Jonathan Martin will be uh following brother Wayne Lawson, brother David Siler and so we we're looking forward to having a real uh time in the Lord. How many's looking forward to that? How many be fasting and praying for the meeting and we got two that'll pray. Thank you. God bless y'all. Y'all it'll be a big help if that woman prays that God's going to do something. How many will join Sister Sandy and brother David Paul. Amen. Be praying about the meetings. God bless y'all. Amen. And fasting. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I just I believe we ought to be prepared. &gt;&gt; Amen. Come expecting God to do great things. Amen. We don't make sacrifices just to uh just for no reason. I I expect the supernatural. Amen. One of these days it'll be the last meeting we ever have. Amen. And I expect it to be a great one. Amen. So, we just come in expectation of the Lord. How many come in expectation this morning? I believe that God is more than able to do abundantly more than we could ever ask or think. But if you have something on your heart, won't we just approach him before we read the word of God, ask him to come? Gracious heavenly father. Lord, we thank you for all that you do for us. Lord, we welcome you in this service this morning. God, we come as a body of believers. And Lord, we just ask you, Lord, that you would help us to put ourselves aside. And God, may you just come and pour your spirit out according to your word. God, may you anoint it Aresh, Lord. Bring it alive, Lord, that we'd leave this place being fed and edified and strengthened by the word of God, Lord. And may we know that we've been in your presence, Lord. We'll be careful to give you the glory for all that's done and said, we ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. We just want to invite you to the scripture this morning, uh, to the book of Joshua. We're going to read out of the first chapter and and uh in the first verse Joshua the first chapter and the first verse and we'll um try to uh we had started in on Wednesday night and and uh was really just really enjoy the presence of the Lord and and uh we we just want to be able to kind of uh go to the next phase of that this morning and we just trust the Lord knows all things. Amen. You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. In Joshua the first chapter in the first verse, Bible says, "Now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua, the son of Nun, Moses's minister, saying, Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore, arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel, and every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses. We'll just allow you to take your seats this morning. And I'd like to speak on on on the walk of grace. He said, "Every place they put their shall tread upon. that have I given unto you as I said to Moses the walk of grace this morning Wednesday night we had uh speaking on Lot being called out of Sodom and and remember how the angel had came in and uh and had called him uh to arise and take your family out of this place uh uh before that judgment would strike and you know if um and the angel had given a warning unto Lot and his family lest thou be consumed by judgment and of course we didn't get all the way through but we know according to the scripture that uh that they lingered there even after the warning of the angel that uh that they lingered. But it was the mercy of God that took them by the hand and led them out of destruction and out of judgment. I I always thought that's a wonderful thing because the Bible said he gave them a warning. He he told them they ought to leave. He told them judgment was coming, but because they lingered, the Bible says, "So the man took them by the hand and led them out of the city." I thought, "Isn't that something?" And it wasn't them getting a hold of mercy, but it was mercy that got a hold of them. And said, but in the time that judgment was going to strike, mercy took a hold of their hand and he brought them uh out of that place and led them past persecution and past death. And uh you know, the Bible tells us that that same thing uh uh would happen in this day. Jesus says, he said, "The same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all." And then Jesus said, "But even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed." So here he makes a prophecy of the end time in Luke 17:30 that in the day when the son of man is revealed uh the same thing that happened in the day of of Lot or the days of Sodom happened today there, you know, there was a question that was asked in the in questions and answers uh that that said, "Will the bride go through persecution like the early apostolic church did?" I love uh brother Bam according to the scripture. He said, "No, the next thing for the bride is the rapture." He said, "See, because we're at the promised land. We're at the border. You" He said, "See that that's where we are. We're we're at the we're we're at this place uh of coming out of this world. So, they won't go through persecution. She's not going to go through judgment. Uh but the next thing for the bride of Jesus Christ is is a rapture." And uh you know, you realize that he would say this at the revealing of the son of man. How many knows what that means? that the revealing of the son of man uh that that that uh that that they would come at that very day on that same day uh that they would that judgment would strike the earth. You remember when Jesus came I may as well just lay it in here but when Jesus came to the earth he came in three names. He came in the son of God, the son of man, and the son of David. He he's been called all three things. And so he was in three sons names. But but the son of man we we realize according to the scripture the son of man which which meant a prophet. Ezekiel was called a son of man. the the prophets of old were called the son of man. They had a son of man ministry as a prophet. And so uh but when he lived on the earth, you notice that Jesus never said, "I am the son of God." Everybody said that about him. The disciples said it. The council said it. Uh even the devil would say it. If thou be the son of God, then then then then uh uh do call this or call angels. When he was on the cross, he would say, "If thou be the son of God, take yourself off this cross." And uh during his trial, remember they would they would call him the son of God. But even when the high priest would ask him on trial, "Do you not say that you're the son of God?" And and Jesus Jesus immediately referred him to Daniel the 7th chapter to the uh to the vision of Daniel. He said, "You will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of divine power. He will come amongst the clouds of the heaven." So here, although he would say, "I am, but you will see the son of man." Notice that he's always referring to himself as the son of man. And uh even remember when the woman came to him, I'm just laying a foundation, but when the woman came to him and she was asking for healing, she said, "Thou son of David, have mercy on me." And the Bible says he wouldn't even respond to her, but he ignored her until finally she said, "Lord, have mercy upon me." And then he turned to her. See, because he wasn't in the office of son of David or in the office of of son of God. Although he came in all three of those. He was all three of those. He always has been and he always will be. But the office that he was in, he said he was as the son of man. Many called him that name. But whenever Jesus referred to himself, many times he would use this word, I am the son of man. Actually, the son of man is is mentioned in the New Testament 82 times. He says the son of man. The son of man. The son of man. So, so, so there was a the the importance of him was recognized in the ministry of Jesus while he was on the earth. He was a God prophet. Anybody know that? He was a God prophet. And because a prophet is one that brings the word, it was a restorer of the word that brought the word of the Lord to the people. And so here Jesus being that as a God prophet, he was known as the son of man just like the prophets of old were called son of man. Here Jesus was in this son of man ministry. And so that's the reason said that's the reason he could not be the son of God there because he was the son of man because Moses said the Lord your God shall raise up a prophet like an unto me. So because Moses made that and made that statement, God is going to raise up a prophet like an unto me. Then when Jesus came, that's why Jesus would call himself the son of man. It was not to to diminish his gift or to diminish who he was, but it was actually to positionally place him in that body of believers as this son of man ministry. And so this is so the because the word came to the prophets. He said he was the word. He was the fullness of the word. He was a son of man. He was a God prophet. He was the fullness of of the Godhead. Bodily dwelt in him. But then after he left the earth and now for the past 2,000 years that he has been known as the son of God, as the spirit of God that's moving amongst the church. So, so over these 2,000 years, brother Jarb, we've been experiencing that the world has been experiencing that same son of God here. He would he would come as the Holy Ghost of this Holy Spirit ministry. But then in the millennium, he would be the son of David that would sit up on the throne. uh o of the Jews. So, so, so he said, "We believe all the scriptures." So, then watch what Luke says or Jesus says in Luke. He said, "At the end of this church age that we're living in, the son of man would be revealed again in the same manner that it was in Sodom." In other words, he would come as in the same prophetic gift. He would be revealed again in the last days. And the and Jesus said in the same day that the son of man is revealed. You see what what that is? that same prophetic gift, that same uh uh that same God prophet, that same uh that same uh uh gift that came to the earth when it's revealed in the last days, then fire and brimstone would fall upon the earth. Now, it's important to know this that when Jesus said in that same day, that word day uh come from the Greek word hammer and in in context that Greek that Greek word actually means it's referring to a period of time. So when Jesus said in the day that the son of man is revealed, in that same day fire and brimstone fell or will fall upon the earth, he actually said in the days of Lot. And then he said in the day of the son of man, which is actually referring to a period of time. So he's showing us that in the day when that son of man ministry would be or the son of man would be revealed. There's coming another day, not just when he was on the earth, but there's coming a day that that that that son of man would be revealed unto the people. And in that same day, fire and judgment would fall upon the earth. Said, see, so what's next for the world? Whenever you see that present and you see it being revealed in this age, it shows us that the next thing to happen in this world is judgment. How many knows that? So the next thing we're going to see is judgment upon the earth. But before judgment strikes the earth, the Bible tells us that the bride must go in a rapture. So before there's ever judgment, before there's ever I think sometimes we just need a reminder that before anything strikes the earth, that the bride is going to be gone. The bride will be lifted. In Revelations 18, it said there will come judgment. There would come destruction. It would be the destruction of that Roman Catholicism system that was built up and and all of her daughters and that denominational spirit that has been ruling men and binding men away from the presence of the reality of a living God. and all of that would be judged and burned and destroyed underfoot. But the next time you see the bride of Jesus Christ uh uh in the Bible is in Revelations the 19th chapter when John said, "And I heard a a voice that was thundering out of heaven, a voice of a great multitude, and they were rejoicing saying, hallelujah, for the Lord God omnipotent reignth." You say, "What were they rejoicing about?" He said they cried out, "Let us be glad and rejoice for the and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife hath made herself ready." There's coming a day of rejoicing because the bride and the husband had be united in their home. When they were brought together and here he said they saw this, brother B said there ain't nothing that would be able to hinder it. There ain't nothing in the world that'll hinder the catching away of the bride of Jesus Christ. Can I just say that again? I know the devil don't like it. There ain't nothing in this world that can hinder the catching away of the bride of Jesus Christ. I know how the world is today. They don't believe in a rapture. They don't believe in in a moving of the spirit of God. They don't believe in a reality of God. They believe in a Bible that's a Bible of history. They believe in fairy tales and a fairy tale Jesus and a fairy tale God and a fairy tale gospel to make people feel good so they can feel like they're a part of something. But I believe that there's a real church that's a spiritual church that's been called out of denominationalism and called out of Leoa and into a place with God where the rapture of the church will take place and there ain't nothing going to hinder it. Brother said ain't nothing here we are in this lessian age. He said and in this condition I don't see anything that could hinder the church at this time the coming of the Lord Jesus outside the readiness of his church. &gt;&gt; And another place he said the Gentiles have been called out. How many knows that according to the Bible, the Gentiles have been called out, the bride is ready, and the rapture is at hand. It shows how close we are to living in a rapture time. &gt;&gt; We're living in a rapture age. How many believe that it's a time of exodus? That's why That's why it's so hard to get into the spirit because it's a time of exodus. That's why there's so much of a burden on the church. That's why it's such a fight to come in the house of God, brother Marah, and make an atmosphere where God can come and minister because it's a time of exodus and the burden has been has been built upon the church of the living God. What's Satan trying to do in this age? He's trying to press you down, where you can't break through, where you can't break free, where you can't get anywhere with God. He wants you so bound up by theology that you can know everything but don't know God. You can know every answer but don't know God. But friends, let me tell you, the spirit of God has came in this age to break down the bounds of Satan, the bondage of Satan, and allow people to have a relationship with God and with God alone. That means you don't have to go through me to get to God. You don't have to go through a prophet. You don't have to go through a priest. You don't have to go through no man. There ain't no mediator between a man and God except for the one man, Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; And he has made a way that you can have a relationship with God. &gt;&gt; It's a time of Exodus. That's why it's hard to break through. So pressured up and people are so burdened down. You know why the prophet said? Because the last plague that came upon Egypt was what? It was death. Before they exodus out of Egypt, the last plague was death. Said it'll be the same thing in this age. At the time of Exodus, the last plague that'll come upon the church. It won't be a natural death. It'll be a spiritual death. That's your Bible. &gt;&gt; It's a spiritual death that come upon the church. said now that because they're into this spiritual place, you know, can I just tell you where spiritual death comes from? &gt;&gt; I'll tell you cuz that spirit's here this morning. I want to put him in his place. I don't bow down to no devil. &gt;&gt; Spiritual death comes from rejecting the word of God. &gt;&gt; So when you hear the word and something on the inside of you rejects the word that God's speaking to you, it brings spiritual death to you. &gt;&gt; That's where spiritual death comes from. Says spiritual death in the church world, brother Mark here, it's come around this world and now people have lost their worship. They've lost their zeal to serve God. They've lost they don't know what it means. See, well, I I worship God. I might throw up my hands and all this and but it ain't about emotion. It's about spiritual worship. It's about getting to a place with God that you don't even know who you are and you forget your own name. That you can enter enter into a place with God, not just to feel good, but allow God to live on the inside of a human being and the old nature to be gone away and a new nature take its place. &gt;&gt; Then you can enter into a spiritual worship. enter in to the praise of God. But friends, let me tell you, the devil may be trying to put it out, but can I just say this freely this morning? God's church is a spiritual church. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; God's church is a spiritual church. Don't you never deny that. &gt;&gt; Wednesday, we were speaking or when Jesus about Jesus when he said that he would call to any man that would come after me, let him deny himself. Deny his own thoughts, deny his own feelings, deny his own mission, emotions. What's it mean to deny yourself? Said, "Let him deny himself and follow me." But that call, it goes beyond the flesh. It's a call to a spiritual walk. &gt;&gt; Said, "So deny himself and follow me." Not a not a flesh walk. Not a but a spiritual walk. If you never get a spiritual walk, right, you don't have to worry about the flesh. It follows after the spirit. &gt;&gt; It reflects after what's going on the inside. So here it's a spiritual walk. And that So here God is calling us to follow after the spirit of God. I love how Peter gives a proper response to that scripture. Jesus said, "If any man will come, let him come deny himself." Peter Peter gives this response in the book of Mark. He said, "Lord, we have left all and have followed thee." &gt;&gt; I wonder how many can answer like Peter did. &gt;&gt; Lord, I've left all and I How many's got that same answer? &gt;&gt; How many's got that testimony that Peter had? They could say that with an open heart and say, "Lord, I have left all and followed thee. I I know you made a call that any man that would come after deny himself and follow me. But I want you to know I've left all and I'm following you. That's the testimony that Peter had. &gt;&gt; Wasn't a bad place to be because Jesus answered him. He said, "I say to you, there's no man that has ever left a house or brother or sister or father or mother or wife or children or lands for my sake in the gospel." But he shall receive a hundfold in this time houses and brothers and sisters and mothers and children and lands with persecutions and in the world to come he shall receive eternal life. &gt;&gt; So following Jesus comes with an eternal reward. &gt;&gt; My isn't it wonderful? You see what it means to follow him. You say, "Brother Matt, what do I do?" You surrender to your own will &gt;&gt; and follow after him. &gt;&gt; You know, I found this to be true &gt;&gt; that you can either be used of God or you can be used of the devil. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's just a subtle truth. &gt;&gt; You can be used of God or you can be used of the devil. You say, "Well, how how is that?" But it's just whatever you surrender yourself to. How many how many knows that's true? You can surrender yourself to the devil. The devil can use you. He can make a wreck out of your life. He can he can turn you into all sorts of things, but you can take that same man and surrender him to God and God can use him. He can do the supernatural. He he he he can he can have strength to be able to lead and help and and and work and do the things of God. The same man that would lead people in destruction can lead people into lie just because he would surrender himself to the right thing. When you get Christ in your heart, you know what it means to have Christ in your heart? It's to have the Holy Spirit. Christ and the Holy Spirit are the same thing. &gt;&gt; Says to have Christ in your heart, what it is, it's that anointing. Christ in you is anointing you. But remember says, see, and when Christ has anointed you, then he can use you to do anything he wants to use you in because he's you're in the body and you're subject to whatever God wants to use you for. &gt;&gt; He can use you for any gift. He said he can lead you. He don't The Holy Spirit is a being. It's God. It's God in you. The person of God that's lit your entire being. It's changed you. And now you're a new creature. And now God can use you. &gt;&gt; Say, "You mean you mean God can use me?" I know this. I can read through the Bible. Well, I can find men all through the Bible that God led because they surrendered theirel to God. &gt;&gt; And I don't have to preach them all, but you know it's true. What was it that what was it that caused Elijah to go up Mount Carmel and challenge all those 450 prophets and say, "But if you're God, let the God thatth by fire be God." He was led of God to do that. What called Moses to go into Egypt and call the children of Israel out of Egypt? He was led of God. He was a man that was led of God. What caus what caused Noah to go out and build an ark and everybody make fun of him and dedicate his life to doing something that seemed so odd to the rest of the world because he was a man that was led of God? What caused Abraham to leave his family and sojourn in a strange country and walk into a land looking for a city that he never even could lay eyes on with his natural eye? But still yet he kept walking towards it because he was a man that was led of God. What caused Shamgar to go out and face a thousand Philistines with an ox code defending his family because he was a man that was led of God? What caused David to walk down in the into that valley of Elaw and stand before a giant that was far greater and didn't have the ability to destroy him because he was a man that was led of God. What caused Solomon to inhabit the the the throne of David when he was just a boy and didn't have the ability to lead the children of God? It was because he was a man led of God. It don't matter if they're old. It don't matter if they're young. It don't matter if they're equipped, if they're ready, if they're big, if they're little, if they're great or if they're small. If a man can surrender himself to God, God can use him to do great things. They are men that were led of God. I thought, my isn't it wonderful that God can use men? But let me tell you, my favorite one, it was Apostle Paul. You know why? Because whenever God started leading Paul, Paul wasn't nothing but a sinner. My Bible told me that Paul, he was on his way to Damascus. He was going to kill Christians. And while he was on his way to Damascus, Jesus met him on the road and changed his very desire. He he he didn't say he didn't take him to Damascus. You know, he still went to Damascus after Jesus met him. But the difference was when he went there, he went with a different purpose than he intended to go there in the first place. So here Paul, his desire, his desire to go there, it didn't change. She still went there, but his purpose for going there certainly changed after he met God. You know what that tells me? That God can lead a sinner. He even took a man that was a sinner and God led him. Ain't that ain't that what the Bible said? It said that whenever Paul, he was breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of God. He wanted to destroy them all. And Paul went to the the Paul went to the council and he desired letters to go to Damascus that he could kill the Christians or those that would call themselves disciples of Jesus. But then when he went down the road, all of a sudden Jesus met him there and he changed his purpose in his walk. His desire to go there didn't change, but the purpose changed and and the purpose of his desire changed. I thought it did something. Well, what caused Paul to want to go to Damascus in the first place? Let me tell you what it was. The Bible said there was a desire. Let me ask you this. Who put the desire in his heart to go there? Who put the desire, a sinner man, a a man that was a sinner that was killing Christians that God would put a desire in his heart to go to the very place that God was going to meet him. I wish I was an angel in heaven that day when God began to reveal his plan. Hey friend, we're we're going to bring one. He's going to lead the Gentile church. I know we've been with the Jews all along, but I'm turning from the Jew unto the Gentile, and now we're going to save this whole Gentile race. Lord, how are you going to do it? I'm going to send a prophet. I'm going to use this man. His name is Saul. You mean the man that's down there slaughtering your people. That's the one I'm going to use. I'm going to use him to be a prophet. I'm going to send him into the Gentile church. He's going to lead them out of that old spiritual condition and right into the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It was God that had a plan to use him. Well, how are you going to use him? Let me tell you what you do. You go over there. He sent a spirit. I I feel like preaching anyway. He sent a spirit down there. You put a desire in his heart to go to Damascus and you make his purpose so strong that that's what he'll do. And so there they went down and that desire struck his heart. And here Paul went down to the council. I've got to have a letter. I got a desire in my heart to go to Damascus and slaughter these Christians. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord. Well, how's that going to work? Let me tell you what I want. I can just see L the Lord just taking his plan and rolling out before the angel and you say, "Well, well, right, you're going to go right here. You're going to put a desire in his heart and you're going to bring him down the road to Damascus." And I'll tell you what y'all are going to do. You're going to go down that road and you're going to find the little lady with a basket and you're going to make her stop at the store and you go to the guy that's pushing the car and you break his wheel and make him stop on the side of the road and you go to the other one and you park him. That way whenever Paul gets to this very place right here, then I'm going to walk down and I'm going to meet him there. I I I got an appointment with him. I want to have some alone time and I'm going to change his heart. Let me tell you friends, if God can lead a man that's a sinner, then what about a son and a daughter of God? &gt;&gt; God leads his church. He can lead the children of God. &gt;&gt; Don't think God can't lead you. God led him down a path of salvation. &gt;&gt; See, it depends on what you surrender yourself to. &gt;&gt; Paul let the law use him. And what it did is it brought death. &gt;&gt; He surrendered himself to the law and it brought death. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But when he surrendered itself to grace, it brought life. &gt;&gt; Ain't that powerful? &gt;&gt; Is whatever you surrender to you, if you want to surrender to the devil, the devil will use you. If you want to surrender to the law, the law will use you. But if you want to surrender to grace, &gt;&gt; grace can use you. &gt;&gt; So see, God's calling us out of one thing into another. You realize that's what redemption takes. Redemption takes two parts. Abraham shows this in the paradoxes that see Joshua is a book. It's a book of redemption. The Old Testament Joshua we would have to consider it to be the book of redemption because in redemption has two parts. Anywhere anywhere redemption always has two parts. It's out of and into. &gt;&gt; God never calls you out and leaves you. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? So redemption has two parts. He's always bringing you out of one thing into another. So that's all that's an always. So So here, watch how God does this in the book of Ephesians of the Old Testament. That'd be a good title for the book of Joshua would be call it the book of Ephesians of the Old Testament. Can I can I can I tell you why? See, because the book of Joshua parallels the book of Ephesians. So, in the book of Ephesians, you you can see it very plainly in the book of Ephesians. You'll notice both books begin with this this same uh this same concept that they're bringing you out of one place and into another. That's what was happening in Joshua. Go he he said, "Now, after the death of Moses, my uh Moses, my servant, is dead. Therefore, arise and go over the Jordan, thou and all this people under the land which I give them. So, see, so he was called to bring them out of one place and into another. &gt;&gt; So, see, so watch what happened in the book of Ephesians. So, one in Joshua, it was Israel out of the wilderness into the into the the promised land. But in the book of Ephesians, it was the believer out of sin into their spiritual promise. Can I read it? Ephesians the 2 chapter, the first verse. And you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins. Wherein in times past you walked according to the course of the world, according to the prince of the power of the air. The spirit now workketh the children of disobedience, among whom you have all your had your conversation in times past and the lust of the flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and in the mind, and were of the nature of the children of wrath by others. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love wherewith he has loved us. Even when you were dead in sins, he quickened us together with Christ. And by grace now you are saved. And he hath raised us up together. Watch this book of Joshua. He has raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. So not only did he call you out of sin, but then he led you into this place of grace. He said he raised us up together to sit in heavenly places with Christ. So he called him out of one place entering into another. It's a perfect parallel. Watch. even their inheritance that they received. Watch the the book of Joshua. The inheritance was a physical land. It it was a a promise of God in the book of Ephesians. Ephesians 1:10, it says, "But the dispensation of the fullness of time might gathered together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are in earth, even in him." So, he's showing that God is bringing us to a place in whom also we have obtained our inheritance. So, book of Joshua, it's taking them to to their inheritance. The book of Ephesians, it's taking us right into our inheritance. You see, you see it again in their battle. Whenever the the book of Joshua, they went into battle, uh it was a struggle. It was to conquer a physical land and a a physical war, isn't it something though that although it it was a rightful place, he says, see, but the believers, they had to fight against these spiritual forces in order to claim their inheritance in Christ. So just like they had to go in and fight for it. Just we had to do the same thing. We we have an inheritance. Then then there's a warfare. So they they fought a natural battle to receive their inheritance. What's Paul say? Ephesians the 6th chapter. He said, "We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers and the rulers of darkness uh against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take on the whole armor of God." So here in Joshua, they were equipping them to go into battle to receive their inheritance. And now in the book of Ephesians, Paul is equipping the church to go into battle, to receive their inheritance. So all the way through you you find this to be a perfect parallel even even that the Holy the Holy Spirit today is a type of Joshua. That's why you've heard that that that that Joshua was a type of the Holy Ghost. He said, "Because that's what God has sent to the church to bring you into this place, into this promised place or into this this land of inheritance." But it's our it's our rightful place. It's our it's our rightful position. And although I thought, isn't it Isn't it something that although it was promised to them, but still yet they had to fight to obtain it? &gt;&gt; Did you notice that in Joshua? It was promised to them, but when the spies went over and looked at the land, they said, "There's big giants in the land. We can't we can't take that." But but then there was a couple that said Joshua and Caleb said we can go over there and take it out because the word of God says we can say see and so when Joshua went over it they had to go into battle even though it was rightfully theirs. It belonged to them but still yet they had to go into battle in order to obtain it. I thought that's the same way with a believer in the book of Ephesians here. We're called to be spiritual overcomers and we're called to sit in heavenly places with Christ Jesus. But Paul would say, "But put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in that evil day, having done all to stand. Stand therefore." Says, "So even in this age, God has given us a place spiritually to be as believers." But you have to fight to be able to get it. Don't you realize it's a struggle. You say, "Why is it such a fight to come to church?" It's because God has a place for you to be spiritually, and Satan don't want you to get it. So it may be your inheritance, but it's a battle. It's a battle in the morning. It's a battle in the It's a battle at night. It's a battle at church. It's a battle at home. It's a battle at work. It's a battle wherever you are. It's a battle to get into the place spiritually &gt;&gt; that God has called you to be in. &gt;&gt; Said it's a rightful place, but we still fight it. You see the parallel. Ephesians parallels Joshua. So, see, here God, he calling us to our place, our our spiritual place, and we're fighting to get through it. So, see, but notice here it watch the the other part in in the process of redemption. So there's three stages to Israel's journey. It was coming out of Egypt, going in the wilderness, entering into the promised land. &gt;&gt; So there's three stages of their journey. But watch the parallel. The same thing in the Christian experience. Justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. I don't have time to teach on them all, but you know that. But but so here's the three stages of grace. It's a perfect type to their walk with God in the natural is a perfect type with ours. In the spiritual, I love the direction that brother Bam takes this. He says, "See, here we find Joshua was representing grace or some propitiation that it could not exist in the same time that the law was in existence." Can I have just a minute here? Is everybody awake? I I just take a minute because I really think it it would help you. He said, "But but but grace," he said, "See, he Joshua represented grace, but he could not exist at the same time that the law was in existence." But that ain't just with Joshua. But it's the same way with any message. You realize that it doesn't matter what the message is. Any message that forwards the people of God on, it will never coincide with a previous message. If it's sent to forward the people, but said, "That's why there's trouble today." He said, "Cuz you can't put new wine into old bottles." You know why that was? Them old animal skin bottles that they put wine in and the wine when you put wine in it. Wine has to take a while to ferment. And you put it in that old bottle and the old bottle is stiff and dry and it been torred up and it don't it it ain't it ain't uh uh oiled up or it can stretch. you don't have the ability to stretch it. And if you put new wine in it, as the wine begins to ferment, it just explodes the bottle and it ruins the wine. So Jesus said, you can't put new wine in old bottles. So, so there had to come something that was a fresh bottle. They had to come something that was freshly oiled that would be able to accept this new wine. So he said that's why he said that you couldn't have both at the same time. He said see you can't put new wine in old bottles. said that Joshua so Joshua could not come he he could not come into his ministry until after Moses was gone. Isn't that something? But do you realize that even though he didn't come into his ministry but but still yet that that that uh he was there all the time all from the very beginning you think about this he said from the very first verse he said Moses my servant is dead now arise and take this people into the promised land. So see Moses which represented the law he had served his time. He said the law had served its time. &gt;&gt; But then whenever he called Joshua, watch what happened. Do you realize that before God called Joshua that grace was actually there first? Kind of late. It's Sunday morning. &gt;&gt; You realize there was grace there before there was ever a law. Said it was already grace. It started with grace to begin with. Before they had law, there was grace. So grace came first. That's that's why when they were in Egypt, there was no law in Egypt. It was just grace. It it was grace that that provided a prophet to come and lead them out of Egypt. It was grace that provided an atonement, a a sacrificial lamb. It was grace that put blood on the door. It was grace that sent a pillar of fire to call them out of Egypt. So grace was there all along. &gt;&gt; But then they but they came out. They had an atonement. It had been provided before there was ever a law. But say grace was before the law, during the law, and after the law. Grace has always been there. &gt;&gt; There's always been grace. said, "But Joshua, excuse me, &gt;&gt; brother." &gt;&gt; Joshua representing grace was right along with the law, &gt;&gt; but it could not be enforced as long as the law was in its proper place. &gt;&gt; So grace was there, but grace couldn't be enforced. Isn't that powerful? &gt;&gt; So grace has always been here. &gt;&gt; Said, but it couldn't be enforced because you were holding a law &gt;&gt; and it kept grace from being able to be enforced. That's a powerful message. says, "So grace couldn't couldn't come to its place because the law was in its place." She says, "So the church world in this last day, it's come along. It's played its part." Said, "But there's a coming a time it must cease. It's got because there's got to be an Ephesians of this journey just as there was in every other journey." &gt;&gt; So since the law, you think about it, since the law could never, it could never save a sinner, the promised land, it represented a day of grace. The law would never save them. So here they were walking to this place or to this promise said and Moses couldn't take a minute of that because now Moses represented he represented the law and we of course of course course we study this in the scripture you realize it actually uh it perfectly types the three stages of grace justification sanctification baptism of the holy ghost but said see because here they were it was three stages of their journey first it was a preparation by faith they had to and you see what I mean they had to go out into the wilderness they had to leave their homeland they they didn't just get to Egypt they had always been in Egypt they were born in Egypt they raised in Egypt. That's all they knew. So, they had to they had to uh prepare by faith to be able to leave the taskmaster knowing that they were going to get killed or they'd be beaten or or or be I wonder how many putting in their place would be able to go along with it. I don't know about this. I just I just do the bricks and and and build the corners is all I do. And then and then I eat and I go home with my family. I don't want to get involved in all that. After all, that you know that that'd be tyranny or something or or you know that that I wouldn't want to be a part of that. And so so they had to prepare by faith in order to go to this place. And so under that sacrificial lamb then the second place. So here they they got prepared that that by faith and what they did is they slayed a lamb and they put the lamb on the door that when the death angel would come that that it would save all of those that were in Egypt. So see so when they put the blood on the door and preparing by faith they were covered under the blood. &gt;&gt; And then whenever they left they crossed the Red Sea and went out into the wilderness. said, "See, and they it was a type of separation. It represented another stage in their journey, just like you and I." First, they came under the blood, by faith. Isn't it something? That's what you have to do. You have to accept it by faith. You're a sinner. You're lost. You got all these things on your life. And you have to just accept the blood of Jesus by faith, thinking that that blood is going to save you. And that blood is going to wipe away your sin, knowing that your memory don't ever get rid of it, that the law don't ever get rid of it. You can go back and read it. It's always still there. You can go find a paper that still says you did it. You can find a courthouse that still says you did it. But you have to accept by faith this law of God that over that supersedes this law of the flesh that says that by grace I've been saved. See, so they had to accept by faith that that blood on their door was enough to get them past judgment. It ain't something that they can know without having faith. They only could accept. Are you Are you with me? I'm laying it down on purpose. You You have to accept it by faith that that law is good enough for me. said, "So, first they had to accept that by faith." And they had to prepare by faith. That's why whenever you come to an altar and you repent, you say, "What are you doing? You're preparing by faith that the blood of Jesus is good enough to cover your sins. &gt;&gt; It sure ain't good enough to get it out of your wife's mind or your friends or your or your parents sometimes because they remember that stuff, but it's good enough to cover it in the mind of God." &gt;&gt; Say, "So, we have to by faith." said first they had to come to this place and prepare themselves by faith to enter into this walk of grace. They're preparing themselves by faith. Then the next thing they did watch it Egypt. They went to the uh Red Sea and they crossed over said what was it? They went down and it's just like you and I. We go down to the water and we're baptized in the water which is a sign of the old man uh uh dying and the new man being born. Says see now they went through the blood and they went through the water. So see now he said they're baptized. They repented. They were baptized. They come out and they walk in a new life, in a new land, in a newness journey among a new people and the hand of God is upon you. But then they finally come to a place in this walk. They went through the blood. They went through the water just like you and I said, but then they come to the place in their walk that they were not satisfied with their walk of grace. &gt;&gt; They came through this place in their walk. Went through the blood, went through the water, but they weren't satisfied with their walk of grace. He said, "And all of a sudden they thought they have to do something else that they could save themselves." &gt;&gt; See, justification is an act of grace. Sanctification is an act of grace. So, but because they weren't satisfied with their walk of grace, they desired something more. But remember, that's where people are today. And no matter what the work of grace is, whether it be divine healing or any other work of grace, he said people feel like today that there's something that you have to do. Said, "But there's nothing you have to do but believe. just believe God. &gt;&gt; Isn't that something? You realize that the children of Israel could have continued right into the promise, but they weren't satisfied in the walk of grace. &gt;&gt; So, they thought there was something more they had to do. They wanted to they had to have a church and they had to have somebody over them and they had to have a law to live by and they had they had to have all that. So, they they demanded it of God. Said they could have walked right in the promise because the promise wasn't given to them under the law. How many knows that the promise was given to them under under grace? It came from Abraham. It was an unconditional promise that would lead them into that land. The promise didn't require the law. They required the law. &gt;&gt; He said, "Therefore, they got to this place." He said, "Before they could go to the promise, they decided there was something they have to do theirel." That's the Bible. They decided there was something they had to do their yourself. He said, "We still find human beings today doing that same thing. There's got to be something else that I have to do. That that that the blood and the water, it wasn't enough. This walk of grace isn't enough. There's got to be more that I have to do. I got to beat the altar before I can get saved. I got to have this great sensation before I can praise God and worship. I got to have all this before I can get to this place with God. I got I got to get rid of my tobacco before before I can get saved. You know, I had a lady we invited to church the other day to come to the meeting. She said, "Well, I I I can't remember exactly how she said it, but well, I can't come to the meeting because I don't have no dress. So, I can't go out there to y'all's meeting because you got to wear a dress to go to the meeting." I said, "I don't know who told you that lie, but you just come on to the meeting." &gt;&gt; I know what God does when he gets a hold of people. You just come on to the meeting. Are you kidding me? See, that's just the mind of people that they built. There's something I have to do. But this ain't something you do, friends. If you took off pants and put on a dress, it don't mean nothing anyhow. If you can took all the makeup off your face, it don't mean nothing to God anyhow. Anything you do don't matter to nothing. Only thing that matters is what God does with you. said, "So, we need to get to a place with God that God can do something with you and God can lead you and God can dress you and God can equip you and God can use you." &gt;&gt; See, it's it's the mind of people today. What do I have to do to be saved? What do I have to do to be right? What I It ain't what you have to do. Isn't that preached so backwards in this world? It's such a it's such a legalistic mindset that that that that people put that on people that they feel like they got to do that to get to God. Just get to God and let God take care of the rest of it. &gt;&gt; However you can, just get to God. Whatever it takes, just get to God &gt;&gt; and then let God lead you. &gt;&gt; That's the way I believe it. &gt;&gt; Said, "See, we find out we're human beings. We feel like there's still something we have to do." He said, "We feel like we've got to do something in it also." He said, "But there ain't but one thing you have to do. That's surrender to your own will and the will and the idea of almighty God. Let it come into you and then it's finished. That's all there is. just take his promise and nothing else and walk by it and God does the rest of it. &gt;&gt; Ain't that wonderful? Don't that make the the load so much lighter. I just I just surrender to the will of God. Let God I've been trying to kick this habit for so long. I just can't get rid of it. I I I I've tried to beat it off me. I've tried to pray it off of me. I tried to drown it off of me. I tried to burn it off of me. I tried to do everything I can to get rid of it. And I just can't seem to get rid of it. But friends, it ain't up to you to do it. Just get to God and let God go to working on you. See, &gt;&gt; just surrender to God and let God do the rest of it. &gt;&gt; Walk by it and then God does the rest. Said that's what they wanted. They wanted a law. Said, you know what God gave them? He gave them the desire of their heart. &gt;&gt; And he gave them a law. And you know what that law became? It became a thorn in their flesh the rest of their walk until the day of Jesus when he came on the cross of Calvary. The law was a thorn in the flesh of Israel because they desired a law. He said, "But see you, anything you try to do within yourself," he said, "It'll always work to your dishonor. It'll always be a disadvantage, but you must just simply believe God, &gt;&gt; and that settles it." &gt;&gt; Isn't that wonderful this morning? No matter what the promise is, just believe God. &gt;&gt; He said, "I am the Lord thy God that health all thy diseases." Just believe God. He said, "If there's any among you, let them call the elders of the church. Just believe God. Lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Just believe God. The works that I do shall you do also. Just believe God. Friends, I don't care what the promise is or answer ought to be. I just believe God. If it's a promise of healing, I say I believe God. If it's a promise of salvation, I believe God. If it's a promise of deliverance, I believe God. If it's a promise of eternal life, I believe God. If it's a promise of the rapture, I believe God. &gt;&gt; Believe God and let God take care of the rest of it. Amen. &gt;&gt; In every generation, God's people, they're looking for a promise. I'm about to close. As they're looking for a promise, you notice in Abraham, what he was looking for a city, Moses, they were looking for a promised land, a land that was flowing with milk and honey. In the days of the Jews, they were looking for the son of David to be restored to the throne of Israel. But even in our generation, we're looking for something, too. &gt;&gt; You look around the church world, they're all calling for something. They post it on all the social media. They all what they're looking for. They're trying to bring churches together and and man, we we're looking for a great revival in the land. And we're looking we're looking for a healing campaign. We're looking we're looking for this. We're looking for more more people in the church. All this coming together trying to trying to to please everybody and have this great revival. You realize that's what that's why there's so many letdowns is when you is because you get to a place in your walk that you're looking for the wrong thing. And if you're looking for something that don't belong to you, then you're always let down. If you was looking to come to church this morning, can I just be Can I just be real? If you're looking to come to church this morning and get a million dollar check, you'd always be disappointed because you ain't never going to walk in and get a million dollar check. So, if you're looking for the wrong thing, you're always disappointed. So, when you come to try to serve God and you try to have this walk of this walk of grace, many of you started many times down this pathway, but you're trying to serve God and you're looking to get the wrong thing out of God, &gt;&gt; and you never get it. And then you always leave disappointed &gt;&gt; because you're not looking for what is rightfully yours, &gt;&gt; not looking for the right thing. So, see, because they're they're looking for it. So, they're always disappointed because they're looking for the wrong thing. But said, but I'm not looking for revival in our generation. He said, I'm looking for the coming of the Lord &gt;&gt; in our gener. Isn't that something, brother Mark? Therefore, you don't ever have to leave disappointed because we're looking for the coming of the Lord. So every day is another day that I take a a step in this walk of grace saying it ain't going to be it ain't going to be a few more days that are filled with trouble. There's going to be turmoil. There's going to be trials. There's going to be burden. There's going to be pressure. But I'm looking for the coming of the Lord. I'm going to have some letd downs. I'm going to have some people that are up and some people that are down. Some people that are pulling and some people that won't. But you know what? One thing, one of these days, the grace of God, the heavens will open and the bride of Jesus Christ will rapture off of this earth. I'm looking for the coming of the Lord. Therefore, I'm never disappointed in my walk cuz I'm looking for that ultimate victory. I'm not looking for riches. I'm not looking for cars. I'm not looking for lands. We're not looking for houses. That ain't what we're looking for. So, if our job fails and so let it be. If people fail, so let it be. Cuz we're looking for the coming of the Lord. Everything fails around us, let it be. We're looking for the coming of the Lord. &gt;&gt; See, when you're looking for the right thing, you're never disappointed &gt;&gt; because our eye is on the right thing. Friends, that's our promise. That's what we're walking toward. That's why we have a church. That's why there's such revival. That's our purpose. &gt;&gt; Don't lose sight of it. &gt;&gt; We're looking for the coming of the Lord. That's the purpose of our church &gt;&gt; is to prepare for the coming of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Not to build a church, not to build a name, not to build a ministry, not to not to be somebody. If we wanted to be somebody, we wouldn't have a church in Black Rockck. We'd pick a big city &gt;&gt; where there was a bunch of people that could come to it, &gt;&gt; but instead we just want to be in the will of God &gt;&gt; and get our hearts prepared for the coming of the Lord &gt;&gt; to arise and take a hold of the promises of God. It's a walk of grace. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a walk of grace. &gt;&gt; Can I close with this? &gt;&gt; Listen, we're preaching out of Ephesians. &gt;&gt; Paul said, "Henceforth, since we're walking on this walk, walk not as other Gentiles walk." Ephesians 5'8, he said, "Walk as children of the light." &gt;&gt; See, our walk with God, do you know what Paul's actually speaking of in this portion of scripture? He's actually speaking of our spiritual growth. And and he shows this that our spiritual growth which is the maturing of a believer he shows that maturing is a progression in your walk. I think that's so powerful. &gt;&gt; Says so you say well how do I walk with God and how do I get further in my walk with God? Paul actually shows us in Ephesians 5 that our that our maturing in the in the word and maturing in the gospel is you progressing in your walk. &gt;&gt; So every time you mature a little bit that's taking another step. You're progressing in your walk. He says, "See, but but in the walk," Paul warns. He said, "But even as believers," he says, "but don't walk as other Gentiles walk." Isn't that something that that here in the church, we're all on that same walk of grace. He said, "But don't walk as other Gentiles walk because if you take the steps they take or take, you're not walking in progress, but you're actually regressing." &gt;&gt; And so Paul says there's steps of progress and then then there are steps of regress. And then Paul lays it out here, the steps of regression. You know what that means? The steps of regression. It means to no longer walk back or forward, but now you're walking backward. Says, see, so Paul said here, we're in this walk of grace and we should be we should be walking and progressing and maturing in the word, but somehow that Satan comes in and he gets a he gets a way into your life through somebody or some voice or or or or some website or something. and he finds a way into your life and all of a sudden while you're on this walk and you're taking a step something halts you on your walk and you may stand for a little bit and you entertain him and then while you're standing there you have a decision. This is what Paul's talking about. You can either take a step forward or you can take a step backward and Paul's showing how that the Gentiles he said their walk is not a walk of progress but their walk is an actually a walk of regress. And he shows the steps that it takes to go backwards. How many wants to know what they are? He says, "See, because they walk in the vanity over in the vanity of their own mind. They think that in their mind it's smarter than the gospel. It's smarter than the supernatural. It's smarter than spiritual things." He said in the vanity of their mind that they reason. They they they try to figure the whole Bible out, but with some kind of logical explanation or something like that over the spirit of God moving. But you realize that spiritual things, brother Mark, they're not carnally discerned. Everything you believe is based on faith. If you couldn't believe in the resurrection, if you was trying to use your logic or reasoning, how can you believe a man could raise up from the dead? How could he destroy a temple and in three days build it up again? If was using the reasoning of a human mind, you could never believe in the resurrection. You could never believe in creation that a god could come down and take dirt out of the earth and breathe into it and make it a living soul and form a body out of it. Our logic don't allow it. Reason don't allow it. But our faith allows us to believe the spiritual things of God. &gt;&gt; Paul said, "Don't walk in the vanity of your own mind because you can't even see the things of God from a carnal mind. It takes a spiritual mind to see the things of God." &gt;&gt; Says, "So it ain't debated and fear." My Can you imagine going down and trying to explain to somebody Jesus saying, "Lazarus, come forth and a dead man come wobbling out of a grave with grave clothes on." Can you imagine me taking this water and dumping it out of this bottle and it turning into wine? Why you can't? There's no reason to explain it. &gt;&gt; Said, but it has to be. He said, so don't don't don't use the vanity of your mind. He said, because they walk after the vanity of their mind, then their understanding is darkened. See, now there's no light in their walk. They can't see truth. And because they can't see truth, they become ignorant to truth. I'm going right backwards through the scripture. So through ignorance or their lack of understanding, he said, now they become alienated with God. So they started this walk &gt;&gt; and the vanity of the mind put a halt on my walk &gt;&gt; and then all of a sudden I start taking a few steps backward. I don't know about y'all but &gt;&gt; how many you don't have to raise your hand but we've all been there. &gt;&gt; Take a few steps backward. It's the truth. Regressing don't even know why you're regressing. It's just the vanity of the mind before long. He said then they become alienated from God. Isn't that the truth? They become estranged or withdrawn, separated from God to where they they don't even have a communion. There's no fellowship. They become completely alienated with God. They're not they're not moved by the spirit of God anymore. &gt;&gt; They're alienated from God. God can't speak to them. They get into this place of bondage. You say, "Well, what got them there?" It was because of the path they walked down. &gt;&gt; And Paul says, "But don't take this path. Don't go down the path of regress. the musicians want to come said these aren't the steps that we ought to take as a believer as a born again Christian don't walk backwards but walk forward &gt;&gt; don't take the path of regress &gt;&gt; but take the path of progress &gt;&gt; friends let me tell you if you've heard if you've heard of Christ Paul said then when you hear of Christ you may be walking this way &gt;&gt; step by step going backwards they aren't big steps you ever notice that when a person comes to the Lord a lot of times it's a big step they it's drastic things change in their life. It's a great outpouring of the Holy Ghost. Drastic things happen. It's a great big step that they take forward. They go be baptized. All their friends see it. It's posted on on social media. I gave my heart to God. It's a great big step. &gt;&gt; But the step backwards is never as big as the steps forward. &gt;&gt; They're always just small. Just some little step, little thoughts. And said Paul said it come from the vanity of our mind. &gt;&gt; Just little steps. Isn't it so easy? little steps back. &gt;&gt; I I don't know about all that anyway. You know, &gt;&gt; after all, I've been believing the rapture for a long time. And &gt;&gt; here we are 60, 70 years down the road. Rapture still ain't the church is still here. Still the same struggle, the same trials, the same problems. And people are acting worse now than they ever did. People used to love one another. They used to go to church and tell people they loved them, put their arm around them, and there was such a unity. Now it just seems like every man's after himself. People become so selfish. I don't even think there is any love of God left. It's just small steps through the vanity of our mind. &gt;&gt; Paul said, "But don't walk this path. &gt;&gt; Don't walk the path of regress, &gt;&gt; but walk the path of progress." &gt;&gt; See, how do you do it? He said when they met Jesus, &gt;&gt; see sometimes you realize that you realize that when Paul was walking down the road to Damascus, it was not a forward walk. I mean, he may have been walking that he was actually he was further and further away from God. He didn't even know it. He was going out killing Christians. But whenever Jesus met him, so even even if you're going backwards, someplace in this road that Christ comes to everyone, he said, "I've never lost a one." And some place in this road, he comes down &gt;&gt; and the spirit of God, it softens our heart. What was some old hard thing, and begins to deal with our heart, says, "Don't don't give up on me. Don't you you know, you you've heard this. Maybe it was a long time ago. Maybe you heard somebody say you was just a little boy and you you wanted to have a a walk with God, a real experience with God and you made a you made a commitment. Things happened in your life. Maybe your family let you down. Your dad, your mom, they all let you down. It caused you to go into this kind of place. He said, "But then when he would meet him, Paul said, then you can put off the former conversation of the old man and all that corruption according to all these deceitful lust." But when you met Jesus, be renewed in the spirit of your mind. So, every thought that was planted, I'm going I'm going to be honest with you. Every thought that was planted, it come from a devil, but every thought that was planted, it was renewed. Renew the spirit of your mind. Isn't that wonderful that God every single seed that was planted that Satan put there that in just a moment in the presence of almighty God that all them seeds are washed away. &gt;&gt; Just to take them out. I I don't want to let the devil take root in their mind. He said because so we're renewed in the spirit of our mind. All of a sudden there's a refreshing comes. He said then you put on the new man which after God has created in righteousness and true holiness and all that old man that you put you've been building up on you all those old garments you've been built garments of hate and garments of malice and garments of of all this this these evil things. But now you replace it with a garment of holiness &gt;&gt; and a garment of praise and a garment of worship and a a garment of the spirit of God. He said, "Now you put on the new man." Isn't that wonderful? You can you can clothe yourself in the new man which after God has created in true holiness. Paul says, "So don't you never give place to the devil." &gt;&gt; So even every believer, do you realize every believer? He said he he can come in just a few moments. He can start you back down that path again. Just a few moments and don't ever somebody say it. Don't give place to the devil. &gt;&gt; Don't give him no places. You want to stand to your feet. Let me tell you why, Sister Destiny. Because we're not walking with the devil. We're walking with God. &gt;&gt; It ain't our relationship with the devil. It just it's so it's so bad sometimes. People share their testimony. seems like their whole testimony, everything they tell you about their life is is their relationship between them and the devil. Well, I struggle with this and I struggle with that and I can't get over with this and man, I said this, I shouldn't have done that. It's all everything they tell you is their relationship. You and the devil got quite a relationship. That's all you ever talk about. But how about your relationship between you and God? And God spoke to me this morning. He put a He put a zeal in my heart. He put a refreshing. He he he done something. And he he he caused me to walk close to him. You realize you can walk so close to God that the world can't even have no effect on you. Noah's family was saved because he walked with God. &gt;&gt; Enoch raptured because he walked with God. You know what that tells me? Whenever you walk with God that your family is saved and you're on your way to a rapture. That's what it tells you. That your family is saved. You're on the way to a rapture. It's a walk of grace, friends. Don't try to put nothing else in it. It's a walk of grace. It It ain't a walk of law. It ain't It ain't a walk of legalism. It's a walk of grace. It ain't nothing you can do. It's what God does. You said, "How do I walk down this walk of grace?" Just surrender to God and let God lead you every step of the way. Quit trying to fix yourself and put on all these old outward garments to try to be somebody in the gospel and just surrender to God and let God work on you from the inside out. Why is there so much trouble? I wonder if you want to bow your heads this morning. If you could say, "Brother, man, I know." God bless you, brother, sister. Lord bless you. I know. I know that I've I found myself in that place. I've struggled. I recognize my struggle is because I try to do things myself. I try. It's because our flesh. I I I I try to do this to be to be worthy and and and then because I I have a bad day or some bad thought in my mind, well then I can't I have so much condemnation, I can't even come to church and praise the Lord. It it it's caused me to go down a bad path. I never could be good enough on my own. But I wonder how many this morning if you say, "Brother man, I while I have an opportunity while the spirit of God is moving in this building, maybe I could just surrender to the spirit of the grace of God." I don't want to surrender to the law, friends. I'm not asking you to surrender to a church, not to surrender to a pa a pastor or I'm asking you to surrender to the grace of God. Say, "Lord, I need your grace in my life. I I I don't know how I got into this place, but I can't even seem to pray to get back to where I used to be. Just seems like the devil's done taken that out of my life. And he's told me I I that's the last time I'll ever be there. It already happened. I'll never be able to go back to that place again. Friends, let me tell you, that's the vanity of your mind to walk you backwards right into a trap. But friends, let me tell you what the devil don't know is on that road that God is going to meet you there. And I believe that this morning. I believe he's met every one of you in this place to say, "Here is the grace of Jesus Christ." And he's met you on this walk and says, "But would you would you just surrender to the to the walk of grace? Surrender to the grace of Jesus Christ." Let's just pray this morning. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you for your spirit here this morning, God, to see you dealing with our hearts. And Lord, knowing that only your word can do it, Lord, you said that your word was a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of our heart, God. And we believe that this morning, God, I've seen you move and speak. Lord, spirits that have been broken this morning just at the preaching of the word, God, these demonic powers, Lord, if people could could see with a natural eye what's taking place in the spirit realm, these demonic powers, Lord, that would destroy the children of God. But Lord, here sons and daughters of God, Lord, that you've called, Lord, they belong to you, Lord. They were with you before the foundation of the world. Lord, every devil in hell is against them coming to their place in grace. But Lord, I just ask you this morning, Lord, that you'd be so merciful. Lord, that the very angel, the spirit of God that was in the the house of lot that day would take them by the hand, say before destruction would ever fall upon this place, Lord, let the hand of mercy lead us out. God, may you take us by the hand and lead us to a path of safety. Lord, we thank you for it this morning, God. May you pour your spirit upon each one, Lord. They may they find grace in your sight, Lord. May you be merciful unto them, God. May we draw closer to you, Lord. We love you. We thank you for all you do for us, Lord. You never fail us. You're such a merciful God, Lord, just to stand in your presence, Lord. How humbling it is, God, to know that you're moving in our midst, Lord. You're speaking to your children, God. How we thank you. We love you, Lord, this morning. [Music] Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; I'd rather be healed. [Music] untold. I'd rather have Jesus &gt;&gt; than houses or lands. I would rather be led by his name. Oh, I would rather have Jesus [Music] than silver or gold. I'd rather be he than riches. I'm told I would rather have Jesus than housees of land. I would rather be led by his name [Music] than to be a king of a vast domain and behave in sin dress Yes, I would rather have Jesus than anything [Music] that this world afford today. I say I would rather have Jesus worldly applause. I would rather be faithful. How many can say that this to his dear cause? Well, I would rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. I would ra be true is holy holy to me again [Music] in sing [Music] Yes, I would rather have Jesus than anything that this world affords. Can you sing it again? Than to be a king. I say that to be a king of a vast name and behious way. Yes, I would rather have Jesus than anything [Music] that this world affords today. Oh, I would rather have Jesus than anything that this world affords today. [Music] Well, you can lock me up in a prison [Music] and throw away the key. You can take away the vision [Music] that these eyes that now I see. You can deprive me. [Music] My hand. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I can see [Music] what [Music] is [Music] [Applause] [Music] worthy. to live. I'm free to all cross. [Music] [Music] The crowd understand this one day by night the king would leave his throne. Just to put on the robe of an earthly man and feel the pain of flesh of common flesh and bone. Holding to walk down [Music] the ra to dark calary. [Music] All but the blood that Jesus shed. He signed my pardon. He said that I could still go free. And I say that I I can see go free. Tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand and do this for me. [Music] I'm so unworthy to live yet not fit to kill. But a man on the cross. He wrote my name in his will and said that I could steal free. Well, I never could cry. You ever just thought about it? Understand this one thing. Why the King of Kings would leave his throne? Just to put on this whole filthy robe of an earthly man and feel the pain of common flesh and bone. to later walk down that lonely path. Then to dark [Music] those blood red stains, they broke all of my chains. And now I I can still go free, that I say that I can still. How many's free this morning? Won't somebody just praise the Lord and then I say, "What kind of man?" Thank you, Lord. Won't somebody just tell him, "Lord, I thank you. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I once was bound, but now I'm free. Yes, my Lord, I was so unworthy to live. Yet I'm not fear to kill, but then a man on the cross. He wrote my name in his will and said that I can still go free that I know a man on the cross. He wrote my name in his will and said that I can still [Music] free [Music] [Applause] [Music] a man on the cross. He wrote my name in his will. He pinned it in his own blood. and said that I can steal for free. Amen. If you're free this morning, won't you give him a hand clap of praise? Lord, I thank you for the blood that you shed on Calvar's cross. I thank you for the words of eternal life. I I thank you for leading me down the path of the walk of grace. He's an awesome God this morning. Do you love the Lord? Amen. And how many's looking forward to having a meeting? &gt;&gt; I'm I'm just ready for a meeting. Ready for the outpouring of the spirit of God. Amen. Well, how many's How many's going to pray? You said you going to pray, get ready for meeting &gt;&gt; all that. We just look forward to that. That's the most important thing. Amen. Just love the Lord. Amen. Second most important thing is we got to get the tent ready. Hallelujah. We can't have a meeting if we don't have anything in there to have it with. Amen. So, we're going to have some come out this afternoon and put the platform up and try to run lights and electrical and all that stuff and start moving things out. Some of the sound equipment, get the walls and everything on the tent. Also, I think the brothers planned on having some fellowship after that. So, I should have led with that, shouldn't I? As soon as you can get back, brother, we'll be here all day. Um, so be asked what time. So, whenever you go eat lunch, There'll be somebody here. I'm gonna grab lunch and come right back. So, if feel free to come out and help. I think some of the sisters were doing other things. So, we help doing with the fellowship and all that. But just get with my wife because I know they were and Lori, they were kind of organizing that. So, get with them if you I hate somebody come out, didn't have nothing to do, and then they feel like they waste their gas and time. So, get with them before you come. But as far as the brothers, y'all just come on. Amen. We got something for everybody to do. So, don't we, brother Joe? Yeah. You got You got the list. Not You don't have the list. Amen. Brother Joe's going to delegate. Give us all something to do. Amen. God bless you for that. Amen. Your your face is red as Destiny's hair right now. Amen. We're going to have a good time, ain't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. Just look forward to that. So, uh yeah, if you want to come out and fellowship after that. So, however long it takes us, then I think there's going to fellowship afterwards. So, feel free to stick around, just get ready for the meeting. We'll be out here tomorrow afternoon, Tuesday afternoon. So, if you can't come out today and you'd like to come, there's going to be something every day to do. I think the chairs be here s Tuesday. Chairs will be here Tuesday. So, we'll try to get all that set up. So anyway, we just just look forward if you have a house that's available for somebody to stay in uh that has a room, please send me a text um that you have a room and who can stay in the room as in a family can stay there, a family with small children, a family without small children, please be specific, a family, a single men, single ladies, send me what can stay at your house because we have a lot of people coming in don't have place to maybe some that didn't have place to stay yet. Some was asking. So if you have that, just send me a text. So we we if that's needed and you'd like to offer it, we'll just during the meeting. So we just we we we're hosting the meeting. So looking forward to it. Amen. So let's just bow our heads together. Amen. Brother Elen, would you close us in a word of prayer this morning? Dear heavenly father, we thank you for the message that was brought to us. We thank you for the message that was brought to our age. Bless everyone as they go about their way. We pray all this in Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you as you go. Well, there's a happy land of promise over in the great beyond the [Music] sing [Music] got a new uh as all of y'all know it's October. Today is actually pastor appreciation day. So we have presented a little gift here for brother Matt and sister Sarah this time. [Music] Just give her a minute to get up here. as the calendar today is the day for this day. Excuse me. As y'all know, every day is Pastor Appreciation Day. We wouldn't be here today if the Lord didn't give this man burning on his heart for something to do for this community. &gt;&gt; So, we just want to Little thanks to these two. [Music] Without him doing this, we wouldn't be here today. And he couldn't be this without his lovely wife being side to side. It takes both of them to do this job. There's a lot of hours that goes in that as a church body, we don't even know. It's not just an 8 to 5 job. It's a 24hour 365 days a week. He's got to do this in the middle of the night 2 3:00 in the morning. Somebody wants to call got a problem family. He's got to be here to do that job. Just a little thanks to him for giving us time to the Lord. The Sunday school got a little [Music] [Music] Jackson. [Music] [Music] We gave them the option just to do one card. They said, "No, we want to do each of our own card. [Music] [Music] And this would be just presenting to the church. This would be thank you. That's turn it over by the map. [Music] [Applause] Thank you, brother Morgan. I sure appreciate that. I didn't didn't expect that. I forgot it was October. I'm ready by the tip meeting. I sure love all of y'all. And I just say that it's a it's an honor to serve you. I mean that with all my heart. The I give I give my life for any one of you. I love you. I love your families, children. They they mean the world to me. I I do my best to to express that. I know sometimes it may not sound like it. I I don't mean to be mean to people. Sometimes you just sound that way. That's not my heart. My heart is to help you and help you get further along and that God blesses you and your family and every part of your life. I don't want to see anybody fail. I want to see you be the best that you can be. And that's really my heart. And God bless you. I sure thank you for allowing me to be your pastor. And I sure appreciate [Music] appreciate you all. Appreciate my wife for serving. And I remember after we started this work, we was we lived over in Black Rockck and we had I don't know, we baptized 15 or so people. Sister Megan where she was the first first one came out the first day and got baptized and she'll never know what that meant to me. going through such a a battle to follow the leading of the Lord and and so many different people pulling you different directions and I can't explain how that how that that felt and try, you know, just having to follow the Lord. But we had our little service that morning and Sister Megan, her husband, came in and she she came in and gave her heart to the Lord. She's been here ever since. It's the uh first first convert in our our church and it's been a real blessing and a testimony. But when we got home that day, we were after the baptism, my wife was in there and we were praying. She getting ready to go to bed and she just started crying after a little bit. I said, "What's the matter?" And she said, "I just want to thank you for giving me a purpose." I thought here to, you know, go through our whole life looking for our purpose in our life with God and to find that there's there's nothing greater to to know what that is. I've I I chased everything to find that. But whenever you find something you know is just the Lord, then you then you just you could just surrender to it. And we sure appreciate you and allowing us to pastor you. and I appreciate you overlooking my failures and mistakes and and and allowing me to grow in this office and I pray God will bless each one of you. Love every one of you. There's so many I could go down the whole list. I'd love to take all day and tell about what every one of you mean to me because you all do. Every person, there's something that you've done that's impacted my life. And I thank you all for doing that. I thank y'all for being real believers and Christians that I can look up to and model my life after. So, I say God bless you. God bless y'all this morning. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Take [Music] Make you [Music] break you you [Music] see me. I'm so happy [Music] you [Music]
