################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - Pastor Matt Morse 1-21-26 PM - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-18
Title:    Pastor Matt Morse |  | 1-21-26 PM
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3_nR8YFTM4
========================================

Description:
Wednesday Night Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, let's all stand and sing that chorus again now. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and oh, see how great, oh, how great his all. Oh, can you lift your hands and sing it again now? Oh, sing it. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, oh, how great is our God, all name above all names. for Jesus name above all. Oh, he's worthy of every praise. You're worthy of all praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How great his arms. Oh, he's the name above every name now. Oh, for Jesus, name of all things. Lord, you are worthy of all our praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Yes. Say with me, how great and all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, why don't you give him a hand clap of praise this evening? Aren't you thankful we serve a great God? Let's sing that little chorus. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm Aren't you glad you're his tonight? And so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. I'm so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. Oh, if you're thankful for that tonight, just lift your hands and sing it to him now. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad that I'm yours. So glad your mercy is followed me. I'm so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad. Oh, let's just sing out once more now. And so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy. It has followed you. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours. So glad I'm Oh, aren't you thankful for that? You're thankful for his mercy. He came looking for you and found you. Let's sing that little chorus. Reach out and touch the Lord. So reach out and touch the Lord. As he goes by, you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is passing by this moment. your need to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord. Oh, if you come with a burden on your heart, why don't just lift it to him now. Reach out and touch the Lord. As he goes round, he will find he's not too he by this moment. your needs still as he goes by. Oh, aren't you thankful? He's here to meet every single need. No matter how big or small it matters to you, it matters to him. And he's here through the ministry of the word to meet each and every need. Certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord. Brother Joe Reynolds if you open the service order to pray. Amen. You may have your seats tonight. Certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord. We got some out that are sick. Remember our brother Andrew, he's out. New Zealand. So remember him in prayer. Just a couple announcements. Just remember our anniversary meetings coming up at the end of February 26th through March 3rd with brother Donnie, brother Josh, and brother Wayne Lawson. And then also too starting Well, I'm not sure if we do have service this Sunday, but starting Sunday, Sister Car is going to be and I'm It's not It's going to be a Sunday school choir. Correct. So all the Sunday school kids, she'll be there practicing songs with them for them to the service. So whenever that does start, it'll be at 10:30 to 10:45. So if you have kids at Sunday school, be there at 10:30. They'll be practicing songs. So thankful for that. Amen. Are you happy to be a Christian tonight? &gt;&gt; Are you glad you're redeemed? &gt;&gt; And sing that song. Well, I am redeemed. I've been born with a Christ. Oh my Jesus. He has changed my whole life. And if they ask you for just who I am, oh just tell them that I am redeemed. Oh, sing that first verse now. Oh, where there was hate. Oh, love now abide. Oh, where there was confusion. Oh, peace now. For I'm walking with my Jesus. Oh, I'm a child of the king. And it's all because I am redeemed. Oh, and I am redeemed. I've been born with a prize. Oh my Jesus, he has changed my whole life. And if anybody has to Oh, just who I am. Oh, just tell them that I am redeemed. Oh, second verse now. I'll tell his favor and I'll tell her his love. I will tell of his goodness to me. You see, he purchased my redemption with his own precious blood. And from sin, I know I've been set free. Oh, aren't you thankful for that tonight? and I am redeemed. I've been born with a Christ, my Jesus. And if anybody asks you, oh just who I am, oh tell them that I am redeemed. Oh, aren't you thankful to be redeemed tonight? When the redeemed are gathering in with the redeemed and I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high. When the redeemed are gathering in, I will raise the heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh when the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like snow and free from all sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, there will be a great procession over on all the streets of gold. When the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, what musical what singing. Oh, that city will be rolled. When the redeemed are gathering in. Yes, when the redeemed are gathering in, we're washed like stone and free from all sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. All saints will sing redemption stories with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh then the angels all will listen for they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in oh when the redeemed gathering in we're washed like snow and free from all sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when they're ready. Oh, sing this last verse now. Then the Savior will give orders to prepare the bank when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, and we'll hear his invitation. Be blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed are gathering in, that's when the redeemed are gathering in. We're washed like snow and free from all sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing. Oh, with the redeemed. Oh, sing the chorus once more now. Yes. When the redeemed are gathered with him, we're washed like snow and free from all sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering. And I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood. Oh, sing that again. Yes, I know it was the blood. And I know it was the blood. And I know it was the blood for me. Yes. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood. Oh, and I know he paid the price. I know he paid the price. I know he paid the price for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know he paid the price for me. Oh, and they laid him in the tomb. They laid him in the tomb. They laid him in the tomb for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And they laid him in the tomb. Oh, he rose up. Yes, he rose up from the grave. He rose up from the grave. He rose up from the grave for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was. Oh, I know he's coming back. Oh, and I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back for me. For one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it. Oh, let's all stand and sing that chorus. Yes, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. For one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. Oh, let's sing that again as the brothers come for the offering. Oh, and I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood for me. Amen. Brother Morgan, can we pray for the offer? Oh Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Yes, Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. Oh my Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Yes, Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget your name. Oh, and how could I forget what he's done for me? Oh, how could I forget how he set me free? Oh, how could I forget how he brought me out? Oh, Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, sing that again now. And how could I forget what you've done for me? Oh, how could I forget how you set me free? Oh, how could I forget How could I forget your name? I'm singing. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh jeez, I'll never forget how he brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, why don't you turn around, shake your neighbor's hands? He's done so much for me that I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me that I cannot tell it all. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget no name. And how could I forget how you set me free? Oh, how could I forget how you brought me out? Amen. I want you to give him a hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. You may have your seats tonight. after him. Sister Gabrielle if you sing and then Sister Samantha after Sister Gabriel. So many times we go to church and sit there on a pew. Some of us believe that's all that we're supposed to do. I made up my mind when I came through the door. I've got something to praise God for. Well, I'm a bloodbought child of the king. My sins are gone and I've been redeemed. I lift up the name of the Lord. I adore. I've got something to praise God for. Now, Satan tries to tell us that it's wrong to lift our hands. Get your mind determined that you're going to take a stand. If you got what I've got, you're not ashamed anymore. I've got something to praise God for. Well, I'm a bloodbought child of King. My sins are old and I've been redeemed. I lift up the name of the one I adore. I've got something to praise God for. Well, I'm a bloodbought child of King. Well, my sins are gone and I've been redeemed. I lift up the name of one I adore. I've got something to praise God for. I lift up the name of one I adore. I've got something to praise God for. I had a Oh myst. myself for time. And every bridge is crossed and burned. But through all the wreckage I had learned, there is one thing that I can never lose. If I got Jesus and I got all that I could ever need. Take the world away from me and I'll be okay if I got Jesus. And there's a hope that's living deep inside. A joy that I could never hide and a safe place to fall. If I got Jesus, then I got it all. And I've seen weaknesses turn to strength. And I've seen failures made with grace. And it's not from what I've done. It's Christ in me. A miracle I can't explain. Oh, he's g me his name. I'm the richest girl that I could ever be. If I got Jesus and I got all that I could ever be. Take the world away from me and I'll be okay if I got Jesus. And there's a hope that's living deep inside. A joy that I could never hide in a safe place to fall. If I got Jesus, I've got it all. And someday that trumpet's going to sound. And the king of heaven ride upon the clouds are coming down. And I'll hit my knees. Oh Lord, that sings my soul. I'm going home. If I got Jesus, I've got all that I could ever need. Take the world away from me and I'll be okay. If I got Jesus and there's a hope that's living deep inside, a joy that I could never hide and a safe place of hope. If I got Jesus, I've got it all. If I got Jesus, I've got it all. All the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elers cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elers cast their crowns before the land of God and sing. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Day and night, night and day, let incense arise. Day and night, night and day, let in rise. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. Day and night, night and day, let in arise. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Can you say he's worthy of it all today? Every praise, every worship, every hallelujah, whatever you can give to him, he's worthy of it all. Let's all stand as we get ready to invite our pastor. Sing that song. I speak Jesus. I speak Jesus. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and everybody. Oh, cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus until every dark addiction starts to break. Oh, declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus for your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh break every stronghold. fly through the shadows burn like a fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. Oh, to every soul captive by depression, I speak Jesus. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Burn like the fire. Oh, shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness. Over every enmy. Oh Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. Oh shout Jesus tonight. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Oh Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness over every eny. Oh Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. All your name is power. Oh your name is power. Your name is your name. every I say I will shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. I say Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. I speak Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. Can you say it again? I speak Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. I speak Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. For I know your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Yes, I know it'll break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow burn like a fire. Amen. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. How many just say his name tonight? and every mind. Oh, cuz I know there is peace in your presence. I speak the name of Jesus. Oh, I say I just want to speak the name of Jesus until every dark addiction. grace. It declares there is hope. There's real freedom in the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes, I say his name is power. In his name is healing. In his day, it's still grace. Every stronghold shines through the dark shadows. Burn like a fire. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? How many can speak the name of Jesus? Amen. Go ahead and say it out loud. At the name of Jesus, the demons will flee. at the name of Jesus, the the deaf will hear, the blind will see, and the those that are sick will be made well, the lame will be made to walk in the name of Jesus. Amen. I think we have a right as believers to speak his name. Amen. Amen. How many come tonight gathering in the name of Jesus? Amen. What a privilege it is to know him. Amen. I know many are sick tonight that would ask us to speak that holy name over their life. Amen. and brother Brian Hatfield is sick this evening. Also, Destiny is sick. Also, Brother Silvin, Sister Lena, not feeling well. They're still on the service. Just asking the church to pray for them. And I know that God is certainly mindful, amen, of everyone, no matter where we are, amen, and what our condition is. And maybe you have a need on your heart tonight. You just lift your hand to the Lord and ask him to come. And Lord, as we speak thy name, would you come and meet every need? Amen. Let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege it is, Lord, to have a name that has more power, Lord, than anything that we could create in this natural life. Lord, you've given us the ability, Lord, by faith to speak the name of Jesus over every situation, over every problem, over every sickness, every home, every family, Lord. Lord, and we do that tonight, Lord. We call upon thy name, Lord, knowing that we don't have the ability, Lord, to heal or to save or deliver, but Lord, in the name of Jesus, all thy work shall be done. And Lord, we just ask you tonight, Lord, that you would heal each one, everyone that's sick and body. Lord, I pray that this revival, Lord, that is steering in the hearts of the believers tonight, Lord, I I pray, Lord, that it would it would just resonate through this building. Lord, I pray Lord that it would waken such a supernatural, Lord, among the church tonight, Lord. God, that we would go from this place declaring that we've been in the presence of the Holy Ghost. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for all that you do. Lord, we thank you for your spirit being with us on this Wednesday night. Lord, we just ask you to take this word and you would anoint it to the hearers of the word, Lord. May something be said, Lord, that would be edifying to the body of Christ. God, I just ask that you would help me to get out of the way, Lord. God, knowing I don't have the ability to be able to help anybody. But Lord, if you could just come tonight, Lord, we give you the liberty, Lord, to speak and Lord, the uh the liberty, Lord, to to work with each one of us, Lord, we pray now to have your way in Jesus name. And we'll give you the glory in all things. In Jesus name we pray. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Just turn around and greet somebody in the name of the Lord. And amen. Just certainly a privilege. Amen. and to be able to come and and gather in the house of God tonight and Amen. and just a uh uh just an honor. Amen. To be able to to um just to stand with the saints of God and appreciate that, brother. I think you put that lid on there, buddy. Amen. Thank you so much. Brother Mark has he's got some grown man hands. Amen. Amen. Sure appreciate our brothers. Amen. Help each other out. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Want to welcome each one here and just make a special welcome to Sister Jennifer and her and her family. And they've made our our church here their home place of fellowship. Mother Joel. And so we just want to give them a a warm grace tabernacle welcome uh tonight. And Amen. Amen. Some of you, many of you that may not know Sister Jennifer, and she she she's not she's kind of shy, but won't mind you come up and introduce yourself and just a great part of our family. And uh certainly uh she has one of the greatest testimonies of any godfearing woman that I've ever known. And I I've often I've told her uh before if she would write a book of her testimony that would it'd be read around the world. and uh she she's certainly uh been a real uh testimony of what it is to be a daughter of God and uh and it's an honor uh to be able to have them here. So I just say God bless you tonight. I want to invite you to the scripture uh to the second book of Chronicles and we're going to read out of the 18th chapter and we'll start in the first verse and uh read a few verses of scripture and and uh we'll read down to the 13th verse. So 2 Chronicles the 18th chapter and the first verse. We'll give you just a moment uh to turn there and the Lord just put this on my heart this uh this morning and so I just want to uh be obedient to the Lord. Amen. Amen. How many wants that? Amen. All right. The first chapter or 18th chapter first verse Bible says very familiar story. Now Jehoshaphat had riches and honor and abundance and joined affinity with Ahab. And after certain years he went down to Ahab to Samaria. And Ahab killed sheep and oxen for him in abundance and for the people that they had uh with him and persuaded him to go up with him to Rayoth Gilead. And Ahab the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, "Will thou go with me to Ramothgilead?" And he answered him, "I am as thou art, and my people is thy people, and we will be with thee in war." And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, inquire, remember, this is a divided nation. and the the the kingdom of Judah and the kingdom of Israel. It was after the kingdom had been divided. So they had two separate kings. So he asked him, the king of Israel, he said, I inquire, I pray thee, at the word of the Lord today. Therefore the king of Israel, which was Ahab, gathered together the prophets, 400 men, and said unto them, shall we go to Ramoth Gilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up, for the God will deliver, for God will deliver unto the king's hand. But Jehoshaphat said, "Is there not here a prophet of the Lord besides that we might inquire of him?" And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, "There is yet one man by whom we may inquire of the Lord, but I hate him, for he never prophesies good unto me, but he always prophesies evil. His name is Micaiah. He's the son of of Imlaw." And Jehoshaphat said, "Well, let not the king say so." In other words, invite him. And the king of Israel called for one of his officers and said, "Fetch quickly Micaiah the son of Imla and the king of Israel, Jehoshap and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah set either one of them on his throne. They were clothed in their robes and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the gate of Samaria. And all the prophets prophesied before them." And here uh at the entering of the gate, this was a place where a lot of uh judgments were made. Maybe on a threshing floor. they would do the threshing floor at the beginning of the city. In other it was just a place that was big enough outside that everyone would be able uh uh to be a part or to see what was taking place. So they sat in this place and the prophets prophesied saying go up to Ramothgilead and prosper for the Lord shall deliver it under the hand of the king. And the messenger went to call Micaiah and he spake to him. So here they are on their way back and he spake to him. He said, "Behold the words of the prophets. They declare good to the king and they're all with one ascent. In other words, they're all in one mind and they're all in one accord. There there's great uh there's great unity in the kingdom. Everybody has came together. They're all saying the same thing. So let thy word I pray thee be just like theirs and just speak good. And Micaiah said, "As the Lord liveth, even what my God saith, that will I speak." And I'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word tonight. As you take your seats, I would like to speak on this uh if we could have a title on an unwelcome treaty. An unwelcome treaty. A treaty, of course, we are familiar is a negotiated agreement between two parties. It brings a peace and a unity between uh uh two uh two different uh uh uh groups of people. It means to be united uh to be made one, to be combined or to be uh in agreement. It's the bringing together of two and in any proper treaty it's one uh that would find a weakness in another and have something to offer that would satisfy or sustain them in that weakness. So uh that's why there would be a treaty. They had a weak part and I had something strong enough to help in that area and maybe I had a weakness but they had a strength in that area. So a a treaty is in other words it's a way to fulfill one another and to grow and and work together and to be in unity. And you know, I want to say this as we're uh uh lay a foundation into this thought that uh I believe that unity means a lot to God. How many believe that? Say amen. I How many believe that? Say amen. You see, I believe that unity means a lot to God. In so much that David would even write in Psalms 133, he said, "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity." Uh in in other words, to that that that it's a great thing to God. And and so uh uh unity it means to unite two things. And it brings two things together. And uh and we realize that whenever you unite two things, this is something I want to lay in as a foundation that anytime you unite two things, there's always a product of that uniting. So anytime two things are pro brought together, it's going to it's going to have a product. It's going to have have a result. And so uh even so much that David when he would talk about unity, he he would say that it was like it was an odd type that he used. He said, "But unity, it's good and pleasant to dwell in unity. It's like the precious ointment upon the head that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard. And you know, many would read this and it seems as an odd analogy that he would say unity means so much to God. It's like the oil that ran down Aaron's beard. It's kind of an odd analogy uh to think that that was speaking of unity. But uh if you ever read over in Exodus the 30th chapter, uh the Bible tells us how this anointing oil was being made and how that God was getting prepared to anoint the sanctuary and anoint Aaron and the priest and anoint them in office. And the Bible says the Lord spake to Moses and he said, "Take principal spices of myrrh and and sweet cinnamon and and uh calamus and and cassia and and and olive oil and take all of these things together and make an oil of a holy ointment, an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary." And God gives an exact y'all heard me use this before, but uh God gives an exact part just a portion of this. 500 shekels of sweet cinnamon, 250 shekels of calamus, and he gives an ingredient in order uh to make this uh anointing oil or this ointment. He said, "And after take it after the art of the apothecary, and it shall be a holy anointing oil, and thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation with it, and the ark of the testimony, the table, and the vessels, and the candlesticks, all the things that God had prepared in the tabernacle." He had given uh Moses an exact instruction of how to build an anointing oil or an ointment to be able to anoint those things so that it would be pleasing unto God. And they they anointed the altar of the burnt offering. They anointed the vessels. They anointed the uh from the lav to the foot of the lav. They sanctified uh everything uh that was in the sanctuary. And God told them whatever you anoint with that oil will be holy unto God. And even don't just stop with the things that are in the tabernacle. Don't just uh anoint the uh uh all the parts. It didn't matter what part it was. If it was the cord, it was the cable, it was the wall, it was the table, every part of it was anointed to make it a holy place for God. But then anybody that would enter into that place would have to have that same anointing. So he said, "Now go anoint Aaron and Aaron's sons so that when they come into this place that they may minister unto me in the priest's office, and thou shall speak unto the children of Israel, saying that this shall be a holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations." So, so here it's it's a wonder that David uses this type of of analogy to describe the unity amongst the brethren because he's talking about an oil that God used all of these different ingredients and uh in each one, you know, I think about reading them that uh we wouldn't have time tonight, but every one of them have a different meaning. Some of you that knows about oils and spices, they uh would know a lot more than I would, but they they they have a different meaning. You would take an olive oil. They each one uh you say it like this brother Mark they have they all have their own identity right. So you could take an olive oil which was used for centuries. It was used for preparing food. It was used to to put in lamps even to to burn the oil or you know in the oil lamps. Uh it was even sometimes used for medicine or you can take cinnamon that was uh that comes from the bark of a cinnamon tree. I always thought that was fascinating how they took out the outer layer of the bark and then carved in that second layer and rolled it up and let it dry out and had a big long stick of cinnamon, cut it up in little pieces and and uh and I I always love cinnamon and uh but but but they each had their own identity. It comes from a cinnamon tree or casia which is uh which we call it today Chinese cinnamon which is mostly what we buy in the store uh in the place of cinnamon but uh but or even myrrh. Myrrh was a gum resin. It was used in ancient Egypt as an embalming fluid. It had a it had a that's why it was always associated with death. And it had a a certain uh uh scent. It was even at times used as an antiseptic. And uh so a calamus calamus was a reed that was uh that was like a sweet reed like a sweet cane that we would see uh that that's used and after it's dried out and shaved into a spice. So uh so you can see that every one of these ingredients, brother Mark, they all had their own identity. They were all used for different things. They were they were some come from different parts of the world. They weren't even all native to the same place. And so uh and so all of these were different. But through the process of the apothecary, they were they were brought together and they took on a new identity. So no longer was the cinnamon cinnamon, no longer was the cassia cassia, no one longer was the myrrh merb, but God said, "You take it to the art of the apothecary and let the apothecary do his work." He was the He was the medicine man. He He was the one that could blend it together and run it through and boil what needed to be boiled and and let it drip out the what needed to run through the drip and uh to be able to make this oil and said so so but when it came out of the apothecary it had its own identity and what the what the Lord said it would be. He said it shall be a holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generation. So I thought, isn't it something that one before it went through the apothecary, it was a they were all different things. They had all different identities. They were used for different purposes. But when it came through the art of the apothecary, it was blended together to become one. And now no longer was it separated. And this is what David was talking about whenever he said God loves unity. He's talking about that God can bring us together in a certain way. He can bring he can bring something together that can't ever be taken apart. He he can put it in a in a certain way that that it can't go back to what it was. And and you know, I you know, I think about that unity and I realize that God loves it, but you realize that God only loves a certain kind of unity. You say, "Well, God loves unity." That's a true statement, but it depends on what you unite with. So, God don't love all unity. Can I just say that like that? God don't love all unity. It depends on what it is that you're uniting with. And so, this is what we see in this story here. Jehoshaphat and Ahab. Jehoshaphat was a godly king. He was a godly man. But here he had made a treaty or an alliance with an ungodly man which was King Ahab. And because it was because of Ahab's son. Remember he married Jehoshaphat's daughter. And and when they when the marriage took place, the nations uh became in in in uh uh harmony one with another. And and so here they're about to go into battle. But but it was the time of the judgment of Ahab. And and and and and the call upon the prophets and the prophets would say, "Sure, go into battle. I got one of them made the big horns of of iron and said, "Oh, I see you driving the Syrians out of the land and it's going to be a great victory for you." But when they brought the prophet of God, Micaiah, and and he went to speaking to them, he he got to telling them about what he saw in at the throne of God. He said, "I saw a lying spirit when it left the throne of God." And God said, "You go down there and you anoint all of those prophets that they'll lie to Ahab because I've got a judgment that is coming his way. And I want him to lie to him." So he'll go into battle cuz he's going to meet his judgment that he that that that's been oncoming. And and so Micaiah goes and he tells them exactly what'll take place. And and of course they you know they end up throwing him in jail and said well he don't know anything. There's 400 says we're going to overcome this one guy thinks he knows more than the rest of them. So they put him in a prison and they went into battle and Ahab he when he went into the battle brother Mark he didn't even dress like a king. He remember he dressed in his own uh uh garments as an ordinary uh uh chariot soldier and he said, "I won't dress like a king. They won't know who I am when I go into battle." So uh we'll just we'll just prove that that guy wrong. But when they went into battle, the Syrians had already made a declaration. Only kill the king. Don't go after nobody else. Don't fight with nobody else. Only kill the king. And so when they went into battle and they came down there, they found they went to where Jehoshaphat was. And they began to circle his chariot and they shouted out, "This is not King Ahab. It's King Jehoshaphat, our fight is not with him." So they begin to retreat from battle because the King Ahab was not on the battlefield. And the Bible told the story of how that one man who disobeyed orders that just took a bow and he launched an arrow at a venture out into the crowd as they were fleeing and his arrow actually caught Ahab between his shoulder blades when he was riding in a chariot. He wasn't wearing king's robes, but he caught the judgment of God. So, in other words, he couldn't hide from it. And what Micaiah told him was the truth. And and it didn't matter how he dressed it up or how he shaped it up or how many people told him it was okay. And so so so we saw Jehoshaphat, he was nearly killed as a consequence of going into this treaty. It it cost him it cost people their life, men around him that lost their life in a battle because of a treaty that he made with an ungodly man. So you know what Jehoshaphat done when he went back into Israel? He recognized his wrongs and he went and he started restoring the kingdom and and he put the he took the idols out and he put uh the things of God back into the temple and he he began to turn uh uh the nation back uh from their from their wickedness and and what he's showing us here this story it lays a foundation that the very things that you unite with it might not be pleasing to God. Can I just say that it may not be pleasing to God. See because everything you unite there's always a product. Brother would uh would take uh some time on this. He said that he said it may be shocking but even physical death come as a product of a uniting. It came from the uniting of mother Eve and Satan together. And when they united together, it brought they were disbelieving God's word and they united and brought the product of death. See, so death is a product of uniting Satan and Eve together. He said that's what brought death. It was the uniting of unbelief it with the word of God. And it wasn't a lot of it. He said it was just a teeny little 100th of 1% is how much unbelief that she had, but uh 100th of 1% of unbelief united with the word of God and it brought death to the entire human race. He said, "So I thought, my isn't it something that that that you say, well, how much should I believe God anyway?" I tell you what a prophet said. He said, "You just believe God 100% of the time. You just believe God. That's all that God requires is us just to believe 100% of it. How how much of the word should I believe in order to be called a believer? Let me just make it easy for you. All of it. How much of the promise of God should I believe to be called a believer? You just believe all of it. He said 100% of it. That's what you believe. That's why that's what we are. We're believers. I I wonder how many can say that tonight. I believe God. Somebody go ahead and say it. I believe God. See, I believe. He said, "How much I believe?" 100%. So I thought if the uniting of unbelief and the word brings a product, there's always something that comes from it. There there there's death that comes from it. And so if uniting of unbelief in the word brings a product, then what happens when you unite faith with the word? &gt;&gt; See, if unbelief and in the word brings a product of death, then what happens when you unite faith and the word of God together? I'll just say it to you. Faith and the word united together always brings life. I could preach an hour on faith and the word united together. It always brings life. And friends, it ain't just any kind of life. But you remember when Mary was walking down the road that day and the and the Holy Ghost came, the angel of the Lord came and begin to reveal to her what was going to happen in her life and and and and the Bible would tell us that the Holy Ghost descended upon her. But B said when the Holy Spirit, it united in a body of flesh in Mary. He said it produced the son of God which was a product of the righteousness of God. I thought, isn't that something powerful? Are y'all hearing me? When the Holy Spirit united with a body of flesh, it produced the product of the righteousness of God. It took a flesh that that was born just like you and I. A flesh that is filled with sin just like you and I. A flesh that that that that was not worthy just like you and I. But when that flesh was united with the Holy Spirit, it it made a product of the righteousness of God. And brother Bram said, "And the bride is a product of God and his word uniting." And when the bride unites with the spirit of God, it'll bring forth the life of Christ. Again, &gt;&gt; somebody say again. &gt;&gt; Again. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, how do you unite with the spirit of God?" Well, what we need is a spiritual apothecary. &gt;&gt; Can I say that tonight? What we need is a spiritual apothecary that could cause a blending to happen with a flesh and a spirit. A flesh of a man and all of the ingredients that we have in our life whenever we come to God. Oh friends, I I I could take all night thinking of the of the things that we bring to the altar whenever we come to God. And when we come into the into the place of the apothecary, the things that are in our life, all the ingredients that each one of us carry, that are a part of our nature and the way that God made us, that God knows just what you need, what what needs to be blended into your life to bring a product of the righteousness of God. And in the house of the of the spiritual apothecary, he begins to blend your life with the right kind of word and the right spirit and just the right ANOINTING AND JUST THE RIGHT MOVE of God and just the right thing being said that would bring your life to this place that it would manifest the righteousness of God himself. Says, see, so we had to have an apothecary, one that would know just how to blend our life, just how to blend us together. Let me tell you what the Bible said. The Bible tells us in the last day that the bride would be united. Brother Bam said by what? He said the bride would be united by the word of God made manifest in the flesh. So the Holy Spirit is sealing them into God and it's sealing unbelief out on the outside. I I thought, isn't that something? Unbelief is being sealed on the outside and on the inside the Holy Ghost is being sealed. You that no wonder the devil can't do anything with you. See, and what's happen? It's our apothecary. It's that spiritual one that knows how to blend our life and and he's creating a real unity in our life. He see he said what is it that the the bride will be united by the word of God made manifest in the flesh? That's always a big question. What brings unity in the church? What is theii the bride united? Let me can I just take some liberty here tonight? Can can I just be a pastor? A church ain't ever going to be a church if it's united around people's fellowship. It ain't ever going to be a church if it's united around a volleyball game. It ain't and and our kids, we sure love to come out and and to have fellowship and do those things and and I know sometimes people look at a church and say, "Well, they don't do that very much and they don't hang out enough." So, they must not have any unity and they're not very united or they don't get together and they don't but you friends that ain't got nothing to do with the unity in a church. Matter of fact, if your unity be Lord Lord help us. But if the unity in a church is is is around a volleyball game, it takes one call or one ball that hits on the border of the line to break the church apart. If it's around a fellowship, it takes one sister making the same dish that the other one made or or one brother that didn't tell somebody about it and they didn't they didn't make it and then it would fall all apart if that's what the unity was about. But the unity of the church has nothing to do with the fellowship in the building. It has nothing to do with the games. It has nothing to do with people coming together. That's not what brings the unity in the bride of Jesus Christ. But a prophet said the bride will be united by the word of God made manifest in her flesh. It'll be the Holy Spirit sealing them into God and sealing unbelief out. Oh, don't you realize, friends, it's the Holy Ghost. That's the only unity that we really have in the body of Christ. It's the holy It's the only unity that you have in your marriage. It's the only unity THAT YOU HAVE IN YOUR HOME. IT COMES BY THE BAPTISM OF THE HOLY GHOST. I've had many people try to get me to fix their problems. You know what they do? They come say, "Well, I got a problem in my marriage, pastor. So, why don't you come up with a formula that'll fix my marriage? Maybe you can get some quotes and maybe we can get some scriptures AND WE CAN PUT THEM IN A BAG AND SHAKE them up and deliver them to your house. And maybe that'll HELP YOU GET THROUGH YOUR MARRIAGE." But let ME TELL YOU, FRIENDS, GOD DON'T NEED SOME MAN TAMPERING WITH THE ONLY THING THAT'LL ever help a marriage. IT'S THE BAPTISM OF THE HOLY GHOST. when they want deliverance, they want some secret way. They want you to bring something. Oh, I'm just preaching you, but but but they want you to bring something THAT'LL HELP THEM. GIVE ME SOME word or give me some scripture or give me some song that'll help me through this. And all those are great things. Said, but that ain't ever going to unite your marriage. It ain't ever going to unite you and God. Oh, preacher, give me the secret sauce. Can I just tell you friends, the cure has already been formulated. It ain't nothing that I can make up. I can't mix up something for you. I can't make it any prettier. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It what causes A MAN TO REJECT HIS OLD NATURE AND PUT ON THE NATURE OF GOD. WELL, FRIENDS, when you take the nature of God, said then then you can be united with the bride of Jesus Christ. That's where you real unity comes from. So, everybody's looking for an answer. Everybody's looking uh to be uh to to to fix the problems. But but the the the the answer is simple. It's what Dr. Peter gave us on the day of Pentecost when he gave the prescription. He said, "Repent and be baptized IN THE NAME OF JESUS Christ for the remission of your sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; is always the prescription." Brother said they these quack drugists today that they they try by denomination to fill it some other way. He called them quack drugus. He said, "But you don't add two and all that. You might kill your patient, but your physician knows just how to write the prescription." And Christ, the Holy Ghost is the prescription writer and he wrote it. Don't add to it or take away from it. Just take the medicine that way she is. It's the cure for all ailments. &gt;&gt; What's the secret sauce? The secret sauce is the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; It's the cure for all ailments. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; See, God has called the church to unite with the word. This is the uniting that God is calling the church to. Remember said we see nations uniting the world uniting. &gt;&gt; Churches are uniting. He said, "But we see the bride uniting with the word." He said, "Why?" Because the word is God. And as the bridegroom being the word, the bridegroom, who is the word, and the bride being the hearer of the word, when they come together in a union, they unite like a wedding and they're getting ready for a wedding. They become one. The word becomes you and you become the word. I thought, isn't it something here that God didn't call us to unite with the world? See, our sometimes our faith gets united with the wrong thing. &gt;&gt; We can't put our you That's why preachers say, "Don't put your faith in a church. Don't put your faith in a pastor. Don't put your faith in one another. Don't put your faith, you know, because it's so easy to put our faith in other things." But the but our faith gets united with the wrong thing and it don't bring forth &gt;&gt; don't bring forth the desired result. So, so, so he said, "What do we unite with?" Our faith is to be united with the word. That's why this church is so powerful, &gt;&gt; isn't it, brother David? It's the best church in the world. You know that? It's the best church in the world. And let me tell you why it's so powerful is because demons leave when the when the when the word is being preached. It's becau because cancers are healed in this church. Blinded eyes have been open in this church. The dead have been raised. It's the greatest church that there ever was. And it's not a church you can join. It ain't a church you can work your way into. It ain't a church that you can earn your way into, but you can only be born into it. And it's the greatest church that there ever was. And I'm so glad I can be a part of the church that is united in the word of God by the power of God, by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So, see, when faith unites with the word, then the supernatural happens. &gt;&gt; That's why they talk about our church around the world. That's why they talk that's why they they that's why the devil hates it so much around the world is because he hates the supernatural that's taking place among this church that we are a part of. &gt;&gt; Amen. We've been born into it. Many of us, there's millions of members around the world. We've been born into it. It's our church. &gt;&gt; That's our body. &gt;&gt; And we're united by the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; See, when faith unites the word, the supernatural happens. You know, I think think of a a story or a testimony. Brother Bram was actually uh you can hear on tape. He's talking to a lady that that that come up for prayer and he said the angel of the Lord, he was just a few feet away. He said he was standing there. He's a man larger than I. The woman standing here, she's conscious of him being here. He said, "I want to ask you something, lady." He said, "You're probably known amongst this crowd. I don't know you, but you're conscious that something is going on. If that's right, raise your hand." Here she raises her hand. He said, "It's his presence." Now watch what we're speaking of when faith unites with the word here. This woman has come to the the meeting and she's she's looking for prayer and and and he says, "Sister," he said, "you suffer with some sort of headache condition. It's causing you to have bad headaches all the time. Is that right?" And then as he starts to tell her, he breaks into a vision. He said, "I see you holding your head in your hand many times like that." And you do that quite you're doing quite a bit of reading or something. Oh, I see. It's a book or a magazine or something you're reading. You're sitting there reading. He said, "You're sitting in a room. There's a chair. You're reading something." He said, "Is that what it was?" She said, "Yes." He said, "Oh, I seen it was a book when you was reading. You had a headache and you were rubbing your head like this while you were reading the book." He said, "Oh, it was a white book. It was white looking." "Oh, now I see it. It was my book. Is that true? Is that what you were reading?" She said, "Yes." He said, "You," He said, "you become conscious." He said, "Nobody knows that cuz there's nobody there but you." He said, "But God seen you." And you thought then while you were reading this book, think about it. I'm talking about faith uniting with the word of God. Here she's sitting in a room. She's reading the book. There ain't nobody around. And the angel of the Lord is showing it in a vision. He said, "And while you were reading the book, you thought then if I can get to the meeting and maybe if he will pray for me, then these headaches will cease." He said, "That's when you begin to have faith." Said, "See, because he said, 'Isn't that right that that I might tell you something else that'll move your faith up?" He said, "It's caused from a female trouble. That's your headaches." He said, "I know you've been told other things, but it's wrong." He said, "Your doctor said you had migraine headaches and so forth like that, but it's wrong. They made an error. I'm not trying to correct the doctor, but I know what I'm speaking of. In order that you might know that I am God's prophet, you don't belong to this type of a church. You belong to another kind of church. It's a Christian Science church. Is that right? He said, "I knew that you were a Christian Science because when I saw you in the vision reading my book, you were sitting in the Christian Science reading room whenever you were reading the book." He said, "That's the reason I know you belong to it or you was there. If that's right, raise your hand." He said, "All right. Well, come here. Do you believe that if I will ask God that this ain't mind over matter? It's the power of almighty God to make it leave you. You believe? All right. You'll just serve him all the days of your life." He said, "God, I've seen your light flash around this woman, and I believe that the hour is here for her healing sincerely and humbly that the spirit of God has moved upon the woman." I thought, "My, isn't it the power of God that would bring a woman out of a Christian Science Center here, Brother David, she was sitting and reading a book about the truth of the word of God." And here a woman that didn't even know how to have faith, but she began to think in her mind that if I can just get there and I can just be prayed for, then I'll be healed. And the prophet said, "Right there, your faith is where it started." You see, you see where her healing her healing started. It's when her faith and the word united here. She was in a place that didn't preach the right that didn't preach the truth. and she was in a place that was all about science and and the way that uh the way that they had had termed the the gospel and made it all all about science and things and and made many of the supernatural things of God of none effect. But she was sitting in that kind of a building. But when her faith had met the word of God, he said that's when it started. I thought my her healing didn't take place when it was down at the altar. It started right there when she was sitting in that place and her faith met the word of God and something on the inside of her started to say, "If I could just get down to the meeting, then I would receive my healing." Said, "Then the spirit of God moved on the woman." You say, "Well, what was the result of her faith in the word uniting?" I can tell you the result here standing in the presence of the prophet of God. He said, "Satan, you've hid from the doctor, but you can't hide from God. He knows right where you are in the name of Jesus Christ, the son of the living God. You come out of that woman. He said, "Now look here, sister. Of course, you don't have it now, but you go. It's left you. It'll stay from you. As long as you can believe and have faith, God bless you." &gt;&gt; Because her faith united with the word of God, the supernatural happens. &gt;&gt; Isn't that a powerful thought? When faith unites with the word of God, super supernatural. You know what I think the problem is today is too many people are trying to make treaties with the devil. See, cuz he tries he he tries to put our faith in so many other things. Well, why? If you if you have a mixed up marriage, you put your faith in a psychologist. If you have if you have an addiction, you put your faith in a AA meeting or something. Or if you or if you have a sin or a besetting sin or something that was that your father had struggled with, but well, the devil just says, "Well, you're going to have to cope with it." Or maybe you have a sickness that's hereditary. Well, you're just going to have to cope with it. After all, your dad went through that same thing and and your mom, she had the same illness and and you know, the doctor said it's hereditary and you're going to have to carry it for the rest of your life just because they carried it. What's happening? It's the devil trying to make a treaty with a believer that he knows that if you ever put your faith in the word of God, it's going to bring a result ABOUT YOUR LIFE. SO HE MAKES A TREATY AND SAYS JUST ACCEPT it the way it IS AND JUST ACCEPT YOUR SICKNESS AND JUST ACCEPT your sin and and JUST ACCEPT YOUR YOUR ADDICTION and just allow it to stay in YOUR LIFE BECAUSE YOU'VE TRIED TOO many times and you couldn't get rid of it and you couldn't get over it and you can't get around it. So you may as well just LEAVE IT ALONE. IT'S A TREATY with the devil. &gt;&gt; And I don't think we ought to make any treaties with the devil. People's lost their faith in God. They've lost faith in healing. They don't believe in healing anymore. They'll accept a sickness and carry it. But remember said why they don't believe in divine healing. He said because the devil found a weak spot in you and he perverted it. &gt;&gt; Why they lost their faith in healing? The devil found a weak spot in you and he perverted it. He said, "But God is a healer." Somebody say, "God is a healer." &gt;&gt; And we're offsprings of God, sons and daughters of God, believing it like our father believes. See, when faith is united with the word, the supernatural happens. No wonder that that see the devil knows the recipe, brother Bobby. He knows the recipe. This ain't a secret. The devil knows if you can ever unite your faith with God's word, it's going to bring the supernatural. &gt;&gt; The devil knows it. &gt;&gt; So, he tries to cause you to take your faith away from the word of God. Isn't it something? Why you say, "Why is he always attacking my faith?" And and it's not that the devil don't want you to have faith. He just don't want you to put your faith in a place where the supernatural can happen. So you can have faith in all kinds of things. You can have faith in in the in in the doctors and the teachers and the psychologist psych. You can have faith in all kinds of things, but and the devil's fine with it, but you just don't you just don't want us to have faith in the word of God. &gt;&gt; So see in the days of Jesus, the Pharisees, you think of it, they were striving to attain righteousness. Remember what they they they they had strived to live a life that was a righteous life. They called themselves righteous men. But Paul when he would come, he said the Gentiles which followed not after righteousness. They obtained righteousness, the righteousness which is of faith. He and he actually shows how that the Pharisees had lived their whole life and tried to attain something that they never obtained. He said the Gentiles never done anything y'all did and they've obtained the very thing you tried to obtain and all they did was obtained it by faith. They lived a life their whole life that was a perfect life and they never could be righteous before God. So see so they never had it. So so here he shows us there's two classes that's trying to obtain the same thing. Israel which followed after the law of righteousness. They have not obtained the law of righteousness. But why? He said why? Because they sought it not by faith but they sought it by the works of the law and they stumbled at the stumbling stone. So they were trying to be righteous before God. They were sincere men. But when righteousness came before them, they rejected it. So here when Jesus would come and he would speak to the Pharisees, they rejected Jesus because he offered a way to receive righteousness by faith. In other words, he's showing them how to take the power of taking faith and mixing it with the word of God. &gt;&gt; See, because their faith was in other things. Their righteousness came from from living a certain law. Their righteousness came from wearing a certain kind of garment. And and after all, we kept the Sabbath and we we never missed and we never failed. And I've got no there's no spots on my life. I thought, isn't it something? Isn't that what the devil does? You ever find somebody that's living for God and somebody that ain't? The one that ain't always pointing out everything a righteous man ever done wrong. &gt;&gt; You say, "Why is he doing it?" Because he can't accept that you receive righteousness by faith. Because in his own mind, he's never received it. He's still trying to receive it by law. So he can look at everybody else that's attained righteousness. As Paul said, this ain't my message. This is Apostle Paul. He'll look at everybody else that's attained righteousness and condemn them for their past and condemn them for their sin and condemn them for their faults and condemn them for their problems because he's living by another law &gt;&gt; and he can't understand how that they can receive it by faith. See, because faith and the word mixed together brings supernatural. See, so he wants to break apart our faith in these things. You you see what stumbled the Pharisees that Jesus was offering righteousness by faith &gt;&gt; and they felt that they obtained it by their own works. &gt;&gt; Here Jesus was offering it a different way. So you I mean you I I want to say this. I realize righteousness is something that we must have. How many knows that? &gt;&gt; It's not an option. We must have that &gt;&gt; in order to make it. It's in order for God to be pleased. We must have righteousness. Matter of fact, Jesus said, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." &gt;&gt; But then Jesus shows us that there are different levels of righteousness. You ever you ever thought of that? That there that there that there's more than one level of righteousness. Uh he in Matthew the 5th chapter, he said, "I say unto you that except your righteousness exceeds the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, then you shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven." So he showed us there's a different level of righteousness. So they have some some level of righteousness in their works, but Jesus said, "Unless yours exceeds theirs, you shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of God." So your righteousness must be a greater righteousness. You say, "Well, how can you have a righteous that that's more than the Pharisee that devoted their lives? They they lived the law exactly. They never wavered. They never faltered. They they never they never missed. They kept the Sabbath. They done all these things just right. And they they spent all their time trying to be righteous. But don't you realize something this uh this evening that it ain't something that you can work yourself into. &gt;&gt; Brother David, it ain't something that you can build up. It ain't something that you can that you can work into. But the righteousness of God is a God-given quality. &gt;&gt; Can I just lay that in there? It's a God-given quality. And people that become righteous, think about it, in their own works, they're they're they're they're trying to be righteous without God. But listen what Isaiah said here as a prophet of God. He said, "But but we are all as an unclean thing, and we are all our righteousness is as filthy rags, and we all do fade as a leaf, and our iniquities like the wind have taken us away. And there is none that calleth upon thy name, that stereth up himself, and take a hold of thee, for thou hast hid thy face from us, and hast consumed us because of our iniquities. But now, oh Lord, thou art our father. We are the clay, thou art the potter. We are all the work of thy hand. Be not angry, very sure, oh Lord. Neither remember our iniquity forever. Behold, see that we beseech thee, that we are thy people. Here, here the prophet is acknowledging to God that we are relying upon thy mercy. for for for ain't none of us are righteous. None of our works are good enough. Nothing I Anybody ever feel that way? Come on, we may as well just be honest there. There ain't no matter how hard I try, I can't ever be good enough to please God. No matter how hard I try or how much I effort I put into it, I can't ever get my life good enough. I can't get close enough to God. I can't I I can't just seem to to get where I want to be. I'm always longing for more. &gt;&gt; But Isaiah said, "This is what we are. This is our nature. It's our none of our righteousness is good enough." He said, ' But Lord, we're we're your people. Now Paul takes the very thing that Isaiah is speaking of and he preach it teaches it. He said, "Our righteousness comes by faith. It's not by merit that the Jews would say that that it's by our effort or by the things that we done or how many times they went in the temple, how many times they they cleaned, how many times they they rang the bells, how he said it wasn't by that." He said, "But our righteousness of a believer since the time of Christ come by faith." That's the only righteousness that we have. He said see so when we get a real faith then your righteousness is only in Christ then brother Mark when you can live you can live the word without it being a burden. &gt;&gt; Now you can live freely as a Christian as a servant as a son and a daughter of God without it being a burden. You you can just serve God because you realize the only righteousness that you have is not in your own works. It's only in Christ Jesus. Friends, I'm telling you this because it's a revelation that a believer has to have in order to be free. There's too many people that are going around, they've been bound for so long that that that they can't even be free to serve God because they they can't get past their own self. But don't you realize that your own self ain't ever going to be good enough. So surrender to God and surrender to the Holy Ghost and surrender to the spirit of God and allow God just to lead you and overcome your problems. Day by day you will overcome another one. The next day you'll overcome another one. the next month, the next week, you'll overcome another one. You just keep growing closer and closer to God and live and serve God freely. &gt;&gt; See, because you'll never be satisfied with your walk with God any other way. See, these two kings, I probably already ran out of time. These two kings, Ahab and Jehoshaphat, notice where they met. The Bible said they met at the gates of Samaria. Now Samaria, it was a it was a a a a mountain or a hill which was gave them a position in case they were attacked. That's why they chose that place to be the capital of the northern kingdom. So here in the gates of Samaria, uh the the the Hebrew word, I believe it's Sham Shamro or Shamron in Samaria, but it actually means a high place. It's a it's a it's a mountain, a watch mountain or a high place. I thought, isn't it something here that these these kings, they gathered in this high place in order to make a treaty? This is where this is where Ahab brought Jehoshaphat at too. He brought him into this high place, said, "I'm going to make a deal with you. Let's go into battle." And he he went to make a treaty with him. I you know, but but it was in that same high place that God sent the word of a prophet that said, "Don't you go into that because it's going to bring destruction." And he warned Jehoshaphat. I thought, "Isn't it something to hear it was in a mountain? It was in a high place. And then when you read in Matthew the 4th chapter, the Bible says the devil took Jesus where? To an exceeding and high mountain &gt;&gt; and showed him all the kingdoms of the world and the glory of them. Isn't it isn't it peculiar that when the devil come to make a treaty, he brought him up on a mountain into a high place. I'm going to make a treaty with you. He said, if you'll just bow down and worship me, I'll give you all the kingdoms of this world. But Abraham said he literally showed Jesus all through time. He looked at all the kingdoms that would rise in this world and the devil said if you'll bow down and worship me, I'll give them unto you. Say, what was the devil trying to do? He was trying to make a treaty with Jesus. &gt;&gt; Let me make a treaty with you. You'll bow down and worship, I'll give you what you don't have. He said, but what Jesus knew is he knew that he was going to fall heir to it anyway. And he knew if he allowed the devil to give it to him by some treaty, then the devil could break it by he could break the treaty. But if he purchased it by his own blood, then the devil couldn't take it away. He said, "And he knew that we as believers that the bride of Jesus Christ, they would be in those kingdoms and he would have to purchase it, that they would be his purchased possession." Well, friends, aren't you so glad that Jesus didn't make a treaty with the devil for your life or for this world or for this kingdom or for your kingdom? He didn't make a treaty with the devil. HE SAID, "I'LL NOT MAKE A TREATY, BUT I'LL PAY FOR THE on on the cross of Calvary. I'll pay the price and I'll purchase them be to be mine." He said, "Wen't going to he wasn't going to make a treaty with the devil." He said he said, "Get behind me, Satan. For it is written, thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shall they serve." &gt;&gt; You know, I got to thinking of those mountains where treaties are made. I don't have time to go through them all. I realize I it's already too late, but I can get a couple. that I I think of those mountains where treaties were made and you know the Bible the Bible tells us that we live that we live by two laws. How many knows that there was there was the law in the book of Deuteronomy that was a law of death and then Paul would he would show the difference. It was a law of death and a law of life. He showed the law of life in Christ. And so he showed in the book of Deuteronomy you read about this this law of death the disobedience to the word. What did it do? It brought death. remember when they came down uh uh the came down on on on the mountain and they were uh the the the law was given unto Moses. But you realize that the disobedience it was it brought death. But there was another law that underlined that that that God didn't say it, but it was an underlying law. If disobedience brings death, the underlying law is obedience brings life. &gt;&gt; You see, so so that but they were living by this law. He said they and so one was a law of death and one was a law of life. And brother Ram showed that to show us that the law of life has always been there. It's always been a part of God. So God has always provided a way in order for us to live and to have eternal life. Even even in the time of Moses, there's always been a there's always been a way that was provided by God. Said, but but see that there's two laws. One is the law of death. The other is the law of life. He said they both been displayed to us in scripture. They've been displayed to the world publicly openly before every eye. And there's no excuse for us. One of them was displayed on Mount Si and the other was displayed on Mount Calvary. See, see, so isn't that the truth? That both laws were displayed. The law of death was displayed on Mount Si. It's where the law was given. It's where it condemned the whole human race and it brought death. If you didn't obey the law, thou shalt not. Thou shalt not. Thou shalt not. Thou shalt not. And if you don't obey the law, it's going to bring death. But on Mount Calvary, it was a different kind of law. See, Mount Calvary, it was grace that was given. It wasn't it wasn't a law that was given on Mount Calvary. The penalty was paid for the whole human race on Mount Calvary. It didn't bring death, it brought life. &gt;&gt; So the law, you notice, so so the law of death applies to some, but then a law of life applied to others. And friend, I know what people say today. I want a mountaintop experience. How many say that? It's okay. I'm not going to trick you. We Everybody wants a mountaintop experience. Oh, I I want to be on fire. I I want the church to be on fire. I I want the church to be shouting. We We want to be on top of a mountain. Well, that all depends on what you're shouting about. That all depends on what you're on fire about. To me, it depends on what mountain you're shouting on. She said, "Well, I want a mountain. I want a mountain experience." But let me tell you, friends, people, they want to be on a mountain so bad. I think sometimes they'll accept any mountain just to be on a mountain. &gt;&gt; That they take all kinds of mountains. They they they live on a denominational mountain because it makes them feel like they fit in in town and they can just rejoice and everybody's happy and everybody just gets along. Although that they disobey the word of God, but it's okay because everybody's getting along and everybody fits in and they're on top of a mountain. &gt;&gt; They're living on top of a mountain on top of the world, &gt;&gt; but it's the wrong mountain. Then others, they live on a mountain like like in the days of Moses, they live on a on a mountain of legalism and they feel good about theirel. I'm so high because I did everything just right. And everybody around me, they can't none of them do nothing right. But but I'm keeping the law and I'm doing so good. Can I tell you the problem? But this is free tonight. Let me tell you the problem with the mountain of legalism. It causes you to look down on everybody else. Hello. That's free. &gt;&gt; The mountain of legalism cause you to look down on everybody else. But let me tell you this, friends. It might shake you up a bit, but we weren't called to have a Mount Si religion. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. We weren't called to a Mount Si religion. That that's not our calling, man. You remember the man telling brother Brandham about about the revelation that happened in in Revelation 7th chapter. He was trying to explain to brother Brandham what he saw and how brother Brandham's doctrine was wrong. And and and he he says, "I saw," he said, "John saw her." Revelation 7, he quotes it. He said, "John saw the bride standing on Mount Si. And then he saw the bride that was standing in heaven. Then he saw the dragon that was that was uh uh spewing uh uh uh water out of his mouth to make war with the remnant of her seed." And brother Bam, he said, when he gets to telling the guy, he says, "Well, you got it all wrong." He said, "Because you're calling that bride, and it's not bride." He said, "The Jews will stand on Mount Si. There's 144,000. But the bride is in heaven with Jesus and the dragon that was spurting the water to make war with the remnant of the woman's seed. He said that is the sanctified church. That's those that were sanctified but didn't receive the Holy Ghost. They will be made war with by the dragon. So he said, here's three tribes and don't you, he said, always keep these three in mind. One, there was 144,000. Two, it was a great redeemed bride that was in heaven. Three, it was the remnant that was left there. He said, "See the Jews, they were sealed. There was 144,000. That's the ones that sanctifies. They they refused uh to get the Holy Ghost and the church will persecute against them." So So there's three the 144,000 they he said when they come the the the the'll be God's servants will come. When the Holy Ghost gospel is preached to them, they'll receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost just like they did in the beginning. The Gentile dispensation is finished. The church is sealed away. He said, ' See, whenever that gospel is preached to them, those 144,000 will receive the Holy Ghost just like they did. He said, 'But there will be a group that's left, a remnant that's left that were sanctified that refuse the Holy Ghost, and that's the ones that'll have to go through tribulation. I thought, isn't that something? Do you think about what sanctification even means? It's to be holy. Think about it. It's a holiness. It's a It's those that would live a law. They would live a letter of a law. They would come to this place of sanctification, but they never could enter in to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He said they didn't even make a rapture because the only way to make a rapture is by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; So, it's not those that are sanctified that are living by that law. So, here, brother Brandham differentiates Mount Si as a place that is a gathering for the Jews. I know some of y'all didn't amen that when I said it the first time, but but I'm going to read you something else that you will. But but but but here on Mount Si, it's where the ten commandments came. It's where the ten commandments came to Moses. It was all law. It was all about legalism. It was the law of death. And until Christ came, it was good enough. But then brother Bannon said in the message, a hidden life in Christ, he said, Mount Si is a place of duty, but Mount Calvary is a place of grace. He said, "And people are still trying to live on Mount Si. If I go to church and I pay my dues, if I do this or that, I'll quit or stop this." HE SAID, "BUT THAT'S STILL ON MOUNT SI." But when you come to a place where you're dead and your life is hid in God through Christ, sealed by the Holy Ghost, the whole Christian life becomes a great glorious shout and a hallelujah to you then because you're hid away in him daily. Friends, let me tell you again, we're not living a Mount Si religion. I'm not looking to go have a Mount Si religion. It's another mountain that my eyes are on. AND IT AIN'T BACK IN THE LAND of Israel, BUT IT'S ON MOUNT CALVARY WHERE JESUS PAID THE PRICE for the sin of all humanity. That's the mountain that our eyes are on. And the prophet said that great Jehovah, he thundered off Mount Si and he wrote the commandments. He's the same Jehovah that thundered off of Mount Calvary AND SAID, "IT IS FINISHED." WHEN MOSES CAME down and the thunderings WERE WRITTEN IN LAW, BUT THAT SAME JESUS OR THAT SAME GOD ON MOUNT CALVARY, HE THUNDERED, "IT IS FINISHED. He said the word of God what was finished. He was wounded for our transgression, bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. By his stripes we were healed. It is finished. &gt;&gt; He says, "So tonight, let us look to Calvary to where it is finished at. And let us accept it for by grace we are saved through faith, knowing it is your calling and election." See which mountain are you looking to say it's not a mount si religion it's a mount calvary religion which mountain are you looking to Isaiah said as a music players want to come Isaiah said hearken to me you that follow after righteousness you that seek the Lord but look unto the rock whence you were heuned in the hole in the pit where you were digged I got news for you friends we weren't heuned out of the stone of Mount Si. &gt;&gt; We were heuned out of the rock of Mount Calvary. &gt;&gt; That's where this church came from. &gt;&gt; This body of believers, this bride of Jesus Christ today, as you stand to your feet, we weren't hewing out of the Mount Si rock. We was he out of the Mount Calvary rock. &gt;&gt; We come from Jesus Christ, the law of life, &gt;&gt; the law of grace. that has been given to the children of God. &gt;&gt; Friends, I don't know about you, but I want a Mount Calvary religion. &gt;&gt; I didn't get where all I wanted to go tonight, but I think that's a good place to stop. A Mount Calvary religion. I can't think of anything anything else that's greater. Brother Mark, look where we come from. Isaiah said, "Look to the rock that you came from." Isn't it something? It's so easy to look to the wrong mountain. Look to the wrong that we weren't he out of that rock. We were huned out of the rock of Calvary. So, see, it was him, his righteousness, not our own. It's a constant struggle to every believer that really has a desire to serve God. It's a constant struggle in our mind, in our heart, is that that I want to do enough good to be pleasing unto God. And you should have that desire. But I'm going to tell you this tonight, and I want you to catch what what my purpose of speaking this tonight is that no matter how much good you do, it'll never pay the price. It'll never make you worthy. It ain't going to give you a a way into heaven. then it don't matter how much good you do. See, that ain't the that's not the rock that we're to look to. Look to the rock that you were heuned from. It's so easy to allow that. You see, you see why I say this? Because it's so easy to put our faith in the wrong things. Remember the context. The devil's trying to put our faith in something else so that it doesn't have the power that it should have. So, if he can get you to put your faith in your works and your faith and your Christian walk and your works as a as a believer, then you'll never have any power supernaturally. You'll never be able to move on with God because Satan has caused you to put your faith in the wrong place. Look, it's a treaty. Put your faith in your works. Put your faith in you. Put your faith in how good of a Christian you can be. But that ain't where our faith belongs. Oh, I love it. Look to the rock from where you were heuned. Said when his the spear pierced his side. All of them that ever belonged to him as it was poured out onto the ground, they were paid for right there on Calvar's cross. Every sin, ever, no matter how much you ever do in your life, it'll never make it'll never pay pay for what Jesus done on that cross. He paid the price. Said, "Put your faith in the right thing. Put your faith in the right mountain." Amen. I wonder how many tonight say, "Brother man, that's what that's what I want to do. I want to look." How many lift your hands? Say, "Lord, let me look to the the mountain that I was heuned from. That's where we were cut out of." Amen. And then it don't matter what the devil comes by and says, "Well, you can't you can't be a real Christian, you know, cuz after all, I I'm not going to bust you out, but I know some things you were thinking that nobody else knows." Isn't that what the devil does? I know something you looked at nobody else saw you, but I know it. See, he's trying to take your faith. said, "Well, devil, let me tell you, I'm not going to make a treaty with you because I've already made mine. It was made on Mount Calvary. And I'm not good enough anyway. So, you can tell me that all you want to. You can talk about me if you want to. And devil, I got news for you. I know stuff about me you don't even know. I've done a lot worse than you know. No matter how how ugly of a picture that he paints, look to the rock that you were huned. That's where our salvation is. Look to the rock where you were heuned. You're a son of God. You're a daughter of God. You belong to God. You're a believer. You're a Christian. You're united in faith by the Holy Ghost. You're part of the body. That's why you're here. Don't you think I know what that devil does? Give me some liberty. Let me tell you what the devil does. He tells you you're not a part of the body. It ain't a secret. He tells you you're not a part of the body and you don't belong and you don't fit in. He'll take anything anybody does, walks by you, any little thing, and convince you you're not a part. But don't look to that mountain. Look to the rock you were heuned from and say, "Devil, I didn't pay the price for me. I didn't pay it. I didn't have the ability to pay it." But Christ paid it. And when he paid it, it made me a part of the body of Christ. Christ done that. Therefore, I'm a part of the body because of what he done. It don't matter what anybody else does. Don't matter if they frown or if they're happy or they may be having a good day, a bad day. They don't matter. It has nothing to do with it. I'm a part of the body because Christ made a way. Amen. Look to the rock that you were heuned. But remember said it's a uniting time of God and his bride. I say this with reverence and respect. I believe that the bride of Christ is called. I believe she is sealed in the kingdom of God. I believe the mechanics is there. They're waiting for the dynamics that'll take her off the earth into glory in the rapture. I believe it with all my heart. Yes, sir. We don't know how he's going to do it, but he shall do it. He is the dynamics. And we just become members of the machine of his body, forming oursel into his image. And see him uniting himself with us in his works, with his love gifts as he hands them to us just before the wedding supper. And we're waiting and watching for that. How many's there with me tonight? We're just waiting and and watching with that. We just become members of God's great machine. Lord, wherever you want to use me. It don't matter. See, the devil can't trip me no more. They don't use me. I'm too big. I'm too He can't trick me. I'm just fitting into God's machine. Lord, wherever you need me, let me just fit into the machine that when the dynamics come, I can be carried off this earth. The devil's a disruptor. I know I'm hammering a spirit. He's a disruptor. But let me tell you something tonight. He lost the battle. &gt;&gt; You know why? Because the next time tonight or tomorrow, whenever he comes by and tries to convince you of all that nonsense, you say, "I'm going to look to the rock from which I was he. It ain't the rock of legalism. It ain't the rock of It ain't the rock of some denomination. It ain't the the rock of somebody else's way of belief or the way I should live. It's the rock of Calvary. I'm going to look to the rock of from which I was heuned. And you keep your head up as a believer and you go on and serve God. Take another step higher in your walk of faith, knowing that the only righteousness we have is in Jesus Christ. Pick yourself up and be a daughter of God. Pick yourself up and be a son of God. Oh my. I wish you could see the devil right now and you could just turn around and tell him, "Devil, you're a liar." Somebody just say it out loud. I love to tell him. I people think I'm crazy right in the middle of the store. I I don't care to stop and just tell him, "Devil, some thought comes by." DEVIL, YOU'RE A LIAR. I won't think that. That's a lie. I wouldn't think that about Travis anyway. He's my brother. Devil, you're a liar. Hey man, you're you're believers. Look to the rock from which you were here. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just ask you tonight, Lord, God, by the leading of your spirit, Lord, as you would speak to this body of believers, Lord, knowing the very places in our life, Lord, that we need the help and the the direction and Lord, the very things that need to be said. Lord, I know how the devil, Lord, I could many nights, Lord, laying in prayer for the church and God, and just feeling the pressure of people that God, maybe somebody said something to them to make them feel bad about their self or their walk. And God, some condescending word, but Lord, we ain't even going to hold it against them. Lord, I pray that you'd give them the courage just to be able to stand up on thy word. God, let their faith mix with the word that was preached tonight. Lord, let it bring about a supernatural result in their life. Lord, I ask you to have your way, Lord, in each one. Lord, we thank you for it now. In Jesus name we pray. Amazing grace will always be my song of praise. It was great that my liberty how you came to love me so. But you look beyond my faults and saw my need. I shall ever to you the cross where Jesus died. The grace of God come my falling soul. I fall. Amazing that brought me out of darkness into the light where I can clear see. I shall be from the mountains and the I fall so my knees. I shall forever my eyes to come. cross Jesus died for me. The grace that He know the fall of the Please be my soul. All the praise forever and all my labor. I do not know just how he came to love me. So all my forms on my knees. Lift my eyes to Calary to view the cross. When Jesus died, he died for me. How long the graces that called my falling soul. Oh, he looked behold. Oh, all my faults and he saw. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing that second verse now. Aren't you thankful for his grace? It was God's grace that brought me out of darkness into the light where I can clearly see. So I'll shout it from the mountains and the valleyies. Oh, he looked me all. Yes. All my faults and he saw my need. Oh, can you lift your hands and sing it now? I shall forever live. Oh, aren't you thankful for Calvary tonight? Oh, for his grace that was shown to you the cross where Jesus died. Oh yes, he died for me. How long? But the grace that called my falling soul. He looked beyond my fall and he saw my Oh, aren't you thankful for that tonight? I want you to give him a hand clap of praise. Aren't just thankful for Calvary. No longer were on the mount of duty, but we're on the mount of grace. Oh, he's so good to us. Let's sing that song. He paid a debt. He paid a debt. He did not owe I owed a debt. We all needed someone to come wash us. And he went up that hill and he said whenever he pierced his side, every single one that was birthed came out of him. Washed by the blood. Aren't you thankful for that? Oh, he paid a debt. He did not owe I owed a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone. Oh, to wash my sins away. Oh, I now can sing a brand new song. It's amazing grace halted home. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I couldn't. Oh, second verse now cuz he paid a debt at Calvary. Yes, he cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus or did all my sins. Oh, aren't you thankful for that? Cuz I now can sing a brand new song. It's amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I couldn't. Oh, sing that verse again now. Yes, he paid a debt at Calary. Oh, he cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad my Jesus hold my sins erased. Oh, I now can sing a brand new song. It's amazing grace called home. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I couldn't. Oh, sing this last verse now. Cuz one day he's coming back for me. Oh, to live with him. Eternal. He won't ever be glory. Oh, to see him on that day. Yes, I shall sing a brand new song. Amazing grace called head home. Christ Jesus paid a day that I could live. Oh, sing that again once more. He one day he's come back for me. Oh, to live. Oh, aren't you longing for that day now? on it be glory or to see him face to face. Yes, I then shall sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could bear. Oh, sing that first verse now. cuz he paid a debt he did not owe. And I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Oh, give a hand clap of praise tonight. Aren't you thankful for that? Let's just bow our heads as we get ready to go. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just want to come before you. Lord, we're thankful for Calvary, Father. Oh, we're thankful for the grace that was shown to us, oh God. Father, for paying our debt that day, oh God, we just so thankful, Father. Lord, and we want to show our gratitude by doing that which pleases you, oh God. Father, I pray you would just bless our pastor, Father, for pouring out his heart, Lord. Lord, coming before the people and preaching it straight, Father. Preaching it true, Father. I'm thankful for a pastor that'll do that, Father, that won't hold nothing back, but will give it to us, Father. Straight and true, Father. I'm thankful for that, Lord. And I just thank you for your word tonight, Father. I pray you would just be with us now, Father, as we'd go to our places of home, Father. May you just watch over us, keep us safe, Father. I know the storm's coming in, Father. But I Lord, I'm thankful. I know the master of the wind, Father. Lord, whatever would come, Father. I pray you just protect each one, Lord. Watch over each one. Keep everybody safe. Father, I pray you be with those that are sick at home. Father, may you give him a healing touch, Lord. Those that are traveling, be with our brother Andrew as he's on the missions field. Father, use them in a mighty way. Lord, I pray you just be with us now as we would go. Father, we just love you and thank you for each one. In Jesus name I pray. Amen. And amen. Well, let's just sing that again as we dismiss. And one day come back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory? Oh, to see him home that day. I then shall sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. Hold it home. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never bear. And he paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set
