################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-10-16 - Getting In The Spirit Pt. 152 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-10-16
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt. 152
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4di991Jj6I
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] the Lord God Almighty [Music] who reigns forever. Ever more. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever. [Music] Father in heaven, how we love you. Oh yes, we lift your name in all the earth. May your kingom be in our praises as your people declare your mighty word. Oh, blessed be the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns for forever more. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty [Music] who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God, Almighty Jes who reigns forever more. Hallelujah. Give him a good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. [Music] Praise the Lord. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord again? Again. One more time. Again, it's good to be here, isn't it? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. What a privilege it is to be here. So glad that you're with us here in the service tonight. If we have any visitors, and I see some, we want to say we welcome you to the assembly tonight. May God bless you for being here. Wherever you're from, we're just so glad to have each and every one of you. And to all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say, God bless our streamers. Give all of those folks a good hand tonight if you will. Praise the name of the Lord. Well, isn't it good to just know that God cares about you? You know, you had friends in your in your time, in your life that you thought they really loved you, and you found out it didn't really work out the way you thought it would, but I'm so glad that we've got a savior that loves us unconditionally. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. We're going to look at our prayer request at this time. First of all, we have have a card of of thanks. Uh this is from some folks and uh I hope I get this name of this county right. Blessings from Ephen Ephenham County, Georgia. We are praying for you all and are thankful for the opportunity to help in some small way as you serve your community. To God be the glory. Well, just give the Lord another good hand clap of praise for that tonight. Amen. Amen. And it takes us all working together, don't it? Praise the Lord. Sister Janet Payne sends in this prayer request tonight to remember the Loris family. I believe hospice care is watching him now at this time. So we certainly want to just pray that brother Lewis has been sick for a long, long time, but he's a fighter. So we just pray that the will of the Lord would be done. If it's time for him to go, I believe he's ready to go. And if he wants, if the Lord wants him to stay, ain't nothing can take him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh, Brother Doug Sadler from West Virginia, they have sent a message that they need a request for prayer sending on his behalf tonight. Very, very sick situation. The Lord knows all about that need. And my our grandson tonight, Drew Blevins, had a lot of dental work done today, some wisdom teeth taken out. So, he's in quite a bit of pain. if you'd remember him tonight in prayer. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is asking for prayer for her sister Mary, that God will take away the pain that she's experiencing and give her healing in her body. Sister Ruth is also asking for prayer that God will lead and guide her concerning some financial situations that she's facing. We'll just commit that to the Lord. Brother Terry Stockton wants us to remember her, his mother tonight in prayer, 91 years young, serious condition, intestinal condition. So, we want to remember her as we pray tonight that the Lord would be mindful of that situation. And we just uh I know there's many needs in our group tonight. How many of you have an unspoken prayer request you'd like for this assembly to pray about? We just want to commend all these things unto the Lord. Good to see Sammy and Jill Huard here in the service with us tonight. Amen, Sammy. The Lord the Lord spared you, buddy. We're thankful for that. God's good, isn't he? Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. Thank the Lord. Let me make this announcement, brother. This is from Brother Michael Bailey. We need some volunteers to be at be here in the morning. We have se several loads that will be going out real early about 8:30 a.m. So, if you could be here, let's let's do our best to take care of that situation. Also, someone Ken to the Gillis is cooking lunch for everyone that has helped out on the food relief, the flood relief at 12:00 p.m. Family and members are also welcome. So, remember that. That's tomorrow. There'll be a lunch served here for all you folks. So remember that you love the Lord with all your heart. Could we stand together tonight? Let's sing that one more time. Brother Harry, if you could give us that verse. Don't he sound good? Don't he sound good? Thank you, buddy. Praise the Lord. Father in heaven, how we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. Sing it church. May your kingom be established in our praises. Thank you Lord as your people declare your mighty word. Oh, blessed be the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. Blessed be the Lord God. Oh, say it to your children who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. [Music] Hallelujah. Brother Rob, come tonight if you will pray over these needs. Just want to give a a couple of updates to you tonight. I'm glad my wife's able to be in service with us tonight. Uh the the doctor's checked her uh pretty thoroughly today and waiting on some test results, but the Lord has touched her and she's able to be back in service and I thank the Lord for that. I really do. Amen. She's 76 and I'm 75. But I love her more now than I ever did in my life. I mean that from my heart. Our love should grow for one another. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, I won't say no more about that. Brother Larry Elliott is on his way to Nashville, Tennessee to Vanderbilt Hospital. He's got an appointment there on Friday, I believe it is. Uh, brother Larry's looking at open heart surgery. Uh, they don't know if they'll do it while he's there this time. It just depends on the severity of the situation. They may send him back home and reschedu or schedule for a later time. But I certainly want to pray for our brother tonight that the Lord would We appreciate brother Larry, don't we? You know, most of us don't realize the sacrifice that Brother Larry puts in working with our special singers and getting the all the chords and stuff right. And I want to say I appreciate Brother Larry. He's not here, but we appreciate him, don't we? Amen. Praise the Lord. Right. Here's another guy we kind of took a liking to. Brother Rob Weber. We don't know why we like you, but we do, buddy. Amen. Don't think about it. Don't think about it. We love you, buddy. Appreciate you. We love brother Louie, too. Let's pray. Dear Lord, thank you. We always thanksgiving that we come before you in prayer and thanksgiving and and my brothers and sisters, we come before you humbly in our hearts asking that you bind up the brokenhearted, right? Preach deliverance to the captives. Lord, bring liberty to this service. I pray. I thank you for these prayer requests and I thank you for all the the things that were mentioned here. Brother Larry was so dear to me and what was dear is the life they lived before me for five years that I could see Christ in him. I pray that you go to him now wherever he is and heal up the brokenhearted. I pray in spirit and in truth and we ask you Lord for these things and we know that you're you're desiring to do this in us for we are the final voice to the final ages we have been taught. Lord, help us manifest what you see in us. And I pray, Lord, that these prayer requests be testimonies of the living God bringing forth deliverance, Lord, to the flood victims, to the volunteers, and that it's more than just a sandwich. That it's a a spiritual thing that we're able to minister into the people in our community. Thank you, Lord, for your grace. Help us live up to what it is that you've called us to. And thank you for caring for us. Help us to care more for you in this service and the days ahead in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Rob. God bless you, buddy. users, if you'd like to come at this time, receive the evening offering, you give us unto the Lord. Once again, all of you that's here tonight, we want to welcome you. Glad to have you. Anybody in the world ought to know about the love, the power, and the grace of Jesus Christ, his word of life. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. Oh, I do. Anybody know about the love of Jesus? Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Sing it again. Oh, anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. I do. [Music] Anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. When I was searching, he saw me as hallelujah. Gave me answers, took away my doubts. When I was struggling to find my way, I heard the sweetest song sent to me from the throne. A song of love and grace. Anybody know about the grace of Jesus? Lord, I do. I'm glad I do. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Anybody know about the grace of Jesus of Jesus? Lord, I do. Yes, I do. [Music] He came and broke the chains of sin and death in hell. Said that I could use his name to defend myself. Thank you, Father. His power is my constant source of help. Oh, anybody know about the power of Jesus? Jesus. I'm so glad I do. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Anybody know about the power of Jesus? Lord, I do. [Applause] He came and broke the chains of sin and death in hell. Said that I could use his name to defend myself. His power is my con of hell. Anybody know about the power of Jesus? Jesus. Lord, I do. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Anybody know about the power of Jesus? Jesus. Lord, I do. Yes, I do. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We're going to have three specials tonight. Sister Brianna is going to sing. Brother Justin Reagan's going to sing. Brother Aaron Gillet is going to sing. If they'll all come on to the platform, be getting ready to sing at this time. Let's sing a little chorus. Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Amen. Do you believe that with all your heart tonight, church? If there's ever been a time we need to trust in Jesus is now, let's sing so we can sing that. It's an old old song, but let's see if we can sing that tonight. Jesus is the sweetest name I know. [Music] And he's just the same [Music] as his lovely name. Sing it to him. And that's the reason why I love him so. [Music] For Jesus is the sweetest name I know. You got to sing that one more time with all your heart. I know that Jesus is the sweetest name I know. And he's just the same as his lovely name. Oh, that's the reason that's the reason I love him so [Music] yes. Now Jesus is the sweetest name I know. [Music] Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. You can be seated tonight. Give our singers a nice hand as they get ready to sing for you. [Music] [Music] Thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your kindness. Thank you for all the things you do. Jesus, thank you Jesus. I can hardly count the times your grace has pulled me out. Sin and shame had left me bound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your kindness. Thank you for all the things you do, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you for your blessings. Thank you for a million little things. Thank you for the ways that you come through. Jesus, thank you. Looking back, all I can see is a history of miracles. And I know if you're here with me, then nothing is impossible. Thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your kindness. Thank you for all the things you do, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you for your blessings. Thank you for a million little things. Thank you for the ways that you come through. Jesus, thank you. Jesus, thank you. I can't say it enough. I can't say it enough. I can't say it enough. I can't thank you enough. I can't thank you enough. I can't thank you enough. I can't thank you enough. I can't thank you enough. I can't thank you enough. Thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your kindness. Thank you for all the things you do. Jesus, thank you. Thank you for your blessings. Thank you for a million little things. Thank you for the way that you come through, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your kindness. Thank you for all the things you do. Jesus, thank. Thank you for your blessings. Thank you for a million little things. Thank you for the way that you've come through. Jesus, thank you. Jesus, thank you. Jesus, thank you. Jesus, thank you. [Applause] [Music] When he told you you're not good enough. When he told you you're not right. When he told you you're not strong enough to put up a good fight. When he told you you're not worthy. When he told you you're not loved. When he told you you're not beautiful. You never be enough. [Music] Fear is a liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear is a liar. He will rob your rest, steal your happiness, cast your fear in the fire, cause fear. He is a liar. When he told you you were troubled, you'll forever be alone. When he told you you should run away, you'll never find a home. When he told you you were dirty and you shouldn't be ashamed. When he told you you could be the one. That grace can never change. Fear is a liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear is a liar. You will rob your rest. Steal your happiness. Cast your fear in the fire. calls fear. He is a liar. Let your fire fall and cast out all my fears. Let your fire fall. Your love is all my fears. Oh, let your fire fall. Cast out all my fears. Let your fire fall. Your love is all my fears. Oh, let your fire fall. Cast out all my fears. [Music] Let your fire fall. Your love is all I fear. Oh, fear is a liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear is a liar. He will rob your rest. Steal your happiness. Cast your fear in the fire. calls fear. He is a liar. Cast your fear in the fire cause fear. He is a liar. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You can't seem to hide. The hurt written on your face. You're broken inside. [Music] Longing for love's embrace. And it might be a while before you smile. I know cuz I fought that fight. And weeping may endure for the night. But it's almost morning. Joy will replace the tears. Calm all your darkest fears. It won't be long till the dawn. Tomorrow is another day to live free of all your pain. So don't give up on your faith. Cuz it's almost morning. I've been where you are. I've had my heart break, too. I've cried in the dark. I can relate with you. And I have prayed to see the sun break free while the storm was still inside. So when your darkness consumes the guiding light, remember that it's almost morning. Joy will replace the tears. Calm all your darkest fears. It won't be long till the dawn. Tomorrow is another day to live free of all your pain. So don't give up on your faith. Cuz it's almost morning. It's almost morning. Joy will replace the tears. Calm all your darkest fears. It won't be long till the dawn. Tomorrow is another day to live free of all your pain. No, don't give up on your faith cuz it's almost morning. No, don't give up on your faith cuz it's almost morning. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let's all stand tonight. Amen. Did you enjoy all those songs? They were good, weren't they? Give them another good hand if you will tonight. Amen. Let's sing this little chorus together as brother Donnie gets ready to come bring us the word of the Lord tonight. Spread your wings, little eagles and fly. Amen. How many of you glad to be an eagle tonight? What's the rest of you? If you're not eagles, what are you? How many of you glad to be eagles tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise. Amen. So spread your wings little goes and fly. Oh, you weren't born for the valley. You were born to soar in the sky. Don't let your trials get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Bound up with wings and fly. Sing it out. Spread your wings. [Music] Oh, sing it to a church. Oh, you weren't born for the valley. You were born so in the sky. No [Music] [Applause] heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Don't let your tr [Music] [Music] the Lord's glad you're an eagle tonight. Amen. Well, there's a time we probably thought we as chickens and we wasn't really sure what we was. God by his word let us realize that there was something greater, something bigger than us, something that the mighty God had thought about before the foundation of the world. How many's happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Praise the Lord. I'd like to wish two special young ladies a happy birthday today. It's Miss Leah and Miss Maria Parker. My granddaughters. [Music] We love them so much. So daddy asked them if they'd like to go out of town for their birthday if they'd like to do something special. So you know what they wanted to do? Come to church. Amen. [Music] You see, even though it's been a year ago today that the Lord took their mama, but their mama's life, their mama's teaching is still living them four girls and it l and we are so proud of them. Amen. We want to say thank you for praying for us. Praying for us of course this whole year and especially today. I've got texts and emails and WhatsApps and every other way of communication uh from people all over everywhere and um Africa, India. We just want to say thank you. I know people go through this all the time. All the time. Every day people go through things like this and they do it without the Lord and they do it without his people. I'm just so glad I didn't have to. I'm glad I didn't have to do it without the Lord and without his people. Aren't you glad when you face things, you have the Lord, you have his people. Maybe I'm not as smart, maybe scientific as other people, but I don't mind telling you there's been times in my life I needed God with skin on it. Just somebody to be able to pick up the phone or just drop you a line or whatever and let you know that they love you, that they're praying for you. And we're we're certainly appreciative of all of that. Again, I wanted to say how much I appreciate all of those um volunteers and those that are still distributing the food, the generators, water, everything else in the world that you can imagine from our fellowship hall there. Um still sending out several loads, some more going out again tomorrow. Found some more areas that are in real need. And um there was uh two more states that I wanted to mention after Sunday, Indiana and Alabama that we add to that list. And that's of people who's driven here, right? Um and brought uh truckloads, trucks with trailers, all kinds of different things. And u we're so appreciative for all of them doing that. For those of you that have taken your time, some as I said, it's taken awful work. Some sacrificed a great deal. mothers bringing their babies and their children along. And thank each of you for what you've done. We so appreciate it with all of our hearts. Let's turn tonight to the book of Joel, chapter 2, verse 28. I love this prophecy of the Old Testament. It's one of my favorites actually of uh the coming of the presence of God. And though Joel was a very small book as far as chapters in relation to say Isaiah, Jeremiah, but yet he spoke some some profound things. Now this is what I believe about prophecy. Okay, just so you understand what I believe about prophecy. When someone prophesies, they are saying something that is going to happen or something that is going to come to pass. So prophecy is not someone saying, "Yeah, I the Lord say I'm here." That is not future. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. The Lord say that I I I said I would bless you and I I'm I I've blessed you tonight. That is not foretelling. That's right. Hello. The microphone must have quit on me. Well, come on now. Do we believe? Look at the word. Look at the word. Check it out in the Hebrew lexican if you like and see what the word prophecy, prophet, prophetic actually means. And now watch. A prophet is going to give a prophecy. Joel 2:28. And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. Your old men shall dream dreams and your young men shall see visions. Now watch how detailed prophecy can be. It's not like a lot of the modern day stuff. Oh, the Lord the Lord is pulling me to this half of the church. Somebody's got a burden. Bozo the clown could say that. But prophecy can classify men, women, boys, girls. If God wants to, he can give you a street address. As a matter of fact, tell you your doctor's a heavy set doctor with glasses. three steps going up to your house. It can also be as plain as, "I see you coming home from school one day. You've got a yellow checkered dress on. A dog is chasing you. You fall through the door. It scars you. You've been afraid the rest of your life." So watch now. Shall something come to pass after that I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. Your old men shall dream dreams. Your young men shall see visions. And also upon the servants and the handmmaids. In those days will I pour out my spirit. Now, when the Holy Ghost comes in in Acts chapter 2, you're familiar with it. And whenever the people on the outside see them and they said, "The these people are drunk." But Peter finally gets up and he kind of comes to himself and he says, "These are not drunk as you suppose." Now, he didn't say they were not drunk. He just said they wasn't drunk the way they was thinking they drunk. They were drunk. But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel. And Peter could have went on to say, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled." Amen. Now, God of course was pouring out the rain. The rain. Now, listen to me carefully before we pray. There can be a former and a miniature ladder. And you'll watch the prophet when he lays out the church ages that he would say that there come a former reign and then God would send a small rain like at the end of that age that would bring it to fruition. But the reign we're looking for is just not at the end of the leadyan but the end of the gentile era. So, there have been little revivals on down through time, and I believe we will have them myself. Stirrings and revivals, but I'm looking for more than that. I'm looking for the resurrection. Oh, yeah. But until that comes, I'm good. If he wants to pour out one here tonight, what about you all? If he wants to do it, I'm open for it, man. If he wants me to dance, I believe the dancer can come by and I'll dance. But I ain't going to dance just because my brother Harry plays something fast on the organ. I want the dancer to dance through me. Amen. So, we are looking with all of our hearts now for Joel 2 to still be poured out because we're living in the time frame when Joel went on down a few verses below this and said that it would be an outpouring of the former and the latter rain together. Together. That never happened in the book of Acts. That's prophesied for the last days. That's our day. How many like to be remembered tonight as we pray? Heavenly Father, we count it a great privilege tonight to be gathered together, Lord, once again in the house of God. We thank you, Father, for those that put forth the effort to be able to come. And Lord Jesus, we pray for those that were sick tonight and maybe those that were weary and just couldn't make it. Lord, I I pray for Alicia at home. You see, she's had a really bad day today. Pray that you'd help her. Father, I pray, Lord, that you'd just minister to her tonight. I know many of the church family probably have thought about today and they felt a little bit heavy and all of that. We have, too. But we're so grateful, Lord Jesus, to know that when we come to the end of our life, it's not the end of who we are. So we have great hope tonight. Lord, as I told Lee and Maria today, we are one year closer to seeing Jesus and seeing our Erica again. Well, Father, I pray those of us that are still present and alive. Many of our brothers and sisters has completed their journey and they've went on. We're still here. You know what we need. You know what we'll face. So, we ask you to help us tonight. Father, speak to us. In the name of Jesus, we ask. Amen. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. We know that God whenever he placed the earth in the cycle of what he calls in the book of Genesis seed time and harvest. Seed time and harvest. And remember the book of Genesis, the prophet calls it the seed chapter of the seed book of of the Old Testament. And it means the beginning. But it was also the time of of sewing seeds. And we can see from what took place in the garden of Eden. It gives us an overview of what would happen over and over and over again down through the ages of the Hebrews and then when it come to the uh conversion of the Gentiles and the Lord Jesus dying on the cross of what would start happening in the church ages. So we know what we can expect uh to look for in the harvest by having a pretty good idea of what type of seed is being sown. So you as individuals, you want to know what next week will be for you. You want to know what next month might be, next year, two years from now, three years from now. look at what you're sewing today and you'll have a pretty good idea of the crop you're going to reap. Now, if you're sewing gossip, you might as well expect it. People are going to talk about you. If you're sewing halftruths, you're sewing a crop and there's something about them crops, they always multiply. So if you spread a half-truth about somebody and maybe you only told one person or maybe two or maybe three, don't don't be surprised if somebody tells it something about you and this one tells it, that one repeats it, that one repeats it. It might wind up being 50 or 60 or 70. And you know where that come from? Don't blame it on the devil. But you yourself actually swed that seed. Now I think if we would take this into deep consideration, it would make us a lot better people and it would make us want to do better. Not only just for the sake of doing better, but it would make our life even better. And even the prophet said himself that praying and I read it to you Sunday a week ago whenever he was talking about the third pull of his ministry and that he said he prayed that God would let it be something that would help suffering humanity that it might be able to help pe people be more healthy and more happy. And you think, wow. So, he didn't just want people to be more spiritual, but he actually wanted hoped that God would give him something that would help people to be a little bit more happy in life. I wonder what kind of PE church we would be if we took that as our desire, our motive, not just to bring people to our opinion about things and our ideology about things, but if we could just say something that would maybe lift a person when they're down, just look for the opportunity to be able to if you see somebody, they got a frown on their face and be able to say a little something that'll make them just a little bit more cheery. I went through Burger King here not long ago and they've changed their little sayings, you know how they do. So I pulled up into the drive-thru and the woman that was deal with her deal, you know, and she said, "You're at Burger King where you rule." And I said, "I would like a large drink." She said, "I'm sorry, sir. We're out of large cups." I said, "So in other words, I don't rule after all, do I?" So that woman busted out of laughing. I come up to the drive-thru and there was an old lady there waiting waiting on me and she said, "Was that you that just said that?" I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, "I'll remember that all day." When I went up to the window to pick up my mediumsized drink, they was laughing in there. They was waving at me. And I thought, "Poor old things get cussed out. They get jumped on." You know how it is. And you know how it ought to be the desire of every child of God to try to help not just your family, not just those in our home church, but anybody that you come across in your life that you might be able to say a kind word to lift them up. Come on, somebody. Now if it if that happens that way in the natural sense then what about spiritual multiplication of the word and what God has done down through the ages. Now we know it's a law of God that seed will come forth. Now I come by the the church here today and one I did. I saw a couple of guys out there in the field and one of them was driving sitting here tonight a gasoline or propane whichever it was operated aiator. Anybody know what that is? Some of you do, some of you don't. It's a machine which you stand up on the back of it and it goes over the dirt and it makes holes in the dirt. Then there was another guy standing out there with all kinds of grass seed. Now I wonder where in the world they got that instruction to sew that field over there. Reckon where that come from? I imagine it's the Sunday school teachers. Reckon Imagine it must have been the sound guys upstairs. It must have been maybe uh maybe some of you all that wanted the field to look more plentiful. You're looking at the guy right now because God made that field and we helped level it out, but there's so many bare spots in that field. I can't take no more of it. I want it to be full of grass. And that's the way I look at you. If I see a bare spot in your life here and a bare spot there, I think all that good ground's going to waste. So let me teal you up a little bit. Let me ariate your hide. Let me punch holes in you if need be. And then I'll come behind and sew down a little bit of Acts 2 and a little bit of Acts 4 and a little bit of Ephesians 1:3 and a little bit of Ephesians 2:6. And it won't be long if you've got real fertile ground and we can have another element called moisture. I will see you a more fruitful Christian than you were six months ago. Amen. Ain't that what we want to be? So then we know that the seed as powerful and potent as it is, the seed by itself cannot come up without an element of moisture. Now I love this the way the prophet deals with it in the spoken word again. He says, "A seed must have water to grow." Now, you put a seed in the ground and if there's no moisture in the ground, it's dust and it won't grow in the dust. Okay? It's got to have a certain percent of moisture or it won't grow. Now, we know the seed is the word. How many knows what the moisture is? How many knows? Say it. Spirit. Moisture is not the music. Moisture is not the musicians. Moisture is not deacons, trustees, Sunday school teachers. Moisture is not the preacher. But moisture is the spirit of God. And this is why we always want the spirit of God in our lives, in our church, in our youth services, even in Sunday school. When our kids are going back there to Sunday school, we think it's important that the Sunday school teachers pray, "Lord, please give me something to say and help me to say it in the right way." You know what they're asking for? Moisture. Moisture. That the spirit of God will be able to take that and sew that in the hearts of our little children. Aren't you glad they're doing that? So, we need the moisture like never before. This message will never reproduce itself without the moisture of the Holy Ghost. It's got to have a certain percent of moisture or it won't grow. And he asked the question, is that right? The letter kleth the spirit giveth life. See now it must have moisture to grow. Moisture Baptist Methodist Presbyterian Lutheran without the water. When he's first converted he looks right straight to Christ. He believes and the first thing you know that denomination binds him into a place and the moisture of the spirits gone from him. Now, let's bring it on down and not just leave it in them denomination. But the sad thing about it is there's also message churches that have done the exact same thing. They don't want the Holy Ghost move. They don't want a new birth. And they just simply say, "Well, if you believe God sent a prophet, you got the Holy Ghost." I have met thousands of people around the world that believe God sent a prophet. And they did not have a new birth. That's right. Prove it by the life they live. So, we don't want to just point our finger at them and say, "Well, that's all toward them." No, it's also toward us as well. And if Satan cannot stop us in our theology, he'll try to stop us in our moisture. So, we come to church and we worship without moisture. We sing without moisture. We'd sit there and we hear the word without moisture. So, we sat there with our mouths open. Feed me. Feed me. Feed me. Feed me. Feed me. Feed me, feed me, feed me. But you are supposed to add moisture back to that word by saying, "Ah, yeah, that's your part." You see, so you're watering it. Remember the prophet said that Abraham watered that promise of God every day with praise. So praise is water. So this is why I don't want to pump you up. I'm not trying to make you praise. I want you to do it on your own. But you know what? Sometimes if I need to remember I used to drink out of a system when I was a boy and we had one of them old sucker pumps out on the back porch. That's what they call it. I had to change that gasket many a time. And that old sucker pump, you go out there and you go to pumping like this. And boy, I'll tell you, I found a trick early on. if you can't get it to come up cuz that pipe went way down in that system. You'd have to pour a little bit of water to prime that baby. So you'd stand there and you go to pumping like this and you'd prime it. Well, you know what? Sometimes the service leader looks at you all and you look like the Sahara. You're so dry that a scorpion wouldn't even sat down by you in a chair and he knows he's got to do a little bit. Well, brother Lou, he's trying to pump. Yeah, he is. Brother Aaron's trying to pump you. Brother Justin, whoever trying to pump you out. And if they didn't, you'd look like Sahara in the song service. You look like the Sahara in the preaching service and you look like the Sahara when you went out. You may look like Sahara when you come in, but I want you to look like Woga Lake when you go out. I want you, oh, glory to God. I want you to look like you have been to church. I want you to turn that frown of yours upside down and say, "I have got so much to thank him for. He has saved me. He has healed me. He has delivered me. He has moved for me." You've got so much to praise him for. Oh my. Now watch the first thing you know. the denominational binds him into that place and the moisture of the spirit's gone from him, he becomes denominational and he's dead. I wonder if that can't happen in our ranks that we become denominational by the way we worship. Still baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Still believe in serpent seed. Believe women can't preach. Believe they shouldn't do this, shouldn't do that, shouldn't do that, shouldn't do that. And yet in our worship are just as dead as any denomination or church ever seen. Oh my. Come on. Woo Jesus. Here we go. Notice Jesus now speaking in Luke 8:6. This is the parable of the swer. Some seed fell upon a rock and as soon it was it was sprung up. Now we think, "Wow, man. Plant me on the rock. Plant me on the rock." You're mixing your parables. Yeah. I said you're mixing your parables. in this parable to be planted on the rock is not a good thing at all cuz it means you have no depths of earth and you know what'll happen the sun will dry you out cuz you have no depths watch the master teacher now the Lord Jesus some fell upon a rock and as soon as it sprung up it withered away why It lacked moisture. So, it jumped up real quick, maybe even quicker, maybe even quicker than a seed that was laying in the dirt because it responded so fast. And boy, it shot up. My goodness. Oh, hallelujah. I'm going tell you one thing. Oh, glory to God. But it didn't have any moisture in itself. So, you pull it away from the camp meeting. pull it away from the special service and see how much moisture it's got in itself. You see, this is the type of Christians we want to produce here at our church that on those days when you are by yourself, you still have moisture. So, whenever you don't feel God, you still have moisture. When you're going in the valley, oh yes, thank God for our brothers and sisters. I better express that tonight how much we appreciate it. But I want to have moisture in myself just in case I get caught out by myself. I still can fight. Well, praise the Lord. Now, I want you to listen to this. It it it just absolutely I've looked at this for, you know, for decades since I've come to the message, but it still overwhelms me. I've been going through again spoken words original seed and end time seed sign, which is the next night in Tiffan, Georgia. And every time I come across this, I just I I I was listening to it today. I just had to stop and shake my head. He was that seed that Eve should have produced. And again, I heard him say on over in this message that Isaiah should have come through Eve. Isaiah. So she had the privilege to give birth to Jesus. That's right. But instead she gave birth to Cain. Yes, sir. Oh my. Do you get it? He was the seed that Eve was to produce, but she hired it by disbelieving God's word. So he was that seed and the only way that life could be in the reproduction of life, life had to come through that seed. So this is God's original plan and planting that Christ would have been the seed of God. So she could have actually Adam would have spoke to her the spoken word and through her would have come every son every daughter would have been a short conceiving time would have been one after the other who knows I don't know but she should have been my mother not Betty Jane Reagan Eve should have been my mother She should have been yours. She should have been Isaiah's. She should have been Jesus mother. Then truly I would have been a blood brother to Isaiah, to Moses, sir, to Jesus. Yes. Well, I hope this don't stagger you, but I am anyway. That's right. Now, what she doubted, oh, glory to God, what she doubted, God allowed another virgin to say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Now, he was not going to bring me or you through Mary. She didn't have to. All she had to do was give birth to the second man Adam and then the second man Adam would take the rest of the births on his own self. Glory. So then this birth would not be committed to another woman. He trusted a woman there in the Garden of Eden. But he said, "I will not trust the birth of my children from this point on to any other woman." I'm talking about soul birth now. But he said, "I will do it myself who give you your new birth." It was not the church. It was not the preacher. It was the Lord Jesus himself. Every person around the world that is truly born again is born by Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Notice he said that in the reproduction of life, life had to come through that seed. And that seed had to die in order to spread out the life. And this is part of the mystery that he hid from Satan. He couldn't see it. He looked right at it, but he couldn't understand it. You imagine hell they must have been rejoicing and shouting and carrying on the office ever was when he was there on the cross. Eli Eli, my God, my God, why has thou forsaken me? And he thought, we've got him. We did it. We killed him. We have stopped the entire program of God. Until sir, it was not FedEx. It was not UPS or USPS. It was the US man. our man for us. You imagine how them demons when they went to open that door and the prophet said the devil walked up to that door and said, "Ah, it's you. You finally arrived. I thought I had you when I had came to kill Abel. I thought I got you when I got Moses and went through his all of his big deal." He said, "Yes, I have arrived and my blood is hot on Calvary." He said, "What do you want? This is my house." He said, "I want the keys. I want the keys." Let me just remind you, the devil ain't got the keys to his own house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. You imagine when the Lord Jesus stepped down there and it hit him. Oh my god. What have I done? You're mean. He tricked me. He tricked me. How could you do this to me? You knew I would fall for it. A dumb devil. Oh my, the Lord Jesus. Oh, I love the way the prophet said he slammed that door shut, took his foot and kicked it. Everything on the walls of hell fell off. The devil was 6 months picking up pictures and selfies. You know how he is. Had selfies all over the walls of hell down there. And the Lord Jesus kicked every one of them off. Hey, I am the seed of the woman. I'm the one that Abraham spoke about. I have a right. Give me the keys. [Applause] I imagine for six months the devil was in the foulest mood them demons had ever seen him in their life. They all tiptoed around him. You know, don't go near him. He's so mad. He's so aggravated. Jesus said, I ain't worried about you. You're defeated. As far as I'm concerned, I've got a little bit of delivery over here for my young ones because paradise was right down there in that downward realm and he was heading right over there. Oh my. He went over and knocked on that door to see who come to the door and said, "My Lord, there's the one I saw that was a wheel in the middle of the wheel and Jeremiah come up and Zachchariah all the saints and the prophets of God and Abraham said, "Move way. Move way. Let me see." And Sarah, Sarah, here he is. He's the one we saw that day down at the tent. Oh, he said, "Children, I've come for you." Imagine the devil's old bottom lip all pooched out. I can't believe. I thought I knew everything. I thought I knew everything. I read that Bible. I thought I knew everything he's going to do. How in the world did he trick me? Why did you demons tell me who he was? Why didn't you all give me a better observation of, well, I can't believe you all done this? So, you see who people's under their influence, they're always blaming everybody else for their problems. [Music] That's the devil that does that. Amen. But now it was too late. Because Eve's Christ child had now spread forth the breaking of the birthwater. His water broke on the cross. So water, blood, and spirit. the three elements that puts us back in the body. You imagine them demons getting on them Roman soldiers and they got that spear and rammed it right up in his side. Them demons anointing them Romans as they took that cat of ninetail and beat his back. Dumb devil. If he' have known it was going to heal your cancer and your TB and your asthma and your this and that, you think he would have done that? He' have had band-aids all over the body of Jesus, but he didn't know what he was doing. Same way with you and I. He makes it brag, "Lord, let me do this to him. Let me do that to him. I'll make them deny you." I told him today, I said, "Hey, devil, one year later, guess what? I still believe my God's a cancer killer. I still believe my God is a healer. I still believe, hallelujah, that you are defeated by the power of God. So devil, you've lost the battle. Oh my. So instead of her giving birth to this, she gave birth to Cain, a mongrel, part human, part beast. look different, talk different, thought different, ridiculed his word seed, brother. Praise the Lord. Let me say half brother. They shared the same womb, shared the same blood flow. Woo! Here we go. They nursed from the same mother. But they had different fathers. They were carried about the same amount of time. I hope somebody's sharing me tonight. My brother, sister, look around at where we are. The latter rain is fixing to be poured out. Amen. We can see the end time. We can see politics. We can see the world in the state that it's in. But let me tell you, let's not focus just on the bad tonight. But there is some good that is fixing to happen. There is a bride seed that has been sown and is fixing to come up. Not only will you come up, but the entire resurrection of the blessed saints of God are going to rise when the fullness of the power of God strikes this last church. Oh, hallelujah. They realize every man-made system does exactly the same thing that Eve did. So they had the opportunity, the Lutheran had the opportunity to give birth to Christ, but instead they took only justification and formed a system around it. Now let's protect this. Let's protect it. Remember the prophet tells us in the church age book, that's what the devil does to him. He'll tell him, "Now let's protect it. Let's protect it. Let's watch over it. Let's watch over it. Let's do everything we can to protect it. That's what a lot of the message folks think they're doing. God watches out for him, his word. You ain't got to protect it from this and that. Other all kinds of devils will try to come into it. That God's got a word that the devil cannot hybridize. So, it's not just mine and your job to protect the word. The word actually protects us. Oh, sure. We're here to stand for it. Amen. I believe all of that. But it's ev it's inevitable. Every one of us, if time goes on, every one of us are replaceable. That's right. Every one of us, this message is not depending on me living. As a matter of fact, I'm depending on it to live. Well, come on. If time goes on, I'll be gone. But Joel, you'll be gone. All the rest of you will be gone. And this word will live on and on and on. Every one of us from the top on down are totally replaceable. Oh my. Now, watch. He said that's why each revival has its own revival where it says each generation has its revival. God raises him up a man sets him with his word and starts him out with a message for that age. Now listen to this. And as soon as that man's taken off the scene, somebody else catches it and hybrids it. Now, keep in mind, it's not always a preacher. Sometimes it's business people. Got a lot of them around the message for sure, don't we? They feel like, you know, they have an idea of how it ought to go. Preachers have a hard enough time, much less people they ain't even called to handle the word. That's right. Now watch the pattern that God gets a man and he starts him out for the message for that age. And as soon as that man's taken off the scene, somebody else catches it and hybrids it. Each generation has its own revival. It gets a chance at the word. Then they hybrid it instead of taking on and they go somewhere else. Now remember there were four death messengers that cut down that original planning from Acts two. Four death messengers. Then there will be four life messengers that will come and restore it. Remember we've been through it many many times. And there will be increments of time that God will let out certain things of his word. Now remember whenever God does it that way that God sends say first stage and then God sends the second stage but he does not send the second stage to replace or do away with the first. It's actually the first one of the true merges in to the second. So Lucer come with what? The just shall live by faith. Amen. Now whenever God said that it was there for many many years but God had another word which was what? Sanctification. Is that right? Now when the Methodists believed that they could get sanctified did they all say we don't believe in justification no more? No. Actually believing in justification led them to the further stage of sanctification. So the true believers went from stage one, but they didn't say, "I don't need to be justified no more." But they actually merged from justification to sanctification. Now, what were the Methodist? The prophet uses the term several times. They were shouting Methodist. Now, for those of you who believe that shouting started with Pentecost, you need to catch up on your history because actually shouting started in the Methodist church. Oh, you didn't know that? It was the Methodists that started shouting. Now, I guess the only shouting that most mess do anymore is with their mouths, shouting the preacher down and shouting about this and shouting about that. But actually it was a move of God under sanctification. And they started shouting and they would pass out in the floor and they would get handkerchiefs and fan them like that. They would actually get buckets of water. And am I telling y'all? Some of y'all didn't know really because they thought they passed out. So they would pour water in their face. Carol remembers one of the few times that she ever went to church because her grandfather was a preacher. I've told you before. circuit writer, preacher, and they took her one time to a Baptist church. How old was she? 8 or 10 years old, maybe something like that. She went one time and it was the Gap Creek Baptist Church, Harry. Right down below where we live. And it was a Baptist church, but she said she remembers all them Baptist women having on skirts. Well, tell me, my goodness, all them women had on skirts and they had long hair and they had the office shouting, "Meet there was in that Baptist church." And Carol remembered as a little girl that one time that she went, she remembered walking out of that church building, seeing bobby pins laying all over the pews and all over the floor in a Baptist church. Ain't that something? So, what was it then? them part of them had been able to immerse into the moo of the Methodist move. So John and Charles Wesley and some of those other brothers whenever they got free from their habits, the spirit of God took them a dip deeper than justification and they got into a place of praise and worship and started shouting. My goodness, it it's really sad to me that we don't think that we ought to have a little move of that oursel every now and then. [Applause] Well, hallelujah. Now, watch. Now, I want you to notice this that as it comes from Luther to Wesley. Then it comes to the third stage, which is Pentecost. Isuza Street. Well, familiar with it. Then along came the Pentecostals with the restoration of the gifts. I've been looking at this this week to see how many times that the prophet used this term to identify the Pentecostal message. And he uses it over and over and over again from the 40s right on to the end in 1965. So Pentecostal's message, the summation of it was that it was the baptism, but it was also the restoration of gifts. Oh, we got justification, then we got sanctification, then Pentecost message was the baptism of what they call the Holy Ghost and the restoration of gifts. Come on. Huh. But as I started looking at this and I thought, well, that seems kind of odd to me that some of the message people are focusing more in the last days seem like on the third message than they are their own. Right. And in my searches of Malachi 4, Luke 17:30, Revelation 10:1-7, and tried to associate that with the restoration of gifts, I was surprised that the prophet placed the restoration of gifts under the Pentecostal message. That's right, sir. Amen, brother Donnie. Oh, praise the Lord. I love the way he brings this together. Now then along came the Pentecostals with the restoration of gifts. And you spoke with tongues and you made a doctrine out of that. Oh, you spoke with tongues and you made a doctrine out of that. Then what happened? Your lights gone out. What's the matter? It's because you failed to stay with the word. Oh my goodness. So these people had went in the light of the day. But then when the light moved on, they said, "No, we ain't save no prophet. There ain't no way in the world we're believing no prophet. We don't even believe in prophets. Bible belonging the prophets aren't under John. You're quoting that scripture to prove there ain't no prophets. You make the New Testament fight itself. According to the book of Acts, prophets there among the Gentiles, Sylvanius, Agabus on down through there. Paul even talked about in Corinthians. Come on have church. Can anybody say amen with me? Y'all happy? Amen. Now watch. He said your light's gone out. What's the matter? It's because you failed to stay with the word. God's words were unfolding and we must unfold. As God's word unfolds, as time unfolds, signs unfolds. Oh, praise the Lord. So, it unfolded into justification, but that was not the final fold. Then it unfolded into sanctification. Then it unfolded into the restoration of the gifts. Yeah. But is that the last fold? Former and latter reign in Phoenix. The first reformation was Luther. We had a great big wide place. Justification by faith. The church was shook. Then came along Wesley. The second big revival shook it down to sanctification. The church becoming the minority. Now remember he's talking about the symbolism in the form of a pyramid. The church become into a minority greatly in the minority. Then after that come Pentecost the restoration of the gifts. It shook it down now to just a little thing like a pyramid coming up. But right at the end time before the capstone can come to the pyramid. What about it? What is it? Then the church is really in the minority. Okay. So starts out wide with Luther. Then Wesley come in fewer people believing it. Come in with a restoration of gifts. Fewer people believing it. Comes up right under the capstone itself. Now it must be honed down to where whatever's on the earth here will fit the capstone when it comes down. Only the master builder knows how big the capstone is. Now remember the capstone is actually a mini pyramid itself. So it's just a little te. But the capstone is not shaped like a circle. The capstone is not shaped like a rectangle or a box or a square. The capstone is a mini pyramid itself. And it has a little T90 base at the bottom. So, do you think God is going to cap off the last day church and a capstone say the base is going to be that wide and then the top of the last age is going to be that wide. And God miscalculated the measurement. God did not know how to build a church or the capstone is going to be ginormous and we've got it narrowed down where it's our church and just maybe two or three more and that's it cuz we're the only bride left. I mean, this is the bride's revival, man. alive. They ain't heard of about maybe 50 or 75 of us. That's all. You You're not listening to the master builder. Come on, somebody. He's the only one that knows. And I've done figured out a long time ago. I do a good job just been able to fulfill my position, much less want to take God's place. I know there's a lot of folks feel like they could do God's job and they like to give God a break because they feel like they can run the universe, the earth, everything, the church and all, and they just feel like they could just help God out a little bit. But myself, I'm ignorant, stupid, all that sort of thing. But you're dumb as a doornail. If that's what you think about yourself, you're dumber than a jack rabbit. I'll tell you that right now. Because there's only one God. Come on, somebody. There's only one omnipotent. There's only only one that's all powerful. And the rest of us ought to just be glad to know him. That's right. Amen. Woo. Notice this. Now, now the Oh, I love this. The church is really in the minority as it was in the days of Noah. So coming up the walls of the pyramid, they're getting more like this, more like this, more like this. What's going to separate them? Will it be a jump? Will it be an emotion? Will it be a shout? Will it be this doctrine? It'll be predestination, my brother. Oh yes. As it was in the days of Noah, so will it be in the coming of the son of man, where eight souls were saved by water. Now the coming of the son of man, what is it? Listen. The coming of the son of man, what is it? The church come from justification, sanctification, baptism of the holy spirit. Now both former and latter rain come in. As it close approaching, as my hand is a shadow, it becomes closer, darker, darker, darker. Hand and shadow become the same. You can't see my hand from where you are. You can see this, but you can't see the shadow on the this top of the pull pit here. But as I lower it down, it's becoming darker and darker and darker until the shadow and the hand become the same thing. But watch what's going on this way. Now people have got it in their mind, not a pyramid at all, but some sort of colossal shape that has started out like this, and this is the way they've got it. It's getting bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. The whole world, everybody around the world, millions times millions. Oh, it's getting bigger and bigger and bigger. We're not playing golf. That's right. So, you set a golf on that little T90T and then you hit off the top of it. God ain't building a golf course. No, sir. He's building a pyramid. And it's getting smaller and smaller and smaller. That's right. Well, to be honest with you, I don't care how small it gets, I'm in it. If ain't but 500 left. I'm not sure who the hund other 499 are, but make way. Here comes Donnie. And if you ain't got that same revelation, you ought to say, "Brother Donnie, now wait a minute. If ain't but one had a word of life going, my brother, I'm sorry. You better move cuz it is me." You ought to be that convinced of what God has done in your life and you are so much a miracle that you know the rapture cannot happen without you. Amen. Anybody feel that way tonight? Amen. Now watch. So the shadow becomes darker and darker. Watch it lies in the meal offering. That during the days of Lucifer, we live by justification. During the days of Wesley, we live by sanctification. The church become in the minority. In the days of Pentecost, we live down through the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the restoration of the gifts. Now we're really in the minority coming to the son of God. Here they believed by faith. Here they shouted. Wow. Shouted under sanctification. Here they spoke in tongues as a gift. But now the negative and the positive, the caps coming on the pyramid. It's the end time. Listen, children. This is what I'm waiting for right here. when the Christ and his church is so much alike that it's going to call the dead from the Methodist the Lucen and all those back there. There'll be a resurrection that fell asleep in the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh watch will arise one of these days to meet Jesus in the skies. The hour has arrived, friends. The coming of the Lord is at hand. So notice then it is more than justification. That's we believe in justification, don't we? Now watch this. Since the days of Lucer, they've lived under justification. The days of Wesley, they come a little higher. The church become in the minority under sanctification. They come in the Pentecostal move which was the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the restoration of the gifts. Now we're going just in above that to the capstone. So it's just right above it. So can a person be in the capstone revelation and deny the move of the spirit of God? No, they can't cuz that's the age closest to ours. They believe and they want a real move of God. Now they don't want fanaticism because they don't think they have to settle for fanaticism. That's right. Is that right? They love emotion, but they're not basing their new birth on emotion. They judge their walk by the word, but they love it. Which watch now? So then come the Pentecostal move, which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the restoration of the gifts. Now we're going just in above that to the capstone. The church, the spirit in the church and the spirit that's in him has got to be the same. So could Jesus deny real truth speaking in tongues? Could Jesus Can you imagine Jesus ever saying, "Well, I'm sort of the same, but I don't I don't really heal people anymore. I don't do miracles no more cuz I I just I just I I just don't believe in that anymore." Well, Jesus couldn't do that. Amen. Can you imagine? Then Jesus sended a prophet messenger with a message and Jesus saying, "Well, I'll tell you what, you message followers, you know what? Really really Paul never used that word C gene soul and all that. Uh, so I I I'm really having a problem with what brother Brandham said. Uh, so you're y'all exempt from not believing that. Hallelujah. Amen. Must have been pretty important to Jesus. He didn't even have his prophet to say it till the last few months of his life on earth. That's right. Something's fixing to happen and God breaks it loose and lets him see it. My children in the last days is going to need this. They're going to need it. Tell them they've got a sea chain in their soul. Go ahead and say it this way to them, William. A soul of God that was in God before the foundation. Amen. of the world. Amen. Notice from the great first reformation in Luther, the church had a wide stretch. That was still the Holy Spirit moving in the days of Luther. I don't know about you, I'm looking for true Lutheran. Yeah. In the resurrection. I'm looking for two Methodists in the resurrection. Amen. I'm looking for true Pentecostals in the resurrection, but I ain't looking for no 1906 coming out of this message in the resurrection. Woo! Lord have mercy. What did I just say? I said the truth. Amen. I'm looking for real 1906 people to come up in their day. But I ain't looking for none of them. To come out of the message churches still preaching 1906 Pentecost. Amen. Boy, is the heat up in here tonight or is it just me, man? From the first reformation in Luther, the church had a wide stretch. It was still the Holy Spirit moving in the days of Luther. Then he come into the minority again when John Wesley was sanctification. Second work of grace he called it. Then along come the Pentecost restoration of the gifts still narrowed down and it's narrowing on now until the church and Christ will become one. when it does. Listen, children. This is not optional. This is the Well, we're just in the chain of link and there'll be 45 more links. We are at the last link. This is the last word from God. Amen. To the Gentiles brought to us by his prophet messenger. There are no other messengers. There are no eighth day preachers. There aren't no eighth day prophets. We have the last word, the last utterance from God to bring us to this next thing I'm going to reach you. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, it's narrowing on out now into the church and Christ will become one. And when it does, the coming of the Lord will be and the resurrection of all those that sleep in him shall rise. It ain't no wonder Satan attacks this message like never before. But let him attack all he wants to. He ain't never going to stop it. We've got some sharpshooters in this word. So go ahead, devil, raise your head up. I'll blow your head off. Go ahead, devil. Raise up your two so ideology. I'll take my double barrel. I'll take my shotgun. If I had an Uzi, I'd take it. If I had AK-47, I take it spiritually. I'll do whatever I've got to do. You better look out, devil. When I pull open my cape, I've got M80s. I've got M90s. I've got grenades. I've got quotes. I've got scriptures. I've got Hebrew word. I've got Greek words. I got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I wish somebody would worship God with me tonight. I believe God's got some men in this last day that ain't scared of the devil. They're not scared of the world. They're not scared of CNN and NBC and ABC or nobody else. Huh? So, justification made way for sanctification. Sanctification made way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The baptism of the Holy Ghost made way for the Holy Ghost himself. Right. Yes, sir. Don't you understand the fourth light is not the restoration of gifts. It's a restoration of the person of the son of man himself. Yes, sir. That's true. Hallelujah. Satan would love nothing better than for us his message people to make a turn out here and start back toward the third light. The third move will never produce a resurrection now. I'm feeling the third light. Oh my. Notice when it does, the coming of the Lord will be and the resurrection of all those that sleep in him shall rise looser. Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, all that's got his spirit will rise to meet him in the air. God grant that time right away. Even so, come Lord Jesus. Now watch, this is 1962. God is taking the elect out of that Pentecostal church, that hybrid, that hybrid. So once Eve allowed her womb of her mind and of her body to become polluted, God would never allow her to bring forth a spoken word birth child. She forfeited her rights. She typed every denominational system that once they forfeit their rights to give birth to Christ the word and they make an organization run by man, controlled by man. Come on, children. Can't you see whether it's out yonder where it's in our own ranks when man gets in charge of anything and you go here and you do this and you do that, we're playing this tape on a certain certain day and you go here and you do this. Can't you see it's man again? And the prophet said, "When you make a man your leader, you run out the Holy Ghost." God wants the Holy Ghost to be your leader. Yes, he uses men. Men that are full of the Holy Ghost, a man full of the Holy Ghost don't want to be your leader know how. He's going to point you to Christ Jesus. Oh my Lord Jesus. God is taking the elect out of that Pentecostal church, that hybrid, pulling it out and finishing up the word. It's got to be so close until the word itself will blend with this word. So Christ, the male portion of the word down through the church ages have been been working on a female portion of his own creation. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Bringing it up higher, higher, higher. Not bigger and bigger, but littleer, littleer, littleer. Ain't it amazing? Gets smaller as it goes higher. That's the opposite the way man thinks. Man thinks bigger, greater, bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger. You know, God said, "No, littleer, littleer, littleer, higher, higher, higher, littleer, littleer. Higher it goes, the smaller it gets." Why? Because fewer people want to hear it. Fewer people want to live it. Fewer people want to walk it. But God said, "I'm molding it down. I've got this dimension. I've got this dimension right here, the pyramid, and I've got to make the body right down on the earth. And it will be exactly perfect." When the headstone sets down on this life day, church, there won't be a quarter of an inch over on this side and a half inch over on that side. Well, God measures. Oh, man. Oh. Oh, man. I was cutting a leg today on a on a nightstand that I'm building for Carol. Oh, I got that thing all cut out. Had a 25 and a or 22 and a half degree cut on one side, 35 degree cut on the other side, and then a 90 on the other side. Oh man, I had it all perfect, exactly right where it's supposed to be. I got my little router out there routing it all around. That crazy router bit, dug into that piece of walnut, took a chunk, plum out of the side of it. I'll tell you, one thought, "Oh my goodness, all the work, all the measuring that I done, you know what to do? Make another one." But I ain't God. I can't go back in there and say, "I will restore, sayeth Donnie." Oh, but God said it went down past the bark. It went down past the leaves. It went down to where there was nothing left but a stump. But God said through the sin of water. Through the scent of water, I will restore, sayeth the Lord. Oh, the devil tears out chunks here and chunks there. And when he will send a click and a clam and he'll divide and split the message as he's always done, God just keeps them going right on. Don't slow God down at all. Oh, there comes the headstone crying, grace, grace. Wow. Show you men the headstone ain't crying. Gifts gifts. Seven thunders peruse you sir return ministry return ministry. [Music] But grace grace. Grace. Well, if we're going to be crying that, I figure that ought to become a pretty common part of our vocabulary. So, if God offers grace to somebody that you think don't deserve it, you might need to change your vocabulary. This has been my mindset for a long time. If God offers grace to people that looks like to me, they've crossed the line. But I see my God offering them grace, who am I to say they can't have it? I don't think my God holds eternity before people like you would a carrot before a horse and say, "I want to dangle it before you, but you can't have it." That's not my God. That's a man-made God. If God offers people mercy, who are you to say they can't have it? If God offers them healing, whether they've got long hair or a long dress or if they got on britches and bobbed hair and God anoints me to pray for somebody, I'm going to do it. And I have done it. And I've watched God heal him. Why? Because God gives grace to whom he gives it to. And it ain't none of your business or my business to say this one or that one can't have it. Oh my. Let God give grace and save as many as he will. Woo. Praise the Lord. Notice God's taking from there, horning out a bunch to make a ministry just exactly like that word. Because it's got to fit. There's the bride. Take her up till you get it. Amen. For God said, I will restore it. He's going to restore it now by four deaths. messengers killed it. Then four life messengers were restored. What was the first? Martin Luther justification. What was the second? John Wesley sanctification. What was the third? Pentecost with the restoration of kiss. Friends, he says this over and over and over again. The Holy Ghost. The baptism of the Holy Ghost. What was the force? Restoration of gifts. What? the word. Amen. But believe it or not, that includes justification, sanctification, restoration of gifts. That's right. That's why we needed a prophet to tell us how to operate them. That's true. He must have believed before this bride left this world there would be a true display of gifts. Yes. Not like the ones I saw in Pentecost. Hit miss. Hit miss. Hit miss. He said there's a preacher called Carol out one night in Pentecost and told her she had cancer. She refused it. It wasn't true. There's another preacher called her out and told her she's called to preach. Made me fight and mad. just teasing. Oh, but how I've longed to see gifts that don't miss. Yeah. Gifts that can so lay it out. Your name is so and so. You know, tell brother so and so not to go to his his place of business tomorrow cuz there's going to be a truck that's going to overturn. Watch this and this. Oh, you say, "Brother Donnie, that's too hard." That's the way Paul taught it in the New Testament. Amen. Then Paul said they you will reveal the very secrets of their hearts and they'll know God is among you. Amen. That's real gifts, my brother. I'll tell you one thing. I don't care if it's 15 minutes before the rapture takes place. I'd still like to see a real manifestation. I've seen enough of the other. Come on, somebody. Oh, you Oh. Oh, Lord. Brother D. Oh, that tears me all the pieces. Oh my my. Why you're scared to death of a scarecrow? Why can't God who give a perfect gift can he operate in a perfect way? If he can get people that'll get themsel out of the way and don't want to be a big shot about this or that or the other. Come on, somebody. If God can do that right before the bride goes home, why would not we want God to manifest himself that way? Let me close. Some of y'all's the happiest you've been since I started. Bless your little hearts. You're smiling just like a possum right now. Yesterday losers mana would not work for Methodist. Methodist mana would not work for Pentecost. Pentecostal mana will not work for today. That's right. Now, you know, there's things that I saw in Pentecost, and I know some of the preachers, they go back and say, "Oh, no. Here he goes again." Yeah. Here I go again. Okay. But you know what I would watch? I would watch a preacher get up and preach and maybe be sincere and honest before the Lord and preach, you know, everything that he knew. Pray, brother, you churches all your life. Pray and and do everything they knew to do. And people would sit there, look at him. Sometimes they didn't holler. Amen. Sometimes it would, sometimes it wouldn't. And then maybe at the end of the service, somebody get up, speak in tonesues, and say a few words in tonesues. And then, you know, somebody jump up and say, "I the Lord I'm here and I'm going to do this, that, and the other." And people would go stark, rave, and mad. They would run. They would jump. They would scream. They would holler. And they say, "Boy, God spoke. God spoke." So what was the preacher doing? Amen. Amen. Now, you know what gets me is the same thing that's happening in message churches. Oh my. So, the preacher will get up and preach and preach and labor and preach and people will sit there and amen. Hallelujah. Really good. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. And somebody up and basically repeat the same thing I saw in Pentecost. I the Lord say I'm here and I'm going to do this and that and the other. Nothing future, nothing foretold. And people will take off screaming and running and hollering and jumping and you say, "Oh, praise God. Praise God. God spoke." Well, what was God doing the hour and 15 minutes that the preacher was up there preaching? Yes, sir. And we say, "That's what they done. The original church. You show me." Come on. Now, some of you preachers, I'm challenging you tonight. either put up or shut up. Get off my back. Amen. I believe running, jumping, screaming, hotter, and shouting. But if we was going to try to prove it by one example in the New Testament church, I want you to send me the scripture. Yeah. Show me where the Ephesians church shouted. Dear Jesus. Amen. Amen. Would it be okay with y'all if I took some of that free food over there? I may need it after tonight. [Laughter] Well, show me. Show me where they stood up and prophesied. And it was a bunch of stuff that was no prophecy at all. But I will show you where Agabus took the garment of St. Paul and said, "Whoever owns this, he's going to Jerusalem and this is going to happen and that's going to happen." He's also the same man that stood and prophesied and said a durse would come upon the earth. They was not standing up and guessing, oh, you've got a spirit on you and you've got this on you and you've got that on you and none of it never come to pass. Don't you understand what's happening in our ranks? Hybridizing, crossing 1906 with this headstone. Lord have mercy, brother Joel. We're this close. And we would want to go backwards. And God's prophet said, "If you all will trust my understanding of the scriptures, I'd like to show you how them gifts ought to be operated." Then yet preachers stand in the pull pit and ridicule and say, "I know brother Ram said the gifts need to be on the shelf, but I'll tell you one thing. I don't think we need them there." What? You're going to exalt your little brain over the top of the prophet of God. Yeah, it's happening tonight, Lord. Truth, brother. Look, friends, I've come too far now to compromise. I done seen what that produces backyard. Some of y'all have too. I am not taking our church to that mess. A preacher told me years ago, he come to my church in Kentucky and preach himself as off the word. I confronted him right in the foyer right after church, right in front of everybody. He stood in the pre in the pull pit and preached things that wasn't right. So I just confronted him right there. I wanted everybody to hear me. I said, "You wasn't saying what the prophet said. Prophet said this and he said that and he said, "Oh, well." I said, "No, wait a minute. You are not saying what God's prophet said. Therefore, you're a liar." Come on. Church age booking Christians, that's what they done. They call them false prophets liars. How could they do that? Well, they judge him by the word. Well, judge me and every other preacher. I don't care how much he speaks in tongues, how much he jumps. He might soar through the through the church with wings on his back. If he ain't saying what the word says, you better stay with this word. Listen. This is the introduction. The headstone, the last day, the bride tree, which is contrary to all of it. Yet it's the same light for the matured. Lutheran's never matured. Wesleyans never matured. Full maturity of fourth light. Pentecost never matured. That's why there's always something in me and all the rest of these that was in Pentecost. There's something in us longing for more. What was it? Maturity. Ready, brother Jack? Maturity. I could have never come to who I am as long as I would stay there. So why would I want to go back then and say, "Well, I'm in the message now, but I'm still eating manner from there." Look, I ate chucks every way you could fix them. in Pentecost cuz that was the Pentecostal message. Right, Lance? I ate them right fried, boiled with cinnamon and with sugar, reffried, microwaved, splinted, boiled, however, with eggs, with broccoli, with pumpkin spice on the side, every way that sucks could be fixed. Right. But once I started tasting some real seed word, I don't want no more shocks. Amen. As a matter of fact, you cannot fix them. Oh, delicate enough to even be able to get my nose to right. Wow. Them shucks have got butter and cinnamon and honey, but honey, they're still shucks and they ain't got no life in them. Come on, somebody. Amen. But boy, once I happened into Boaz Field one day, and he had them messengers up there in front of me and they just kind of election. Here I come along through there just a little hungry pup, you know, election. Lord have mercy. That's that old false doctrine stuff, that old predestination stuff. But my little seed J said, "Come on, smell it. Come on. It won't hurt you. Take a little bite of it." I reached in there, got a little bite of this. Glory. That's a scripture. Thank you, Lord. So, there's a preacher come to my Pentecostal church and started preaching about Brother Brener being a prophet. Made me matter in a hornet. So, I got my Bible. I thought, I'm going to get my Bible and I'm going to prove that man's wrong. I got in my Bible and proved I was wrong. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. I hope there's still some people left on the earth that when the Bible or the message proves they're wrong, they can admit it. Don't we want to be right, children? This is not like that we're going to miss a stripe. This is not like we're going to miss a little ember of glory. If we don't have the right message for the right day, we miss the rapture. So to mix this message with Baptist, to mix it with Methodist, with Church of Christ, with Pentecost, we're hybridizing our diet. Remember the prophet said by feeding the women hybrid food back in the 60s it would get to a place women couldn't no longer have babies because it was changing their shape narrowing their hips where they couldn't spread to be able to give birth. So you look at the church the same way. Feed them a hybridized diet. Right? So they can't give births. They can't give births. Amen. Oh, glory. But we want real births around here. Brother Donnie, will I jump? Will I shout? You may do all the above. And then you may be like one of my favorite Christians that used to come here at our church, Brother Jim Bab. I never seen him do a march around Jericho. I never seen him take a line by the beard said haha. The wildest I ever seen that man get was reaching and getting his handkerchief and wiping his eyes and shaking his head. I do imagine once he entered into that new body, he got plumbed beside himself. Amen. About like old brother Kenneth Yarns. Brother Lewis said one night, "Brother Kenneth got as wild as a buck in church. He was beside himself." He raised his hand up about that high when they were singing. But you know what we do? We say, "You got to do this and you got to do that and you got to do that. You ain't got it. You ain't got it." We're going right back where Pentecost was. Amen. We're doing the same thing. Jesus. Amen. Let them get born again. Yes. Then let God bless them the way he wants to. Some of them may bring a whole carton of handkerchiefs to church. They just cry. Glory to God. Others of you wore plum out whenever you get gone because you've shouted and danced around so much. Praise the Lord. I wish we had a few more shouters myself. But I don't want you to shout because somebody else is doing it. I want it to be way God blesses you. And that's the way God wants you to do. Ain't that what we want our church to be? Individuals. Oh my. I've got to start this youth camp out tomorrow night. So, y'all pray for me. I'll get all this John the Baptist gear. Any of our youth going over there? Yeah, I see the few are. They're probably saying, "Oh, dear God, help Brother Donnie before tomorrow night." Amen. Oh, children, my heart, my heart aches. My heart yearns to see people so in love with the Lord Jesus that they love him more than life itself. If I can get you there, no matter what you'll ever face, all hell, Amen. will never pull you away from Christ Jesus. Glory. Amen. Let's bow our heads together. Oh my Lord Jesus. I pray tonight, Father, you'd help us. We believe this to be the truth. Lord, we believe in justification. We believe in sanctification. From a look at some of the churches, looks like they need a good dose of it. We don't believe that the message comes at the end time and say, "Well, do away justification, sanctification, the Holy Ghost, and the gifts and all that." No, that ain't what we believe. We believe all of that makes this church. But father, we also believe that the way Paul separated it, every believer will be justified, every believer will be sanctified, but not every believer will speak in tongues. For the prophet said, it may fall on one one time and never fall on them again. But it's amongst the believers. And what I noticed in Pentecost, the same thing I see today, Lord, is that there was three gifts that were majored on in Pentecost. Tongues, interpretation, prophecy. But according to St. Paul, who wrote about the gifts, he mentioned nine. But I wonder why we don't desire those other six. Probably some of the message people couldn't even name them because their main focus is on the least gift of all. And your prophet defines speaking in tongues as the least of all of them. And yet it has become such a major major thing. I wonder what Satan is saying before your throne as he accuses us message people. I wonder if he throws it up in your face. Yeah, you sent that prophet. You sent him down there to restore the word. Look at what a bunch of them is doing. They're focusing on tongues, focusing on interpretation, focusing on prophecy. They're preaching it. their main stream anymore of what they study. Their conventions are about it. Their meetings are about it. You wasted your time, God. Sending that prophet to lad all them doctrines and all them ideas. But we would like to refute that devil's word tonight and say, "No, Satan. God did not waste his time." Amen. For there is a bride in the making that's being shaped and molded under the ministry of continuing on of this word brought by this prophet of Malachi 4 which you met in one debate after another and you had to leave the platform many a time and go back down to hell defeated time and time again. your demons come crying back down to hell. I imagine they had some real arguments and debates cuz they jumped on one another and said, "Why'd you tell on me? Whenever you screamed out in the audience, you reveal me and then they just jumped on one another and carried on." That's because that's what your kingdom is, devil. You founded it on a split in heaven. So you deserve every argument, I figure. But I want to tell you tonight, Satan, your kingdom is coming down. G. And it ain't going to be brought down by a mighty Hercules. It's going to be brought down by the weakest bunch of people that have ever lived on this earth. Human beings sometimes that can't even hold their head up. They failed God so many times, but they believed this word. And in his presence, they are a mighty army. And Joel prophesied, the same one that prophesied what we read tonight, that they would be an army that would not break their ranks. So if God called them to be an evangelist, they're not going to say, "Well, I want to be a pastor." God calls them to be a pastor, they say, "I'm tired of dealing with people all the time. I want to be an evangelist. God called them to be a singer. God called them to be a member. They're going to find their spot and they're going to stay there and they're going to fight hell. Not only are they going to fight you, they are going to defeat you. I just thought I'd give you a little bit of heads up tonight in case you're thinking you're you're leading in the polls. Well, let me just let you know. I just read the polls today and they're still saying you're the loser. G. There ain't no way for you to win. Cuz I read the polls back there in Revelation 22 and you're cast into the lake of fire. You're destroyed and annihilated. So we don't go by the polls of popularity. We don't go by the polls of what you and your cohort say out of hell, but we go by the polls of heaven. And you are absolutely defeated. Praise be to God. Lord Jesus, we worship you tonight. right in the face of hell. We say tonight that you are a mighty conqueror. We say tonight that we are part of a church of the living God. You are not dead, but you are alive forever more. Lord Jesus, I pray you'd sweep among these people tonight. Father, those that are sick, bring healing. Those that are down, bring encouragement. those, Father, that may be low in their spirit, may the Holy Ghost, even if they're sitting at their home tonight and they couldn't even come to church, may the presence of God go to them now, Father. Hallelujah. May the dove of the Holy Ghost flap its wings around their little heart and lift them out of that low place where they are, Lord. Granted, I pray tonight, Father. We worship you, Lord God. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, how many loves him tonight with all your heart? Lord, can we just raise our hands and give him a little love in them? Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I'm talking about the church in the book of Revelation. She's built on the rock. What is it? God's word and revelation. She's been through the blood, the flood. She's been through the fire. But one of these days, she's going to move up higher. Oh, it's the church. It's the church triumphant, oh Lord. And it's built. Oh, hallelujah. Who by not by me, not by you, not by prophets, but the Lord Jesus himself. Can we sing it together, Harry? Can we worship a little bit before we go? Oh, praise the Lord. Now, let's give him a little bit of praise and let's water this seed that's been sown tonight so God can bring out a harvest in our life. Sing it, brothers. It's the old ship of Zion. [Music] It's the whole Yes, Lord. For the lost and the dying. The lost and dying. It's a soul. It's a soul. saving station. Yes, it is. It's the joy. It's the joy of my salvation. Come on, tell me about it now. Well, it's the church. Triumph, oh Lord, and his bear by the hand by the hand of the Lord. All right, brothers, let's pick it up. I'm talking about a church in the book of Revelation. Oh yes. Built on the rock. Got a firm foundation. Been through the flood. It's been through fire. Fire. Want to be move higher. It's the church. Triumphant. Oh Lord. is by the hand of the Lord. I'm talking about a church. I'm talking about the church in the book of Revelation. Built on the rock on the rock foundation, been through the flood, been through the fire. One day the church is going to move up higher. The church triumph Lord and his by the hand of the Lord. It's been through the flood. Come on, say it again. The flood couldn't harm it. Well, through the fire, but the fire could even Been fed to the line, but the last def war. Well, it's the church triumphant, oh Lord, and it's built by the hand of the Lord. I'm talking about church in the book of revelation on the rock. Got a firm foundation. Been through the flood. Been through the fire. One of these days church is going to move up higher. It's the church. Triumph. Oh Lord, and it's been by the hand of the Lord. I'm talking about the church in the book of Revelation. Built on the rock, got a firm foundation. Been through the flood, been through the fire. One of these days the church going to move up higher. It's the turn triumph. Oh Lord, and it's built by the hand of the Lord. Well, it's the church triumpant, oh Lord. And it's built by the hand of the Lord. It's been through the flood, but the blood couldn't harm me. Been through the fire, but the fire couldn't burn it. Fed to the l, but the l couldn't beed. Fought a lot of wars, never defeated. Well, it's the church. Triumph, oh Lord, and is built by the hand of the Lord. I'm talking about a church in the book of Revelation, built on the rock. Got a firm foundation. Been through the flood, been through the fire these days. The church is going to move up higher. It's the church triumphant, oh Lord, and it's been by the hand of the Lord. It's the church triumphant, oh Lord, and it's built by the hand of the Lord. [Music] You tell the sun when to rise. You lay it down to rest. [Music] You hold this heart of mine. You hold my every breath. You're such an awome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're such an awesome God, so selfless, so generous, so faithful you are. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are seated in majesty, raining in holy name. The table is set for me. For you are the living bread. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're such an awesome God, so selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are you're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy. You're so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. So selfless. So generous. How faithful you are [Music] and nothing comes close to the Lord mighty. Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord. Almighty. Nothing's as sweet as his love and mercy. He's such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. Jesus, you're an awesome God. So selfless. You're so generous. So faithful you are. [Music] And nothing comes close to the Lord. Oh mighty. Nothing's as sweet as his love and mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord mighty. Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. He's such an awesome God. So mighty, Lord, you're so holy. You're so awful. You're such an awesome God, so selfless, so generous, so faithful you are. You call the sun to rise. [Music] You lay down to raise. You hold this heart of mine. You hold my every breath. Such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are such an awesome God, so mighty. You're so holy. You wonderful. Such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful you are. [Applause] Nothing comes close to the Lord mighty. Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord mighty. Nothing's as sweet as his love and mercy. He's such an awome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. There's no one like you, Lord. He's such an awesome God. You're so awesome. You're our healer. You're our sustainer. You're our revelation. You're our strength and faith. You're our guide, Lord. Our comfort, such a You're such an awesome God. You keep every promise of your word, Lord. What an awesome God that you are, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful tonight, saints? Oh, look at his love for us. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The prophet said, "God loves you. Who's he sent me to tell you the truth?" Aren't you glad that God loves us enough to tell us the truth? Even when it rips the hide right off of us, yet he loved us enough to tell us the truth. And ye shall know the truth, and it shall make us free tonight. Aren't you thankful for a man of God like Brother Donnie? Aren't you appreciate a man of God like Brother Donnie? Amen. Hallelujah. And as for me in my house, we stand behind him and we stand with him 110,000%. It's nothing but the truth. And as my mama said, the truth will stand when the world's on fire. Aren't you thankful for that tonight? Have you enjoyed the word of God? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Me and Brother Randy was over in Zensville, North Carolina today delivering some supplies to to the relief over there of the disaster and those folks just wanted me to make sure that we told you all thank you. Thank you so much for all that you've done for those folks over there. So, I wanted to pass that along to you. Amen. You know, I I told someone the other day, you you don't there's more ways to show Jesus than standing behind a pull pit. Amen. Amen. And I don't want somebody just to see Jesus when I stand here, but I want my wife to see him. I want my children to see him. I want my neighbor to see Jesus. I don't care if they ever see me. I just want them to see him. Is that the way you feel tonight? Amen. If that's your desire, he said he would give you the desire of your heart. Amen. We certainly enjoyed the service tonight. Let's let's just bow our heads for a dismissal prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, sometimes I just I just don't know what to say, Lord. So listen to my heart for it speaks to you, Lord. what my mind sometimes cannot comprehend to tell you how much we love you and how much we appreciate, Lord, all that you've done for us. For when I was yet a sinner, you died for me. I would thank you, Lord. I thank you for that, Father. And we thank you, dear God, for this word that you sent us in this end time, Lord, to show us where we're at in time. Lord, when the world is staggered in darkness, Lord, yet you have come with this great light, Lord, to lead us out of the darkness, Lord. And we're so grateful for that tonight. And Lord, as we leave this building, Lord, may we never leave your presence, dear God, and go with each one. I pray as they travel, Lord, that you would be with them. Watch over them on the highways, Lord, in the byways, Father. Lord, those that would be sick and afflicted tonight or may be weary, I asked you, Father God. Oh Lord, may you come and confirm your word once more to their hearts, dear God, for you said, "I am the Lord thy God that health thee." And Lord, we believe that with all their hearts. Thank you, dear God, for brother Donnie, Lord, for his life, for his ministry. Ask that you'd renew his strength, Lord. Be with them as they travel down towards South Carolina tomorrow. Bless the services there in a great way. move among the young people, Lord, and touch their hearts. We pray. Father, bring us back here Sunday safely, Lord, to hear the word of God again and be with us, Lord, as we travel up to Connecticut to minister this weekend. We surrender to you, Lord. May you just use us for your glory. We pray. Thank you, Lord God, for all those that labored to bring supplies to those in need and those over there in the mountains tonight, Lord, that are cold and their homes are gone. Oh God, I pray in the name of Jesus, may they feel your presence, Lord, and may it warm their souls as never before. We pray and help us, dear God, to be your hands and your feet that they may see, Lord, in a great time of great despair that you're the God who's in the midst of the storm and you speak to the wind and it obeys you. We thank you for that, Father. Go with us now. We pray for we ask these things in Jesus name. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. God bless you saints. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord tonight. Sing us happy brother. Sing us happy brother. Somebody sing. Praise the Lord. Thank you. I think so. Amen. Uh remember in the morning delivery drivers, if you could be here at 8:00 a.m. in the morning and then the other volunteers at 8:30. Yes. They'd appreciate that. Let's sing this little chorus. So listen to our heart. heart. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are when words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what awome God you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our hearts. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirits sing. A song of praise and flow from those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But when words are not enough of our love, just listen to our hearts. Listen to our hearts. [Music] Hear our spirit sing. Song of praise and flow [Laughter] from those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our hearts. [Music] Listen to our hearts. heart. Hear our spirits sing. A song of praise and flows from those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love, just listen to our hearts. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. Song of praising those you have redeemed. We will use the words we know. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
