################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-12-04 - Are You Becoming - Joe Harrah.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-12-04
Title:   Are You Becoming?
Speaker: Joe Harrah
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-lg1jUvsoI
========================================

Description:
12/04/2024
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] from this world of sin, washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Applause] Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Save by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. For a long time I traveled down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy. Instead I sang, Lord. [Music] Then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Aren't you glad tonight? Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. save. Save by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad you're free tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Ain't it good to be in the house of God tonight? We had a wonderful time here on Sunday morning, didn't we? The word of the Lord was just so precious. And we're here tonight looking to just see what God will h I know it's going to be good. Whatever it'll be, it'll it'll be it'll be what we need and it'll be good for us, right? Medicine does you good sometimes. So, we're going to take whatever medicine we get tonight and be thankful for it. Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see them in the house of the Lord tonight. It's good to see all of you. Amen. Good to see all of you in the house of the Lord tonight, brother. Thank you, sister. Amen. We got several prayer requests tonight. We're going to we're going to look at let you know what's going on. First of all, we want to say if we have any visitors with us tonight, we want to welcome you. Glad to have you here. Trust you just receive a a tremendous blessing from the service tonight. Also, all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless all those folks. Can we give all them people a good hand tonight if you will? Amen. Uh Rick Fischer sends this request in. Please pray for my stepfather, Bill Collins. He's in the hospital dealing with congestive heart failure. Thank you so very, very much. So, we want to remember that prayer request tonight, Bill Collins, that the Lord would be mindful of him. Want to remember brother Matt Carter in prayer. Not been feeling well for several days. So, let's remember brother Mack tonight as we pray. Please remember Sister Linda Phillips, not feeling well, having irregular heart rhythm. So, we want to remember her tonight as we pray that the Lord would be mindful of her. Uh, brother Javan sends this in. Javon sends this in. Ever how you pronounce that name. Uh, beloved brothers in Christ, greetings in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. My son, uh, 27 years old, was in an accident on November the 25th involving a two-wheeler. His right knee cap, the patella, was cracked in three parts and got admitted to the hospital. Today, doctors have suggested that we should uh he should under undergo a major surgery to correct the kneecap. That is tomorrow at 8:00 a.m. I am greatly in need of your valuable prayer support during surgery. Thank you. Yours in him, brother Javon. So, we certainly want to pray for that need tonight that the Lord would be mindful of that that young man that's going to be going through surgery. Brother John from Indiana is asking for God's perfect will, guidance concerning an an individual who is wanting to be baptized according to the scripture. Pray that God will direct their paths accordingly. So, let's remember that prayer request tonight. Brother John Gresham has an urgent prayer request for his grandson whose name is Judah Gresham. He is 10 days old, has been diagnosed with a rare blood disease. Please agree with John in prayer that our God will heal his grandson. Thank you so much. So we certainly want to pray for that request tonight, that little 10 10day old child, that God will be mindful of that situation. Urgent prayer request. Sister Teresa White called requesting prayer for her grandson Braden who was injured while playing hockey. He was hit hard in the back. They are at the hospital now. So, we certainly want to remember that prayer request that the Lord would be mindful. Sister Ruth Louise Jax has a couple of prayer requests tonight. Uh her father who is 97. uh they moved into a private uh home and they're all heartbroken and just asking for the Lord to to be with them during this time, the transition of him being placed there. So, let's remember that prayer request and she had a uh accident and her car is being repaired. She just praying that everything will work out according to God's will. Pray they will have travests tonight. Brother Joshua Johnson is in need of prayer. He had his appendix removed and is now experiencing some complications. He is currently at the Franklin Woods Hospital waiting to be admitted. Your prayers for him will be greatly appreciated. So, we want to remember that prayer requests tonight. Got a couple of announcements that we'll let you know about momentarily. But all the unspoken prayer requests, I know there's there's great needs among us tonight. But aren't you glad we're serving a Lord Jesus that's risen from the dead? He's alive. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. You know, the world's getting ready to celebrate and we're right in the in the mix of it Christmas season. But I'm so glad it's more than a baby in a manger. It's it's a risen Lord that lives in our heart. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Just give him a real good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Amen. Brother David, if you get ready to pray tonight over these requests, let's just sing a little bit more of that song. Thank God I'm free. Are you glad you're free tonight? Somebody say, "I'm free in the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him with all your heart. Hallelujah. Thank God. I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. One more time. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Amen. Let's stand tonight if you will. Brother Dave, if you come, take us to the Lord in prayer on behalf of all these needs. We'll just commit them under the Lord. We love Brother Davis Swanson, don't we? Amen. Appreciate you, buddy. God bless you. We love Brother Louis, too, don't we? We love everybody. Dear Lord, we just are so thankful to come again on this midweek service. It's just a privilege, this fine building you've given to us and all your blessings. We could never thank you enough for them, Lord. And we just pray these requests that have been spoken, a variety of them, Lord. Some are uh back injuries, some are traveling mercies, just all different ones. But you know each need and you know how to take care of it, Lord. So all we're to do is just to ask in faith believing and that's what we do as a body of believers. Thank you for already answering all these prayers, Lord, because that's what you do. Now for the service now, Lord, we we commit it to your hands. We pray that you'd help us. Many of us maybe are tired in our bodies from working, but help us just to lay all that aside and just put our shoulder to the wheel and create an atmosphere for the preaching of the word. Lord, we're thankful for the ministry. We're thankful for everything you do for us. bless this service now. We commend it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother David. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time, we'll receive the evening offering. You give us unto the Lord. Once again, if you're visiting, God bless you. Glad to have you. Let me make a couple of announcements. We've got three specials for you tonight. I think you're going to enjoy. Uh sisters, there will be uh there are signup sheets in the library for anyone wanting to help with food for the Christmas reception. Uh the Christmas program is on December the 15th. That's a week from this coming Sunday. What time will that Christmas program be taking place? Somebody tell me what time? 5:30 on Sunday the 15th. Right. You sure? Okay. Just funny. December the 15th at 5:30. That'll be uh just a going to be a a real real real good time, I think, here at the church. So, you're all invited, I'm sure, to be to that uh on on we making more announcements concerning concerning that. Uh, another announcement, just a reminder, tonight after service, we are set up in the gym with items that we can no longer get rid of. A few of the items are marked with a price on the table, but most will be what you feel to pay for it with a donation. All items sold, the money was going back into the flood relief fund. We also have made grab bags, $5 each, with a limit of two per family. Do not touch any of the items along the walls or stacked on the tables up front. These are outgoing supplies for tomorrow. You can also come tomorrow until 300 p.m. Any questions, see Brother Michael, Sister Rachel, Sister Jennifer, or Brother Tony. They'll be in the gym after service tonight. So, remember the items that you can make a donation. They're asking five uh $5 uh grab bag. So, just go over there and see what's going on. There's there's a lot of stuff. Believe me, there's a lot of stuff. So remember that if you will. Praise the Lord. Let's sing a song tonight. Sister Abby, brother, and brother Micah, and and our brother brother Micah's sisters visiting with us tonight. They're going to be coming to the platform to sing. Brother Marcus is here, and sister Yokabed is from Trinidad is still with us. She's going to be giving us a song tonight. So if you all want to come on to the platform, be getting ready to sing. Let's sing this song. And I love to hear brother Harry sing it because ain't nobody in the world can sing it like him. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. How many of you looking forward to that great day? Praise the Lord. Let's sing it if you will. Tonight I've stood for the gospel when it seemed I stood alone through the heartache and frustration. Kept my focus on the throne. Oh yes. So many times I have recalled. Thank you Lord. Savior's word so true. If you won't be ashamed of me. Amen. I won't be a view. Thank you Lord. So I proudly stand until I see the face of the one who everything for me. Oh when the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Every battle that I fought will fade from memory. I'll bow before his mighty throne. Oh yes. And fall down on Thank you, Lord. Well, when the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Hallelujah. Somebody, the road has not been easy. At times I've lost my way. Oh yes. So often I've stumbled. Amen. Searching for the light of day. Circumstances all around me. Amen. I thought I'd surely fall. All the whispering of doubt and fear told me you're going to lose it all. But he came. Yes, sir. With his amazing glory. And someday soon. Thank you, Father. To thank him face to face. Oh, when the reason I'm standing stands in front of me, every battle that I fought will fade from memory. I'll bow before his mighty throne and fall down on my knees. Yes, we will. Amen. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me, we will join the millions. Every kindred tongue and thank you father and every child of God that day. Yes sir. Look upon his face when the heroes and the martyrs who died on the pagan [Music] we all stand together and declare Jesus is it. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me, every battle that I fought, it'll fade from memory. I'll bow before his glory and fall down on my knees. will with the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. [Music] When he stands in front of me of me, he's an ontime God. Yes, he is. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. I know he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. You can ask the children of Israel trapped at the Red Sea. Oh yes. By that mean old Pharaoh. Oh, and his army army. They had water all around them. Oh yes. Pharaoh on their tracks. Oh, but I don't know where my God. Thank you, Lord. For the highway just like that. I know he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. He's an on time God. He's an on time God. Oh yes. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes you are, Lord. Yes, you are, Lord. Hallelujah. God bless you tonight. Give our singers a nice hand as you're seated. [Music] How great the chasm that lay between us. How high a mountain I could not climb. In desperation, I turned to heaven and spoke your name into the night. And through the darkness, your loving kindness tore through the shadows of my soul. The work is finished. The end is written. Jesus Christ my livinging hope. Who could imagine so great a mercy? What heart could fathom such boundless grace? The God of ages stepped down from glory to wear my sin and bear my shame. The cross has spoken. I am forgi. The King of Kings calls me his home. Beautiful Savior, I'm yours forever. Jesus Christ, my livinging hope. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my living. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. [Music] Death has lost his grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my living hope. Then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to breathe. And out of silence, the roaring lion declared, "The grave has no blame on me." Then came the morning that sealed the promise. ordinary body began to breathe. Out of the silence, the roaring lion declare the grave has no claim on me. Jesus, yours is the victory. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my livinging hope. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ my livinging hope. Jesus Christ my livinging hope. Oh God you are my livinging hope. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I was rich. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The breach was far too wide. But from the far side of the castle, you held me in your sight. So you made a way across the great divide. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross you pay the debt I owe. Broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time I had hope. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. [Music] You took my place, laid inside the tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. And now death has no sting and life has no end. For I have been transformed through the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. For there is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the blood. The blood calls the sons and daughterers. We are ransom by your father through the blood. Love the blood. There is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood. Thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. [Music] Oh, you brought me from the darkness into glorious life. Gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his name. [Music] For there to my heart was the blood applied. All gloryy to his name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] One day I heard a voice. He said, "Make me your choice. I'll drive away your every care and set you free." So I came to him that day and he washed my sins away. Now I don't want nothing here to hinder me. Oh, I don't want nothing here to hinder me. [Music] for someday his precious face I long to see. It makes no difference what the cost or how heavy be the cross for. I don't want nothing here to hinder me. [Music] Sometimes I'm tossed about. Oh, many times I do without. Oh, many times my heart is filled with grief and pain. But I know if I will stand true. I know that he will see me through if I don't let nothing here hinder me. Oh, I don't want nothing here, Lord, to hinder me. for someday his precious face I long to see. Oh, it makes no difference what the cost or how heavy may be my cross. I don't want nothing here to hinder me. [Music] Now someday when I get home where I never more shall roam with my savior and my loved ones I shall sing. Hallelujah. Lord I'll lay this old cross down and receive a shining crown. I'll be so glad nothing here did hinder me. Oh, I'm so glad nothing here did hinder me. [Music] For someday his precious face, Lord, I long to see. Oh, it makes no difference what the cost or how heavy maybe the cross. Oh, I don't want nothing here to hinder me. Oh, I don't want nothing here to hinder me. Oh, for someday his precious his precious face I long to see. It makes no difference what the cost or how heavy is my cross. I don't want nothing here to hinder me. Oh, it makes no difference what the cost, Lord, how heavy. Maybe my cross. I'll be so glad nothing here did hinder me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Enjoy. enjoy our specials tonight. Amen. Very good. All three of them. Thank the Lord. Brother Joe's going to come bring us the word of the Lord tonight. We're going to pray for our brother. We're going to say amen to the word, right? Amen. Let's just sing. We haven't sang it in a long time. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Let's sing that tonight. Only believe. [Music] Only believe that all things are possible. Only believe. Yes. Only believe. Only believe. that all things are possible. Only believe now. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Amen. We appreciate Brother Joe, don't we? Give me a good hand tonight if you as simple as that. Believe. God didn't ask us to do anything that was too far out above our reach. Didn't ask us to go through any rituals, make any sacrifices. He said, "Only believe." It's as simple as that. trusting tonight that you're believing that he'll come tonight because if he don't, we're all in a world of hurt because I'll be just up here giving you my own ideas and opinion. So, um it's an honor, always an honor to speak to the bride of Christ, especially at home. I'm thankful for that. This is the greatest bunch of people to preach to if that's what you call what I do. But uh I I I really enjoy enjoy being before y'all and I pray the Lord will bless you. If you have your Bibles going to read turn to St. John 1. This is a sermon that I preached about three weeks ago in Virginia. And I was telling brother Jimmy I just couldn't get away from it. Um I've been making notes, more notes. I think my notes have doubled. But um if you heard it before or you were there, I apologize um if I bore you with repetition. So um but hopefully the Lord has a purpose. So in John 1 and 1, we're going to read the first verse. Then we're going to jump down and read John 10 uh chapter 1 verse 10 through 14. So very familiar scripture. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. And he was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not. He came unto his own, and his own received him not. But as many as received him, this is me and you. To them gave he power to become sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. And the word was made flesh. That's what we're going to dwell on here tonight was the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his grace and the glory as of the only begotten of the father full of grace and truth. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful, Lord, that you allowed us another day to sit around your word, Lord. Lord, the people come here tonight, Lord, your your bride has come with needs. There's not a person in here that don't have a need, including myself. Father, where you're a needy people, but Lord, you you were you said you would be the supplier of all our needs. Lord, you will be our Jehovah Gyra, our provider, Father. Lord, in part of providing for us, Lord, you've given us your word. You've given us, Lord, strength for the journey to to go on, Lord. And we we've come here tonight for that, Lord. Is Lord, I know I could I make a mess of it. I do every time I'm up here, Father. But I pray somehow some way, Lord, that you can take the words from my mouth and put them together. Father, that they could land on a heart somewhere, Lord, and provide something for that person, Lord. You see the needs, Lord. You see the the prayer cloth we have, Lord. You see the need behind it where it's going. We're believing you, Father, that you'll work a work. We welcome you tonight, Lord. We ask you to be here. We pray that you bless your word in Jesus name. Amen. You can be seated. what I want to speak on tonight and as we look at this the word was made flesh and the word made there means to become. So God we we we learn in chapter in in verse one that the word was God and then the word was made flesh. So that word is to become to come into being to happen to be made to be done. Vincent translates it this word means to come into being manifestation implying emotion movement or growth. Thus it is used for God's actions as ismer emerging from eternity and becoming in time. So this is a process that God puts himself through. God puts himself into a process if you we want to look at that way. You know, we look at him as the create creator. How he just spoke words and then planets came came to be, light came to be, animals, everything came to be. And this is the great creator. And all he has to do is speak and things happen. And we we know as is we've heard the message in in this in our last day where brother Brandham says that he wasn't even God yet. When he was alone, he dwelt in in in this big mass of eternity with nothing there but himself. Yeah. And he was he was alone. So he began to speak. He had to create create something just to worship him. Yeah. So we we we look at this and we we we see that this is God put himself through a process. And you you you we we look at it and and we see all that he created and what was God had to have a reason for all of this. Amen. You know, like I've always I' I've said it here before and I've said it so many times that that God's reason when he said, "Let there be light." When when we open up and read Genesis chapter 1 and and God is saying, "Let there be and let there be." His his very purpose was you. Your main purpose was when when he said let there be was that was this God's process of starting getting himself to you. Amen. So God puts himself through this process. And brother Brandham says in the fifth seal now quietly, reverently before God as we seen the seal opened to us, God has taken his own beloved children and blind their eyes and and sin them because his own justice requires judgment of sin. Think of it. His justice and his holiness requires justice. A penalty, a law without a penalty is not law. and his own laws himself. He was the law. He cannot defy and still remain God. That's the reason God had to become man. So God puts himself through a becoming, you know, and I was studying this and I wondered when when God be this creation, we know as brother Brandham said, all this stuff was already in his mind before he ever spoke it. Everything God has ever done was already in his mind before he ever spoke it. And this process begins to happen as he he says these words and he watches it. that he speaks he this this one of the his final creation that he he that he speaks is man. Let us make man is in our own image. After that God begin to do things using what he created because here is Adam in his own image. And God begins to use what he's created the land, the dust, the elements. He doesn't speak that body form of Adam. He pulls what he already made and wraps it around his image. I hope you understand that tonight. He took what he made. This is you and me. When you thought you was nothing, you thought you were just dirt. Why would God ever save anything like you? He took what you call dirt and wrapped that around his image. This was God becoming. But as I was studying this, I got to wondering what was going through God's mind when it begin to fall apart. What did God think when he come walking through the garden? Remember all the times brother Brandon said he would come to that garden, lay under that big tree. That was his cathedral. and he would lay him down and put him to sleep. He would come walk through the garden in the morning and wake him up. And then he come walking through the garden one day and it it was different. Something had went wrong in God's creation. We know this wasn't taking God's surprise. This was just God becoming This was God's eternal plan to become something. God could not be his savior or a redeemer until his plan fell apart. So we look at this and we we we know that we see the fall of man and you know we we wonder you know God had this plan. Brother brother Brandham said it in investments. God coming down to become man to die. God could not die as a spirit. He is eternal. He could not die. God could make himself in such a way that he could feel pain and he could feel and he could suffer. God could not suffer as the eternal spirit. But when he becomes man, he could suffer and feel the pain, the temptations that man went through like Adam and Eve in the garden. In everyone sense he had to become that in or in order to fulfill his own law to take upon himself his own law. He could not have been the second person. He could not have been the third person. He could not have been any nothing else. He had to be this is God becoming. You know we look at ourselves. God is wanting us to become something. Yeah. That's what I want to get to tonight when I ask the question, are you becoming? So God is is would not allow himself allow you to go through something that he hasn't been through himself. And you have to understand something. God just didn't feel loss when he became flesh. Read Genesis 6 said he repented that he made man and it grieved his hearts. Grieved his heart. It vexed his heart. This definition says it was to carve. It carved God's heart to watch what he did. EVEN THOUGH GOD PUTS you through things, when God puts you through things in your life, do you think that he he looks at the eternal purpose of why you're going through it and thinks it's okay? That God's happy with it that you're going through it. God feels for you. God goes through it with you, right? His eternal purpose, his vision of yourself is the same thing he wants you to have of yourself. Look beyond YOUR TRIALS. LOOK BEYOND your test. LOOK AT THE END OF YOUR BECOMING. AMEN. What you're coming to be. Amen. You know, and when I was studying this, I thought, how wonderful it been if if God could have just created Jesus Christ, right there at the beginning. Why couldn't he? He could have created Jesus right then. You and I WOULD HAVE ADAM AND Eve would been spoken. Everybody after them would have been spoken. Life would have been great. You and I would have been spoken into eternity. It would have never died. BUT GOD HAD SO MANY ATTRIBUTES, RIGHT? He didn't want TO BE KNOWN JUST AS God the creator. That's all we would have known him as. God the creator. But God says, "I have to become because there's so much more of me that I want to show you. There's so much more of myself that I want to give my bride." And so God started this fall right off. Right off the very first two people that he created, God allowed them fall. He didn't allow creation, man, male and female, to to uh procreate and keep on going. And and then he after a while, you know, I guess it's my time. God was in a hurry to get to you. God wanted to get to you more than you ever wanted to get to him. That's right. So God let the very two first two human beings that he created, he let him fall. And then we read in in in Genesis 6, it repented the Lord that he had made man and grieved him in his heart. God saw the wickedness of na man man and the envy and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. But we we read far f far f far f far f far f far f far f far f far f far f far farther you know genesis 6 says that all flesh all flesh was corrupted. Everything he created every bit of flesh was corrupted. It was gone. And we see Noah, the Bible says Noah w was just before the Lord, but it never said he was perfect like he did Job. What if what if if God if God had destroyed Noah, he'd had to start all over. He'd had to start all over. So God had to become through Noah. So he gave Noah grace. Yes. This is where we see God handing out his grace to an individual. Noah found grace in the eyes of God. You know, we we we wonder, you know, it's like when you read you read Job, you know, we're taught that Job is one of the oldest books in the Bible. And we we look at Job and you know, after I read Genesis 6, I got to thinking about Job. God's heart is grieved. And then we we look at Job and all that Job is going through. You you think that God is sitting up there and he's the one that offered Job to to Satan and and he's sitting up there proud and happy about what's going on. He knew what Job was going through because God had already lost everything that he made anyway. He'd been through loss. He'd been through grief. It wasn't that God was just sitting up there and he's just comeomaos and and not caring what's happening to Job, but he knew what Job would become after, right? And God shows the process through Job. What God lost, he redeemed back. What Job lost, it was redeemed back to him. This is the process of God becoming. So we look at God, he become he become time so you could become eternity. He became mortal so you could put on immortality. He became sin, your sin, so you could become his righteousness. And we're told in souls that are in prison that you became his perfection. He became sick so you could be healed. He became depressed so you could have joy. He became anxiety so you could have peace. Right? Yeah. So all this that he has for you is God becoming. In John 1:12, it says, "Be as many received him, to them he gave power to become the sons of God." Even to them that believe on his name, the scripture tells us that he he gave them power. He gave them power to be sons of God. He didn't make them sons of God. It says he gave them power to be sons. He gave it to them. You can't do nothing without him. Amen. Amen. He didn't make you sovereign all by yourself. You and your little world that you want to go live on and be by yourself and it's just me and God and nobody else. If you have the same attributes that he had, you'll love the body. Amen. Amen. You can't force yourself to be a son and daughter of God. So, let's look at oursel. If God had to become, what about us? Yes. And what are we becoming? Are are we are we are we growing in the word? Are we growing in the in the in the this is this is how we dress ourselves. This is how we grow. This is how we eat. You don't walk in them doors and leave the same. Right. You come in and you become one thing or another. Yes. When you come in these doors, Brother Bram said, you you will leave either better or worse. You'll not leave the same. And a lot of that is your attitude towards this word. Not not your attitude to the person up here. Hallelujah. It's it's the attitude to to the word. Are you taking applying even if it hurts? I know sometimes, you know, I have beat myself up all week. I have beat myself up all week because I was just thinking I say hurtful things up here sometimes. I don't I don't tailor a message for any one person. A minister that does that has no place right here. Has no place. But you say things and you know it hurts. And to me, it's if you you're not where you're supposed to be, God will hurt you with love to get you where he wants you. Sometimes God has to force the becoming in your life. Whether it be through desperation, whether it be sickness in the family, sickness on you and or depression, whatever it might be that God puts in your life. Yes, sir. God wants you to become. And this is one of his ways that he's he's he's done it. He's he's allowed us to come in here and sit under this word and become the word. What was the word? The word is God. Right? So, we're supposed to become BUT GOD SAYS, "I WENT THROUGH THIS PROCESS. I made myself flesh. I went through everything that you went through to become you. I want you to come in here and become me. I am the word. A person that stands back here and and and speaks the word to you is nothing but a vessel. And many times they're getting beat up themselves. Yeah. And God says, "I want you to become the word." So when you come in and you sit down and you put on the word or you don't if you do, you will leave better. Your becoming process has went further. If you do not, you will leave worse. Right? You will not leave the same as you walked in. Becoming is a process. The definition is movement. It is a movement. You're moving from one place to another. from one form to another, from a one person to another person. You should be moving from your flesh to God. Amen. That was God's grace on us. He became you so you could become him by grace. So let's ask, have you become? So if if time would end right now, within one minute from this minute, if time would end, could you look at your life and say, "I'm I'm right where I need to be. I have be Lord, I've become you. You can take me now. I'll stand and wait for one more minute. Is your life where it needs to be? Have you fully become?" Come on now. This is God asking you, have you fully become, would you need a few extra seconds or a few breaths of life to make a few things right? Would you have to go to somebody? Yeah. Somebody that you turned away, somebody that you you you've always been meaning to go fellowship with them because nobody ever does. Huh? You haven't done it. And God's holding this last minute for you because they might be the last seed. Maybe there's someone that had reached out to you to try to help you, to pull you up, reach out a helping hand, and you turned them away. You turned your back on them. Maybe it was a person that you last person you thought would ever come and say hello to you. Yeah. try to strike up a conversation with you and you turn away. This is becoming I know this is kind of sober, but this is God's looking for a body that's like his. Yeah. That's just like his. Brother Brandham said your form, your shape, what you're in now is just a negative. when you come up to around 20 22 year years old you're a negative death develops the p picture to the positive that when this earthly tabernacle be dissolved we have one already waiting just the display now it shows what's being done like God becoming God when he created angels he becomes son when he created Christ Jesus he became savior when Jesus died he became healer when he was wounded ed for our transgressions and with his stripes we were healed. All these things are attributes of God just so that in the end the Bible said Jesus Jesus said you will know that I am in the father the father in me and I in you and you in me. It's God becoming tangible. Amen. Amen. How many knows what tangible is? It's perceptible by touch. Amen. Something you can touch, you can feel. How does God do that? through me and you. Yes, that's the process of you becoming God. When you touch somebody else's life, somebody's looking at you. Somebody's there's people that watch you, that look you that you sit beside and and mingle around with all the time and never say a word to. And in their heart, they're they're dying hoping that you will. Yeah. Because everybody else likes you. You might be popular. You might be in the little click that they want to be in. Sometimes people leave not not because of what's being preached. Sometimes people leave church because other people That's true. This is our chance to become God. This is our chance to be God. Amen. It's not being God to your four best friends. No, it's not being being God to your mom and dad and your brothers and sisters. It's being God to those that need him the most. Yes. And sometimes though that that need him the most, you don't even know. We're all guilty. I'm not point I'm guilty. I won't say we're all guilty. Some of you probably ain't. There's some really nice people in here. But I I've been guilty. I have been so guilty. Yeah. And I don't want to be that way. I don't I don't want to be that way of of shunning somebody because they're not at a certain level or or they're too high or or whatever. I don't want to be that way. I want to I want TO BE BE GOD TO SOMEBODY. I WANT TO BE CHRIST TO SOMEBODY. This will might BE THE ONLY PLACE THEY SEE IT. He's become intangible in you and I. So this is a process. Brother Brandham said he become kin folks that he might raise you up. Before he could raise you up, he has to give you eternal life. And God had to become kin folks who take death to raise you up. Then you have to become kin folks with him in order to go to the resurrection. Yeah. You see that? It's just a swap. God became you that you might become God. GOD BECOME A PART OF YOU FLESH. That's the part of you that he became flesh that you might be his grace by his grace become a part of him. That's to have eternal life. You know looking at this you wonder God just wants to be a father. If I can simplify this God just wants to be a father. You fathers you look at yourself especially the ones that have sons. Nothing against daughters. No nothing against daughters. I've never had one. I've got a bunch of adopted ones, but I don't I don't have one. But a father and a son when he has a son, and if if this father is a is a man that that he's he's strong, he's a hard worker, he has integrity, he has respect, he has courage, he likes to hunt, he's athletic, whatever. And a father has a son, he wants to he wants those attributes to be in his son. He doesn't want his son to grow up liking fashion. Barbie dolls, right? Video games, if he hunts, HE WANTS HIS SON TO HUNT. If he fishes, he wants him to fish. If he's a hard worker, HE WANTS HIS son to be a hard worker. If he respects others, HE WANTS HIS SON TO RESPECT OTHERS. THAT'S HOW A natural father works. If if your heavenly father, one of his attributes is forgiveness. He wants you to have forgiveness. HIS ATTRIBUTES IS GRACE. HE WANTS YOU TO HAVE GRACE. HIS ATTRIBUTES IS LOVE. GOD WANTS HIS attributes to be in you. Amen. That's the way he wants his attributes. The same as a natural father. I I remember my father growing up. And I hope you you know, I don't know if everybody looks at them the way I do my dad, but you know, my dad to me, nobody was it better. You know why? Because he was my dad. Yeah, he was mine. I remember he he always I was always mesmerized and amazed at my dad. Still am at his age, 82. Philip Martin's dad used to have his 13acre lake. And I I don't know how many times I watch my dad swim the entire perimeter of that lake without stopping. And I just sit on the dock and watch him. Every once in a while I'd jump in the water swimmer and I'd get up and look, where's my dad? And there he was going. He could run forever. I remember living in when we was living in Illinois. He was probably in his 50s then. I don't know. I was going to go for a run and him and David said, "Yeah, we'll go too." And he left us. I hadn't run in years. You know, he had this in the Marine Corps. When he get out of the Marine Corps, he had this yearbook. Everybody that graduated boot camp are on in this yearbook. Us boys look at that thing so much the cover fell off. The pages fell out. When I looked at that book, I was looking for one thing. One thing was looking for my dad. care about knowing them other Marines in there. Thank you for your service. I want to see my dad. I remember pointing at pictures at people I thought might be him. I say, "Dad, who is this you?" "No, that's not me, son." I look at that book all the time. You got a dad in here. You have a dad in here, sir. How often you look for him? Come on. There's so much things he's done in here. Your pages should be falling out. His cover should be falling out cuz you got a dad in here and you want to be just like him. You want to become just like him. Don't show me nothing else. Every once in a while I want to hear, "Son, you're doing good." Yeah. And he tells me, I come in here Wednesday night sometimes and he says, "Son, you're doing good." But sometimes I come in Sunday morning, you you need to strengthen up right there a little bit. Why? He wants He wants me to become He wants me to become like him. He put himself through the whole process first. He didn't put you into anything that you couldn't do. Too great. He said, "I'll go first. I'll go first. I'll become flesh first. I'll get in this world first. I'll face sin first. I'll face temptation first. I'll face lust first. I'll face depression first. I'll face it all first. That way I'll show you you can do all things. Amen. That's God becoming And that's God be becoming a new you. I know this is not a jumping service. I didn't expect it to be because I don't feel like jumping. I was down there, Brother Ron, and I gave this example. Sorry, Malachi and Chloe. I'm gonna use y'all again tonight. The process of you becoming started with God, started with the man. When it comes to a wedding, a woman cannot become that man unless he first proposes. So it's like a process. it when the the courtship is all happening. She's not becoming him. Khloe did not become Khloe Spencer when her and Malachi started dating. She didn't nowhere close. If he'd have run off and tried to make her Chloe Spencer without her daddy's approval, things would have got bad. But we see that process and we we we look at at at the at the type that the Bible uses and the prophet uses as a bridegroom going to get his bride. Until there's a proposal, until there's something that says, "Will you be my wife?" There is no process yet of her becoming him. But once he gives the proposal, he gets down on his knee and he and he offers the ring. Will you marry me? When she says yes, it has the process has to include a yes. Because there's some of you that Christ has asked, would you be my wife? And you still haven't said yes yet. Come on. Come on. He started the process. But you'll never become him until you say yes. That's good. The process happens with an agreement between the two. The process happens as they come down here and they they walk down the aisle and they stand before an audience. They stand before God and the and the the master, the the the pastor and they exchange their vows. They exchanged their vows and the kiss and all that and they turn around and the process she has now become him. Everything Malachi owns now belongs to Chloe. I would hide some guns if she ever needs money. That's the way it works. Everything that he has is hers. Everything that Christ has is yours. Right. That's part of you becoming that that's part of this process that that it's not just a God don't want to stay an object of worship in your life. Come on now. God don't rem want want to remain just that in your life. An object of worship. If if that was the case, if God just said, I want it to be an object of worship, we wouldn't need never needed the fall, brother Jimmy. We would have never needed all the the creation and all this. God just created angels. I just want to be worshiped. That's all I want to be. That was the least thing God wanted. The least what he wanted most was to be you. What you think is the least. We're so amazed AT CREATION. WE'RE SO AMAZED AT ALL THE PLANETS, the stars, and and everything that the galaxies beyond. We're so amazed at that. AND WE LOOK SO SMALL AND WHEN WE LOOK AT THIS WHOLE PROCESS, WE LOOK SO SMALL. AMEN. AND YOU ARE THE GREATEST thing in God's eyes, RIGHT? THE GREATEST THING he ever made is you. That's what that's the greatest. We look at all the stuff that's not even eternal. We look at things that's not even eternal. How great. Oh, look at the beauty. And it is beautiful that God did this and all this the changing of the leaves and and all the flowers. That's what your life is doing. Your life is going through these seasons. Yes, it is. And God looks at it and says, "Oh, that's beautiful. That's wonderful. It's a process. You know, trees have the process and plants of becoming what they really are when they put off their blooms and their leaves and their fruits." Amen. I'm going to skip. I just got way too much notes. So, we come in here. God wants our life to fit this word. We need to become to such a place that our life fits this word like a puzzle piece. We can put it right in here in this Bible and it fits like a puzzle piece. So, how do we become? God gave us a five-fold ministry. Yes. That's what their job was. You help my bride become me. That's the job of the five-fold ministry. You know, it doesn't matter. I'm one. Everybody has got their favorite. I understand that. Brother Donniey's mine, too. But you got to understand, we we tend to start looking at vessels instead of what's in them. Yeah. Instead of what's pouring out this five-fold ministry, we ought Well, I I can't I can't really I can't really receive from that, brother. What are you listening at? What What are you What are you listening at? Are you listening to him talk by the sound of his voice? Are you hearing what he's saying? That's right. That's good. Are you listening to the word? It doesn't matter who's saying it. Let me ask you a question. If you found out tomorrow that you inherited a million dollars, does it matter who tells you about it? Does it matter if it's the truth? Does it matter who came and told you? You get my point? Some people STAY HOME WHEN THEIR favorite ain't here. Yes, sir. And you miss an opportunity to become amen. That's what it is. This This is where you come in and you grow. This is where you you put on the word. It doesn't matter who your favorite is. We've all been guilty. Yes. Me, too. Listen, I ain't got no halo up here. I don't have a halo. But I do know I have a vision of what I want to be and I'll do everything to get there. I'll do everything to get there. Since I've gotten behind here, the Lord called me in 2009. Well, he called me in 2006. I finally told brother Donnie in 2009 that I would preach. I understand now. Brother John, brother Pete, brother Jordan, they understand what I mean. It's totally It's totally different. I've done my share of criticizing about who was behind here bringing the word. It's totally different when you're here. It's totally different. I wish everybody could try it one time. I tried to get brother Jimmy to swap with me a while ago. He wouldn't do it. But we understand coming to church, it's not a tradition. It's a process of becoming. It's a process on Wednesday night. We understand that this this church, the new, we've let the new wear off the church. The church, the new of the church has wore off. Now it was just church again. You used to be in the front. Now you're in the middle and then you move to the back because the new is wore off. Listen, it doesn't matter what the function is. If you have a chance to come around the bride, you are becoming young people missing the the youth services and the new is wore off. The new is wore off the question and answers. The new is wore off the upper room because your buddy won't come. You won't come. I don't care if it's just getting together and playing volleyball. If you are around people that are members of the bride, you have a chance to become higher. That's right. It's fellowship. Brother Brandon said, "God loves fellowship. It ain't all about coming and preaching and hearing me hear brother Rob or Jonathan King or Michael or somebody like that or hearing Brother Donnie do question answers." It ain't about that. It's about the body coming together. It's a process. It's becoming. God gives us opportunity every time we wake up in the morning. Every time you take a breath, God says, "I gave you a new day to become me. I've give you another breath. Use it to become me. So, in studying this, you know, I got to to reading this. I I tell you how I got this message. There's a song I hope sometime brother Harry gets to sing it. It's called I am Becoming. If you haven't heard it, I can't wait till he sings it. This is about four or five months ago. That's how long I've had this sermon. And then I got to listen to that song. And I asked myself the question, am I becoming if if does God look at my life and smile? Is he happy with where I'm at in my walk? Everyone in here could ask himself that question. Where are you at in your walk? Where are you at in the word? Where are you at in your life? How are you treating others? So, let's look at this. You know, it had never occurred to me whenever I I was studying this and John 15 came to my came to mind and then it it finally just fell right in place. Jesus says, "I am the true vine. My father is the husbandman." A husbandman is a a vine dresser. They are the ones that not only do they take care of the fruit and all this, they nurture the vine, the ground around the vine. They make sure everything is clean to to promote health and growth in in the vine and in the branches and in the fruit. That's why Jesus didn't say, "I am a tree and you are the branches." A vineyard needs a husbandman. A tree don't. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. Every branch that beareth fruit, he purchaseth, that he may bring forth more fruit. Now ye are clean through the world which I have spoken unto you abide in me and I in you as the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide abide in the vine. No more can ye except you abide in me. You will not bear fruit if he's not in you. You will not bear fruit that has the life of the vine if you're not in him. Right? Amen. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me, you can do nothing. So you wonder, well, how do how does this tie into becoming? You got to understand this is all about the fruit. Jesus says, "I am the vine." So what's in the vine? The life. God's life is in the vine. The vine does not bear fruit. But this life has to become into something. It has to be coming in something. So it goes into the branches. Who's the branches? The vine's life should be in the branches. It's the vine. IT'S THE BRANCHES THAT PRODUCE the fruit, not the vine. So it all depends on what fruit you're producing. We know through through science and all that. They're able to graft branches in. Brother Brandon have used that so many times in in in examples how grafting they take a lemon tree and they'll graft in a an orange. And he says, "What do you think it'll bring forth?" It'll still bring forth an orange because it don't have the original life that's in that lemon tree in that branch. And there's so many times that we graft in things in our life that don't have his life. Right. So the the the fruit that comes out with the it has every fruit has a seed and in that seed is the life of the original vine. That's what it has become the fruit. What are your what's the fruits that you're given? What fruits are you bearing in your life? You know, there there's so many things that in the process of this this vine becoming branches, then becoming leaves. And and I did some research on this because I'm not very smart. I I'm not into plants and stuff. But it says when referring to a vine branch, becoming signifies the process of growing, developing from a small sprout into a mature fruitbearing branch entirely dependent on its connection to the vine for life. and nourishment and the ability to produce grapes. It embodies the idea of transformation and maturation through the dependence on the vine itself. It's totally 100% dependent on the vine. That's the original life source. So connection to the vine, the branch, the branch's entire existence relies on its attachment to the vine, drawing life and and nutrients. Growth and development. As the branch grows, it extends outwards, producing leaves and eventually developing buds that mature into grapes. Fruitfulness, the ability, the ultimate becoming of a branch is its ability to bear fruit, representing the full potential of its connection to the vine. So, are you bearing fruit? How many in here knows what the fruits of the spirit are? Love, joy, faith, peace, longsuffering. That's what we should be bearing. That's human nature gets involved so many times. Human nature takes over our life sometimes and and and there's things in our life that we we graft in that we graft in that we think, well, I'm supposed to bear this. The only deal is anything you graft in to the branch will never have the life of the vine. It might produce fruit. It might produce bitterness, unforgiveness, grudges, hatred, contentment, malice, anything you graft in that does not have the life of the original vine. It's not becoming the vine. So, as I was telling the the the people there in Virginia, they always wondered where a seedless grape came from. Yeah, I I remember my mom buying them as a kid and it mesmerized me. So, it took me 40 years to figure it out. How many does know we're going after tonight? You won't be able to say that. So, a seedless grape once once the the branch that bears the the cluster of grapes starts to protrude out and starts to bear fruit when it's little, doesn't have a seed in it yet, they cut it off and they stick it in the ground away from the vine in a in a in a place of soil away and it continues to grow with no seed. There's no life. So many we we got a lot of seedless grapes hanging on us sometimes. It's got no life. You know what did God say? What did God say? That anything got that does not bear fruit of the vine, I will cut it off. Yeah, I will cut it off. Sometimes God has to cut things out of our lives. You know, and I I don't know. Hopefully, it's nobody here. But, you know, it's like I I was telling them that three weeks ago, it just seems like, you know, somehow in my sermon, in Brother Donniey's sermon, sermons, I went to Kentucky and listened to a brother preach there. Everybody's preaching about forgiveness. Maybe it's God pulling us to this last place to where we love everybody, where we live, where we can forgive. And I understand I I'm not in your shoes. You might have things in your life that is really hard to forgive, right? You know, it might be hard to forgive. You know, we're not God. We can't forget. I understand that human nature, you can't forget. There's people that say they forgive, but their mouth says otherwise when that certain person's brought up. So I encourage you if if you have unforgiveness or you have forgiven but you can't forget, if that person comes up in your your memory or or your conversation, let your mouth be influenced by forgiveness instead of memory. Amen. It's that simple. What comes out of you? Listen to me. People that can't that hold grudges and they got to be miserable. They have to be miserable. You can't you can't forgive somebody. Like I've said it before, you you'll never go in rapture. You'll you'll never take it with you. And then we we look at the prayer that Jesus that Jesus tells the disciples. He said, "When you stand praying, forgive those because if you don't, your father in heaven does not forgive you." That's right. So the moment unforgiveness took root in your heart, everything you've done since, God hasn't forgave. You still hold that. You haven't. You might have repented, forgiven. I just don't understand how somebody can repent and ask God forgiveness for something they done and they they can't forgive somebody. But Jesus says when you standing forgive, if you don't forgive, God don't forgive you. So if you have a root of unforgiveness in your heart, the moment it was planted, everything you've done since, you still own. That might sound harsh. You might disagree with me. I You can prove me wrong if you want. I'm not a Bible scholar. All I know what it said. If you don't forgive, he don't forgive. Simple as that. Moving on, we we got to move off of that. Brother Brandham says in the seven church ages in John 15, Jesus says, "I am the vine. You are the branches." He is the main vine which comes out of the original root from the original seed that has the life in it. Now, the vine does not bear fruit. It is the branches that does. Now, now watch this. You can take a citrus tree such as an orange tree and graft it into a grapefruit limb, a a lemon limb, a tangelo limb, other kinds of that varieties. Those limbs will grow, but those grafted limbs will not bear oranges, which is the original fruit. The lemon limb will bear lemons. The grapefruit limb will bear grapefruit and so on. Yet those limbs will be thriving off the life of the tree. But if that tree ever puts off another branch of itself, it'll be an orange branch and bear oranges because the life in the limb and the life in the trunk are identical. Whereas it it wasn't so with the grafted limbs. Those grafted branches had their sources in other kinds of trees, from other roots, from other seeds. Now, they bear fruit, all right? But they don't bear oranges. They cannot because they are not the original. As I was saying, people take things in their life and they they graft them in. You've got people that that that live in in in shame and things they've done in their life, they hold on to it. they to me, you know, look looking at it and and I know it's hard sometimes to when when you got something in your life that you're ashamed of and God's forgiven you. Sometimes it's hard to see that because God just don't come down, sit beside you and say, "Buddy, daughter, I forgive you." Right? It don't happen. God says, "Ascept my forgiveness. I for I forgave you before the foundation of the world." Yeah. And a lot of people take this in that this is my cross to bear and they graft that in. There's no life in it. There there's people that that because of shame and and embarrassment and things they have in their life, they they got gifts in their life. They no longer give to the bride. Things that God's give you and you've you've GRAFTED IN A LIMB OF SOMETHING that that you feel you still have to bear this cross and God's already took it from you. Come on. And you're letting it hold you down from growth. You're letting it hold you down from becoming what God called you to become. And God said, "You don't have to live that live that way. I took that shame from you. I took that transgression from you." Amen. And Satan's going to keep telling you, "Well, people are talking. People are talking about this so- and so. They looked at me. They didn't shake my hand. They don't like me because of something I've done or whatever." People hold it in their lives for years, refusing to give it up, and they've had it grafted in so long it looks like it's part of the tree. God said, "I'll cut it off. If it's not producing my life, I will cut it off." Yes, sir. Some of these things God's cutting off, we should be rejoicing about. Amen. When God's cutting guilt and shame out of your life should produce joy. Yes. And God's cutting depression and anxiety out of our lives. People get to where they settle for a pill. This pill makes me feel better. You're just like the children of Israel when God said, "Push them all out of your land. Push them out. Every single one of man, woman, and child." Yeah. So that what they do? They pushed them in a corner. They never Israel, the children of Israel never became what God wanted them to become. That's true. Never. To this day, they've never become what God wanted them to become. Because they settled. The Ammonites, the Malachites, they pushed them in a corner and they grafted them into the branches. They settled. Well, they'll they will they will be our farmers. They will tend our cattle. They will do this. They will build houses for us and all that. You settled for a trick of the devil. When you just say, "All I got to do is take a pill." Makes me feel better. Takes this anxiety away. Takes There's nothing wrong with that. I'm not saying anything wrong with the medication. I just don't think you should put that above God because God made you a promise. You're sons and daughters of God. And God made you a promise and said, "When you reaching the point where I want you to become, it don't include a pill." Amen. I gave you total healing. I gave you total deliverance. Yes. I'm not settling for anything man has. If God leads me to take one, fine. I don't I don't I don't I'm I can't There's a difference between sympathy and empath empathy. I get them mixed up. But I've never been there. I'm I've never thankful to God in heaven by God's grace. I've never been a depressed person. Never had an anxiety. Never had depression. I mean, we all go through ups and downs. We all do. Yeah. But I've never I've never battled that. And and um I pray for people. I really do. I pray for people that battle because it's real. It's real. At this age right now, that is one of the most prominent diseases on the face of the earth is mental health. Yes, sir. I've seen it in working it. I've just been fortunate to to work in it and and not bring it home. It's just God's grace. Yes, sir. But God says you can have deliverance for that. Let God prune that off. God's putting you through a process of of becoming something. He wants to prune that off. If it's not bearing his fruit, cut it off. You say, "Brother Joe, mine not that that easy." Maybe it's not. I promise I I'll pray for you. I will. And you pray for me. I'm sure there's things a lot of things in my life that God needs to prune off. I'm going to have to hurry up here. But as we read, we reading and it says in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. That's where the vine was rooted in the word. So when you got a vine that puts out a branch and that branch puts out a fruit, it puts out a fruit and inside that fruit is the evidence. It's not the fruit itself. inside the fruit is the evidence of the life that's in that that vine. Yes, sir. And so if you produce a fruit and the seed inside that you it's it's all about seeds that you sew, right? Where's that seed? It's inside the fruit that you bear. If you sew seeds of of friendship, seeds of love, forgiveness, peace, joy, longsuffering, that's what you'll reap. Yes. Because when that when that fruit falls off in in in the Bible in when he tells it in there in in 15 in John 15 when it says it comes off, another one comes on. When God purges it, that fruit that's got the life of the God, God purges that. Why? So it will produce more. Yes, sir. So what happens to that that one that gets purged? It falls to the ground. Right back into the ground where the vine is rooted. Yes, sir. Right back into the word. And it matches and blends right back into the word. And that seed will produce the same life that is in the original vine. That's how you That's how you know if that life is in you. Yes, sir. You know, we talk about signs and wonders. We talk about gifts. We want these things these gifts to come to come amongst us in the church. You know, you're wondering where where's the gifts at? Maybe you're the one that God's waiting to use. You you got anything in your life that's hindering these gifts from moving? Come on now. You know, I've never spoke in tongues. Never have. Maybe I will someday. I don't know. Maybe that's not my gift. But but if if God allows that for me, God will wait if it's truly of God till he has a clear channel to work through. Right. Yeah. You want God to to to work the gifts, the speaking in tongues, interpretation, the prophecy in this church. Look at your life. Is it a vessel that he could use? Come on. We're not talking about running around shouting and speaking in tongues and and total chaos. We're talking about controlled order, ordained by God, gifts given by God, that will produce a seed that God says, "Yes, that's mine. Yes, I did that." When you look at the way that brother Brandham used to say they would do it, they come to church hour or two early. The ones with the gifts would go in the back, they would speak speak in tongues and there' be interpretation. and they would write it interpretation down and they put it on the platform. Brother Neville would read it. I believe those days are coming back. But God wants somebody that has to become that has become. He wants a willing vessel that says, "Lord, let that be in me." IF THERE'S ANYTHING IN my life that's hindering, if you've got somebody you got a GRUDGE AGAINST, CALL THEM UP. Call them up and say, "Forgive me." And you I'm going to be honest with you and don't get upset. I don't mean this I mean this with all due respect. I don't care what they've done to you. True. Call them up. Say, "I've had a against you." Until you do, until you can look at that person and see and and love them from your heart when you look at them. When you used to look at them, you used to turn and go the other way. But you get true love. That is the actual the fruits of the spirit that come off the true vine. That love will look at that person with nothing but love. Nothing but love. The bride will have to get there before we leave. Brother Brandham said that perfect love is the only thing that's going. That's right. You'll be wanting to take that person with you. So I urge you tonight, maybe you've got the gift of speaking in tongues, interpretation, prophecy, whatever it might be, and it's for this bride. Please become so we can have it. Yes, you need to become because that gift is not for you. It's not for you. That's the brides. God's given us gifts. Whatever is in our life that's hindering the use of that because he wants to do it. I promise you, God wants to do it. God wants to use you to do it. We're going to get there. That's his promise. We're going to get there. I just want it to be sooner than later. I'm so sick of this world. Oh yeah. I'm so sick. I can't stand it. There ain't a thing in this world that I could say I would rather do than leave right now. Amen. This very second. That's what I want to do. I want my full becoming, brother Jimmy. I want my full becoming. So when I get this out of this flesh, I can get out of these anxious pains. I can get all these this things, these worries, these whatever things that happens in our life that we can get out of when you've totally become when that life has totally become in you. You have produced the fruit that God said you will produce. You will live different. You'll talk different. You'll look at people different. You'll walk different. Yes, sir. People will see you different. It's just a life that's become. There's only one thing in your life that you need to become one thing and that's God. That's it. Don't try to be the most popular. Don't try to be the this or that or I want to be this. Well, I want to be that. Get God first. And if everything else is his will, he'll get you there. If it ain't his will, you don't want it anyway. Let's stand together. [Applause] Y'all, I was watching a when I was studying this, I was watching a a preacher. He's passed on. Brother Miles Monroe from Bahamas. Wonderful man. He's a black gentleman. Just a wonderful um the way he he the way he taught from the Bible. He's just I don't know. I I I believe I'll see him there one day. He's back in the 70s and but he started talking about prayer. You know, when you become what God wants you to be to be, you'll pray different. Yeah. And and looking in Matthew 6, I really believe that that's was the heart's desire of the disciples. Teach us to pray. Why? They wanted a closer relationship with him. Teach us how to talk to him. Yeah. We want to know how to talk to him. And when Jesus didn't give him this long prayer, four verses and it starts out giving praise to God and it finishes giving praise to God. Amen. It includes forgiving others. And Lord, give us our daily bread. Amen. That wasn't talking about real food. This was the daily bread because he tells him later, "You ain't got to ask what you need to eat. Give us our daily bread." So, we begin to to look at that. M. Brother Monroe was saying when they was saying this prayer and and Jesus further on Jesus starts to talk to him and and when he begins to talk to him, he starts telling them how the the Gentiles pray these long prayers and wanting people to see him and asking for this and asking for that. He said, "Therefore, take no thought, saying, what shall we eat? What shall we drink? Wherewith all shall we be clothed? For after all these things do the Gentiles seek, for your heavenly father knoweth you have need of all these things. Amen. But seek ye first the kingdom of God. This is how you become. Seeking the kingdom of God. That is your process of becoming and his righteousness. We we've been told in the word that you have become God's righteousness. So you seek the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things will be added unto you. You know, we spend so much time praying for for this, for that, praying. You might be in financial ruin and you're praying, "God, I need money." You might be sick. God, I need healing. You You might be battling anxiety, depression, and you need peace. You need joy. But you don't have to ask. Did you hear me? You don't have to ask. All this has been added unto you. It's already yours. Everything that you have need of has been added unto you. What does Jesus tell him to do? Pray for others. Yes. Yes. When you pray, most part give worship to God. Yes. Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Everything that is yours, Lord, we praise. Everything that is your yours, we worship. We give you glory. And Lord, if there's somebody that needs you, Lord, I want to offer this prayer for brother so and so, sister so and so. They need it. Sometimes people are in shape, in such shape, they can't pray for themselves. God says, "Don't worry. I've got those that will. Those who have sought my kingdom and those who have sought my righteousness, I've added it to them. Brother Steve Newsome's healing, God's added it to you. Yeah. He's given it to you. Why? You are his righteousness. You are his healing. When you become God, you didn't become just part of God. You become all of God. You are God's healing. You are You are the the provider. You are everything that he is. God don't halfway do anything. God don't say, "I'm just going to give you a little piece of me." Now, we we we know you know that that it's it's by a law. We can't just go create a world and live on it. But brother Brandham said the power that God had when he spoke the words into existence and all the light years beyond the galaxies above, he said that power lays in you. exact same power. We should be the most healthy people around. Come on. If we become when when we have reached the point of becoming, we'll see less sickness. We'll see more deliverance. We'll see less unforgiveness. We'll see more grace. We'll see more love. We'll see all the attributes of God you want. You want to be well. You want to be healed. Remember when brother Brandham talked about that that person that came up prayed for? Let me see. I got it here. Here it is. Now, in front of you stands a person just like you was a few minutes ago. You were sick down here, but there is a well person standing there. Jesus is calling to that well person right beyond it. Now you by faith as you close your eyes walk right into that well well body walk into it. Everything that you want to be that God said you could have close your eyes and walk right into it. Amen. Amen. You want delivered from lust. You want delivered from spirits that are ungodly. Close your eyes and walk into that righteous body. Close your eyes and walk into that well body. If you're sick, it doesn't matter. It there's not one single thing that Satan has put on you that you can't walk into a new one. Nothing. Yes, sir. I hope this has encouraged you tonight. Let's bow our heads. I hope somehow someway y'all could put pieces of this together. If you have a need in your heart, in your life tonight, with your heads bowed, to me, my need is Lord, let me become exactly the picture you have of me. Cuz out in front of me is a picture that God has made for me. And God's telling me to close my eyes and walk into it. He's telling you the same thing. And that picture that he has of you, he's had it since the foundation of the world. And he's placing it in front of you tonight. He's telling you to walk into it. It's free of anything that Satan could put on you. Are you going to be subject to test and trials? Absolutely. But I promise you this, when you've walked into that body of righteousness, you'll be able to withstand anything that hell brings against you. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, I'm so so thankful, Father, that you let me bring this again, Lord. It's just way weighing on my heart, Lord. I I'm not here to hurt feelings, Lord. For all I know, everybody here is where they need to be. Only you know. But Lord, if there's a heart out there that's crying out to you, Lord, that may be lonely. They might not have friends. They may feel like they're hated. They may feel like they're rejected. But Lord, you called them for a purpose. Lord, you called them to come up higher. You called him to become you. Lord, if there's anything in between that and them, Lord, may you give them strength to walk through it, to walk towards that body, Lord, that you envision them in before the foundation of the world. Lord, you see the needs physical, mental, spiritual, whatever it may be. Father, Lord, I pray that you would touch each one. Lord, help us from this day forward, Lord, to purpose in our heart. Lord, I don't want to walk out of here worse, Lord. I want to walk out of here more better than I have ever walked out of a service, Lord. But Lord, when we do that, help us to to put a stake down and say, I'm never going back behind this stake again. I'm going further. May you meet that needs, Lord Jesus. How we love you. We thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. Let's just worship him for a little bit. You love him tonight. Yeah. He became me that I might become him by grace. He became me that I might become my race. [Applause] me to my place that I through his love could take him. [Music] Oh, he became me that I might become him by grace. [Music] He became me that I might become him. my gra. He became me that I might become him by. [Music] He took my place that I through his love could take his. [Music] Oh, he became me that I might become him by grace. He became me that I might become him by grace. [Music] Oh, he became me that I might become him by grace. [Music] He took my place that I through his love could take him. Oh, he became me that I might become him by grace. He became me that I might become him by grace. [Music] He became me that I might become here by grace. He turned my face that I through his love could take me. For he became me that I might become him by grace. Amen. How many of you appreciate the word of the Lord tonight? Amen. Certainly was good. Amen. I believe every desire in this building tonight would be I want to become what you want me to become. Amen. And I want to be what you want me to be. Right? Amen. I want you to do something. Shake hands with somebody around you tonight. Let's sing the little song. Amen. Don't forget to go by the gym, see what's going on over there. And remember service on Sunday morning. And the church said, "Amen." [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Sing it over. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sing it over. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Will you serve him? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sing it as you go. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Play the song, boys. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
