################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-28 - Godliness Pt.12 - 122825 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-28
Title:   Godliness Pt.12 - 12/28/25
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWRQAI5sYRA
========================================

Praise the Lord everybody. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord everybody. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Give him a good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. We're going to do something just a little bit different this morning. Brother Harry's going to lead us in a uh a song. We got We got so many We got so many songs and so little time to get it done in. So, we're going to we're going to do this. Uh, such an awesome God. Is that the name of it? Brother Harry. Let's all stand. Help him sing this song this morning. If you know it, I think you're going to put it on the screen for you. So, let's do that if you will. You called the sun to rise. You laid it down to rest. You hold this heart of mine. Oh yes. &gt;&gt; You hold my every such an awesome God. &gt;&gt; Oh yes you are so mighty. So holy, so wonderful. Such an awesome God. So, selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are seated in mesty holy name. Glory. The table is set for me. You are the living. Such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. Such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so joy from God. Glory might, so holy, so such an awome God. God, glorious, so generous, so faithful you are. And nothing comes close to the Lord. You're mighty. Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy comes close to the Lord mighty. Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. You're such an awome God. &gt;&gt; Yes, you are almighty. So holy, so wonderful. Such an awesome God, so selfless, so generous, so faithful. Thank you, Lord. You're such an awesome God. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. I want you to sing some more in just a minute. I want I want to share something with you. I heard brother Brandon on a tape yesterday. He was getting ready to call a prayer line and a demon got on a woman. She screamed and ran out of the building. And Brother Brandham made this statement. He said, "Holy Ghost, go bring her back." &gt;&gt; The next tape, he was talking about the same woman. He said, "I understand the woman is here that the Holy Ghost went after." He said, "I understand this morning that she's got the Holy Ghost now." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Oh, such an awesome God. You know, the devil, he'll he'll stand up and he'll boast and he'll brag, but I'm going to tell you something. He is a defeated foe today. &gt;&gt; He's going to try to cause you all kinds of trouble, all kinds of problems. He's going to give you more to worry about than this whole church could worry about. But we serve such an awesome God. &gt;&gt; Do you love him with all your heart? &gt;&gt; Give him one more good hand clap of praise. Brother Harry, sing us a verse. Let's sing a course again. seated in mesty reigning in holy name &gt;&gt; today a table for me for you are the living bread such an awesome God so mighty, so holy, so wonderful. Such an awesome God, so generous, so faithful you are. And nothing comes close to the Lord Almighty. Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord on my Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. Such an awesome God. Such an awesome God mighty. So holy. You so wonderful. You're an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him another good hand clap of praise in the house of the Lord today. Praise the Lord. Well, we we had a great time here last night and I believe we're going to have another great time here this morning. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; How many of you come expecting something from the Lord today? If you will just remain standing while we get ready to pray over our prayer request, Brother Melvin Lynch will be having shoulder replacement surgery in the morning. Certainly want to remember him. Brother Keith Phillips has an unspoken prayer request she'd like for us to pray about. Sister Brenda Collins says her niece Rachel Anne needs triple bypass surgery, but first of all must have dialysis. Please pray that she can have the strength for this and healing. My sister's husband Mike has stomach issues. Asking that we would remember that. Brother Curtis Hunnel has a respiratory infection and other infections. He's asking for prayer today. Brother Tyler, Sister Caitlyn Gagnan says, "A few months ago, we asked for prayer about a family at our old church in Maine for their baby boy. The Lord saw fit to take their baby boy home yesterday morning. Please pray for the church for the family and the church family back home." So, we certainly want to remember that as we pray today. Brother Pete and Sister Bambi Lawson are leaving today for Chattanooga. Brother Pete will be having preop testing and a level three spinal fusion. So we certainly want to remember brother Pete, sister Bambi in prayer today. Uh brother Carter Lawson says to remember my family in your prayers. My niece passed away. She was 58 years old. So let's remember that. Sister Tama Brown sends us in to please pray for John Davidson who is scheduled for a heart valve replacement tomorrow. He has a very weak heart. just asking that he would the Lord would make it possible for this to take place. Thank you and may God bless. So all these requests this morning certainly want to continue to pray for brother Sam Wo, brother brother Lynn Duggar that the Lord would be mindful of our brothers today. All the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's tremendous needs. Brother Harry, could you sing that course one more time and we'll get ready to pray such an awesome God. Do you believe that with all your heart? &gt;&gt; Do you believe me with all your heart? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's say it one more time if you will. &gt;&gt; Such an awesome God. So, &gt;&gt; Brother Skip, if you'd come, &gt;&gt; so holy, so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful you are. You're such an awesome God. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, it's almost impossible &gt;&gt; to come up here and not be emotional, but Lord, I love you and I know these people love you. We look to you for all of our needs, Lord. And Lord, we that story Louie told, I hadn't heard that, but Brother Bram said in another place that the Holy Ghost was the enforcer. And he said, "And many a night when my children was late coming in, I I sent that enforcer to him &gt;&gt; to bring them home." And God, we can do that today. And Lord, against these diseases and things, Lord, he's the enforcer. He enforces our healing, Lord. And we're so thankful that we have a place to come to bring these these uh these needs, Lord. And we pray you'd be with the minister as he speaks today. Give us courage and strength, Lord, to go another few days, Lord, and and live a life worthy of the gospel in Jesus name. We love you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother Skill. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, receive the morning tithe and offering you give us unto the Lord. If you have any visitors in our midst today, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have each and every one of you here. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless you as you enter this service with us. Give all those folks a good hand this morning if you would. Amen. Let's sing a little song this morning as our singers. Sister Maya, if you'd come on to the platform. Uh, Brother Phillip, if you'll come on to the platform. and brother Andrew Stsman, if you would come on to the platform. And I'm going to have to skip some singers today, but we want these folks to sing hurriedly make your way to the platform. And we're going to go right on into the service. I shall forever lift mine eyes. Oh, sing it to him. Sing it to him. Hallelujah. He looked me up on my fall and saw my need. Sing that verse for me, buddy. Amazing grace. That's all we can sing. He was amazing. shall always be my song of praise for it was great that all my liberties and glory I do not know why he came. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; To love me. So he loves me. Oh my predestinated heart. I shall ever lift my eyes to cal. Thank you Lord to you that rugged cross where Jesus died for you and for me glory the great my holy soul. Oh, he looked behold all my thoughts and saw my knees. He looked bely hallelujah. Give our singers a nice hand as you're seated today. Amen. God bless you today. Couldn't get this song off my heart. Uh in Isaiah, God said that he would make the darkness light before them and he would make the crooked things straight. That's what this song's about this morning. I will make the darkness light before thee. What is wrong? I'll make it right for thee. All thy battles I will fight before thee. and the high place I'll bring down with an everlasting love I'll love thee though with trials deep and sore I'll prove thee but there's Nothing that can hurt or move thee. And the high place I'll bring down. When thou walkest by the way I'll lead thee. And on the fatness of the land I will feed thee. And a mansion in the sky I'll deed thee. And the high places I'll bring down. Although Satan in his rage would tear thee, and with all his winning hearts he would snare thee, even down to thine old age. I'll bear thee in the high place. God said, "I'll bring down, and when thou walkest by the way, I'll lead thee on the fatness of the land. I will feed thee. And a mansion in the sky I will deed thee and the high place. Oh, I'll bring down. I will make the darkness light before thee. What is wrong, I'll make it right before thee. And all thy battles I will fight before thee. In the high places I'll bring down. And with an everlasting love, I will love thee. Though with trials deep and sore, I will prove thee. But there's nothing that can hurt or move thee. And the high place God said I'll bring down. And the high place God said I'll bring down. be. Be not dismayed. Fear not the darkness. Jesus is here. He walks beside us. Gracious is he through all our weakness. Forever faithful. Forever good. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. God with us, living his son, Emmanuel. Lift up our eyes to the maker of heaven. He is our help forever present. Faithful is he. He is our constant. Forever faithful. Forever good. Amen. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. God with us. Living in. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. God with us, clearing his son. Emmanuel, no matter what, what storm may come, our God is here. Our God is here. When fear gives in, when darkness runs, our God is here. Our God is here. No matter what, what storm may come, our God is here. Our God is here. When fear gives in, when darkness runs, our God is here. His name Emmanuel. Immanuel. God with us. Living is Emmanuel. Emmanuel, God with us, living in Emmanuel. you. Well, Longing longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him. us to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. We live this life and it's full of disappointments. Trials come to try to make us fail. Through it all, there still burns a desire. And deep within my heart comes forth a cry. I'm longing to be taken from this place. I'm yearning to see his glorious face. I know that he's here calling me by name. No more sorrow, no more pain. My greatest desire is to be changed. There's nothing left in this world but destruction. We see people turning back to their old ways. And by the grace of God, there's a bride here that's praying for the promise of the hour to be fulfilled. I'm longing to be taken from this place. I'm yearning to see his glorious face. I know that he's here calling me by name. No more sorrow, no more pain. My greatest desire is to be changed. I'm longing to be taken from this place. I'm yearning to see his glorious face. I know that he's here calling me by name. No more sorrow, no more pain. My greatest desire is to be changed. My only desire is to be changed. last Sunday that we'll ever be together in 25, right? I hope I'm writing that in and saying that. I think we got one more service Wednesday night. Just look around a second. Just look at look at your neighbors. Just go ahead and look at them. God's been good to us. We've lost some of our congregation this past year, but God had a greater plan. We don't understand a lot of things, but we respect and know that he does all things well, don't we? &gt;&gt; God's been good to us as a congregation. God's blessed us with a wonderful ministry. wonderful people to go to church with. We've been blessed. &gt;&gt; Look at your neighbor and say, "You have blessed me." Now, I mean it from your heart. Praise the Lord. And we're going to hear Brother Harry the last Sunday morning in 2025. We've got to hear The Dove Leads the Lamb. Would you like to hear that this morning? Give Brother Harry a good hand this morning as we sing it with you. D. Don't you appreciate, brother Louie? Most of the time I do. I was thinking about what brother Daryl said last night about really it was him that put the desire in us. Do you know if you're here this morning and you really are seeking the Lord from your soul in this message and truth, do you know why? Because he made it possible. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You're not here just because your mom and daddy's here, your grandpa's here, or whatever, but you're here because the almighty God who spoke and said, "Let there be." Also spoke and said, "There will be a bride." &gt;&gt; Amen. And she's manifested right here. Let them say what they want to about us. And we're crazy. Yes, we are crazy. We're crazy about Jesus. The spirit and the bride was single elect and stirred inside their home. Our united time has come. We and the father are one. You will be with our Lord forever more. Oh, evening light has come. The bride is making preparation. She's here in the shadow of her king. He's cleaning from inside and the lead finally clean was granted to her. Jes washed in the blood of God's hol with righteousness not our own. We're just before his throne. Where we reign with our Lord forever more. Oh light has come. The bride is making preparation. We're still hearing the shout of our king. The tokens been cleaned from inside. And the dark lead once again has come. The bride is making today we're hearing of our king. The token's been made. He's clear from inside. And the lead once again. Oh, and the leads once again. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I believe he is. Don't you? &gt;&gt; I've been listening to the couple of different Christmas sermons that Brother Brandon had preached and one of them was the one brother Daryl had been studying and listening to and why it had to be shepherds. And brother Brandham addressed the people at that time frame which is December of 1964. And he called them Christmas time sheep. I thought, how unusual. Christmas time sheep. I hope we have some Christmas time sheep here today. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you can be seated. We got a little baby to dedicate today. And brother Jonah and Sister Julie couch to bring their little baby girl today, Ellie. and we'll dedicate her to the Lord. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Congratulations. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, I've held hundreds of these little newborns like this. It never ceases to amaze me the miracle of life. to see the mixture of the DNA and the chromosomes of a man and a woman together and to see the product of what it produces. And with that comes such great excitement. And as it has been said at our birth tears are are shed because people are happy. At our passing tears are shed because they are sad. So we know we have an increment of time in between those birth tears and those death tears. We desire Lord to live our lives for you in a way that's pleasing to you. Lord God, these parents stand before you today in your presence to bring back their little daughter Ellie to you. We're praying, Lord, for your wisdom and your strength to them. Help them to be able to love her, nurture her, teach her, raise her in a way that'll be pleasing to you. The excitement, the joy, but we know also with life can come pain and difficulty and sorrow. But may you help them, Lord. For little, we pray you'd watch over her, keep her, keep her from the evils, the diseases of the day. Lord, we commit our life to you today, Father, for a life of service. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we ask. Amen. Bless you all. Let's stand together. Truly, as the scripture says in the book of James, our life is as a vapor. It u it's here and it's gone. I remember when I was a boy, some of y'all was thinking, "Wow, you can remember that far back." Yeah, I can literally. It seemed like the summer days would never pass. The days were so long. &gt;&gt; Now it seems like they're passed before you even realize they're gone. &gt;&gt; Y'all experience that, too. &gt;&gt; And you can realize why it's so important that the life that we have is lived in a way that's pleasing to the Lord Jesus. When it's all said and done, that's what matters more than anything. I've preached uh funerals of rich, poor, middle class, upper class, lower class, no class. I've never seen one casket full of gold, keys to Cadillacs, Lincoln, titles or property, just a body laying there with no soul there. If I have to face that time and I'm not alive to be changed, I want my life to have been lived for the Lord Jesus to know &gt;&gt; there's value to it. Don't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Whether you're a preacher or not, just just a Christian that you can live for the Lord. It's a great honor for us. We greet you today in the name of the Lord Jesus. For those of you that wasn't able to be with us in the service last night, we had a wonderful time here. Had an awesome, awesome service. and thank brother Daryl for obeying the Lord and presence of the Lord but just so wonderful uh people singing after after the communion and u people didn't want to go home to me that's good churchmen &gt;&gt; that's good church people just so in love with the Lord let's read today if you would second Peter chapter 1 verse 2 grace and peace be multip multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness to be like God, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue, whereby given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature. Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust, and beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. How many like to be remembered today as we pray over the word? God bless you. Me too. Heavenly Father, as we come again today in this place that we have built and dedicated to your honor and to your glory. Father, we're not gathered here today so that any individual, any human being would get credit for anything. We're here to give you praise. We want to be as you have told us that when we stand before you that day that we will stand there and and simply give give credit of course and give answer to our life. But no matter what we would have accomplished, we know that we will stand there as unworthy servants as far as ourselves. There's not a one of us here today, no matter what we've done or what we think we've done, that deserves grace and mercy. But you've given that to each of us. And for that we are thankful. Now we come today again, Lord, to approach your word and to approach your people with the word. I pray that you'd help me. Help me to get out of the way. Lord, shut my mouth to anything that would displease you. Help me to follow the leading of the spirit of God and your channel. We ask, Lord. Father, you see this prayer call, dear God, of our sister. Lord God, you see these needs, these requests, Lord, that she has before you, the leadership of the spirit of God that's needed in her life. I pray, Father, that you'd be with her, Lord. All these hundreds of hands that were uplifted, be mindful of every need. We ask in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And the saints of God said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I don't mind telling you I've enjoyed all these virtues that we have looked at thus far and I've been blessed uh uh by by studying them and by preaching them. But I think this one has been one of the most surprising to me and one that I have enjoyed so much, so tremendous in such a tremendous way. being able to bring a part of God's own nature in avenues that I personally had never looked at before in order to be like God and to have attributes that would be given to us by the new birth and something that he would share with us of his own nature and of his own being. And to know that we live in in quite a complex time, a difficult time. The Lord Jesus knew that sin would be where it is today. He knew that the outrage of darkness and everything that's going on in the world, he knew that it would regress to the time that we're in. and only a couple of times in civilization that it could even be compared to in the days of Noah and in the days of Sodom and Gomorrah. The Lord Jesus could have used many different time frames to be able to reference the time of his coming, but he chose two particular ones as it was in the days of Noah and as it was in the days of Sodom. Historically, there were awful times and different time frames and he could have used any of those in a reference. But the thing of it is none of those others actually met the same type that would be set forth in this day. So, we can see by that that we're living in a in a time that it's a time of prophecy, but prophecy is not only good, but prophecy can also be forecasting things that are going to be evil. And we believe we're in that time. So when the Lord Jesus came to the earth, he started using terminology that had never been used by any of the of the prophets, the sages, the seers that had been on the earth to uh before him. And he began to set forth something that was totally new. Now remember, it wasn't just new to the people of God, but it was new to the devil. So the devil had to listen and he had to pay attention to what God was doing and the change that was being brought about. So the Lord Jesus started using things about sayings about the world. Well, that terms had been used in the Hebrew in the Old Testament, but it never been used like the Lord Jesus began to use it. So he said, "You're not of this world. You're uh different from the world. I'm not of the world and you aren't of the world. And if you were of the world, the world would hate you. Now you imagine the disciples as they were there and then some of them understood Greek and the Greek word there is of course the cosmos which is the world order. Jesus didn't say the earths but he said the world which is not the same thing. The world is on the earth, but the earth is not necessarily the world in every scriptural reference because it is the order which now occupies and controls the earth. So we don't need as far as a new ball of the earth. We don't need a new earth. We just need this earth to be able to be completed in its new birth and be changed and the order the cosmos will be destroyed. Now the real Christians, you know, they may look at it and try to sort through it and figure out how how do we live in the world and how do we a part of the world, but yet we don't partake of the things that are wrong, that are sinful, that are questionable, that would make us unlike God. So there's two aspects of it and one of them is godliness and the other aspect is ungodly. So to be one, you cannot be the other. And you cannot be both at the same time. So you've got to either be godly or you've got to be ungodly. And what is it that identifies us? No doubt churches all over the Tri Cities today have used the same words, godly and ungodliness, righteous and unrighteousness. And the words would not be a problem with us. But the interpretation of what they mean and the way they say it, we would have issues or hopefully we would because there's got to be something that will separate God's people to make them like God different than just going to church and say, "Well, I I'm a Christian. I'm a believer. I' i've accepted the Lord Jesus as my savior, and all that's wonderful and good." But a person that has done that still doesn't mean that they've reached the place that we just read for our text that Peter wrote about. So he's writing about people that have been saved, as we would say, sanctified, and they've started growing up into the stature of a perfect man. Remember, perfect worship can only be reflected in the stature of a perfect son and daughter of God. So to be like God is to hate certain things. Things not people things. To be like God is to love certain things. There's some things that God loves that you know what I I imagine most of us would probably struggle with it in our humanity. I'll give an example. The prophet said God loves to let his children get in such a spot that they don't know what to do. and then he comes on the scene. I particularly don't like those types of instances, &gt;&gt; but he loves it. So, I'm praying he'll help me to love him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? Now, there's things that God loves then that's going to be contrary to our humanity. And then there'll be certain things that God hates that our humanity might gravitate toward. So each of us are in this in this you know this difficult spot of trying to find okay God for my life what what what do you want me to do how do you want me to behave in this world now let us read if you would today in St. John 12:2. Now remember, these words are not up for debate because it was the words of the Lord Jesus that said it. I imagine that it must have been very peculiar and more than likely very very much misunderstood whenever he said these things and they are still today. Notice Jesus is going to say something that is going to take the spirit of God to be able to discern the the intent and the meaning. He that loveth his life shall lose it. He that loveth his life. How many loves your life? &gt;&gt; Okay, the rest of you are liars. How many loves your life? And there's an element of loving your life that is not wrong. But according to the Lord Jesus, there's an element of loving your life is sinful. And as a matter of fact, you'll lose it if you do. Listen. He that loveth his life shall lose it. He that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal. So in order to get eternal life, I have to hate my life. How am I supposed to hate my life when I love my life? God makes each of us with laws of self-preservation to eat, to take care of oursel, to do certain things. Do we all do that? If we don't, shame on us. But yet, you imagine how these disciples didn't have the Holy Ghost yet. And the Lord Jesus, it would seem as if though that he said one thing that was contrary to the other. So he says, "He that loveth his life shall lose it. He that hateth his life, notice, but where? In this world. So, a person that loves their life in the order of the world. Now, we're talking about in society and in the structure of the world and the order of the world. So, a person loves their life in that. So, does that mean that us as believers that it's totally sinful for us to be nice to people in the world? You're not even a Christian if you're not nice to people. &gt;&gt; Is there anything wrong with us having friends out there? Not a thing in the world wrong with it as long as you don't let them friends lead you contrary to the word of God. As a matter of fact, Jesus said he would leave us in the world so that our lights would shine before men that they may see our good works and glorify our father which is in heaven. But look at how delicate that that is in this verse. So he that loveth his life shall lose it. He that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal. Now all of us no doubt know people and have met people that are just absolutely miserable. They don't like life. They don't like church. They don't like nothing and nobody in it. And they think they're heavenly. They're just a bunch of crabs. I said, they're just a dried up old crab and they're in a bad mood. And they don't like church. They don't like singing. I don't care what you do, where you go, what you eat. They always growl and complain and sing. I'm heavenly. You ain't done it. You're as rotten as an old crab. Amen. &gt;&gt; But you see, the balance is us hating our life in this order. Now, why wouldn't we whenever we know there's a world that is so far beyond this one and God allowing our church age's messenger to go beyond that curtain of time and bring us a little insight to the order where our brothers and sisters are this morning, waiting for us. Why wouldn't we hate it in the order of the world? Now notice since then Jesus goes on to say in St. John 15:18, "If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you." Now, does the world as a whole hate modern Christianity? &gt;&gt; Think about it. Does the world as a whole hate modern Christianity? No. Now, there may be certain Muslims that do. Of course, they they decreed that in their own laws, you know, to kill the unbelievers, infidels. That's what we are. I'm glad I'm an infidel according to their God. I'd be in a mess if I believe what they believe. &gt;&gt; But I want you to notice now how Jesus said this. If the world hate you, so what is it about certain Christians that the world hates and other so-called Christians, the world loves them. They don't dress different than them. They don't talk different. They listen to the some of the same music and they'll see some of them at the same bars and the same, you know, places where they hang out together. And they love those type of Christians. And yet there's other Christians that the world, the cosmos, the world order absolutely hates them. Why? Why is it? Because they believe in Jesus. It's very popular to believe in Jesus to wear a cross around their neck. How many rappers wear crosses around their necks? How many rock and roll singers? Come on, somebody. How many country music people and rock and roll and this and that and the other? It's a big deal to be religious. My goodness, Christianity has broke over every barrier as far as what they think because now we got Christian drug addicts and we got Christian homosexuals and we got Christian this. That is an abomination to put the name Christian with such thing. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; WE GOT CHRISTIAN liars and Christian this and Christian that. No, no, we don't. BUT YOU SEE, THE world totally accepts Christian addicts. The world accepts Christian homosexuality. The world accepts Christian this and Christian that. But who are the Christians that the world hates? Those who separate themselves. Now, by separation, I don't mean that you just still don't go to Walmart and Kroger and Engles and Food City and Amigos after church. Praise the Lord. But you're separated by the way you live, by the way you talk, by the way you behave yourself, you're nice to them, you do business with them. Is that right? &gt;&gt; So you business people, do you all just limit your business to Christians only? You electricians, you converter guys, you rest, you painters, whatever you do, Y'ALL JUST WORK FOR message people only, right? &gt;&gt; No. You know why? God don't want you to. NOW WATCH. THE LORD Jesus is bringing in this new new commandment, new covenant. So if the world hates you, you know that it hated me before it hated you. How many here loves to be hated today? &gt;&gt; Wow. Not one person. You notice I didn't put mine up either. And yet if we are going to be true Christians, we are going to be hated. &gt;&gt; Not just misunderstood. That's not the same thing. We are going to be hated. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Notice again in verse 19, if ye were of the world, the world would love, notice the gender which Jesus used to identify the rulership of the world. The world would love his own. His who? Well, who do you figure? The devil. &gt;&gt; So if you were of the world, the world would love his own. Well, how is it then that the the majority of Christendom in this day, the world loves them and they have SUCH COMPLIMENTARY things to say about them. Oh my, the worldier preacher is, the better the world likes him. Oh, we go to this church because they don't preach against sin. And we go there and they've got this program for our kids and they've got this program for the elderly and they've got this program for the middle terms and they got this program for this and our preacher is so nice and I have never heard him rebuke anybody. That ain't no servant of God then. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, the world loves that. Don't you understand? It's the consummation of Revelation 13 to where that beast power with the religious, political, and civil power is going to come together and usher in the mark of the beast. And it ain't going to be with Islam. It's going to be under the oposes of so-called Christianity because the mother and the daughters are coming together. Come on, somebody. Don't you understand? Islam is nothing but Satan putting up an image in front of people so they will get their eyes off of the real beast. You remember I told you years ago when I was on the Serengeti in Kenya in Tanzania, a great park there in the Masamara and I was with a brother which was a game warden there in in the message and and we was able to take tours around in these different places and we went out into this massive massive field in the Masamara and there was this big lioness laying up on the top of an of an ant mound and those things there can be 7 8t tall but this one was around four 4 and 1/2 ft tall and she was laying right on top of it. Out in the field were gazels and Jim's buck and all different types of hundreds and hundreds of animals and they were there and they were eating the little the little analopee and things that was all around looking at her and they'd raise their head up and look down. They go down and get some more grass and they'd flick their little tail and flick their ears and they're watching and they'll wet their nose cuz that's the way that they they make the sensitivity been able to smell. and that's watching her and that lioness was laying there just every now and then she'd raise her tail I guess to let them know she's still alive. So I asked the brother that was with I said why why aren't they running? Why why are they not? He said she is a decoy. So he got his binoculars out and he got to looking and the grass was about this tall average and some of it was higher than that. And he got to looking and he glassed in a glass and he hand me the glasses and now right here is the one that they don't they don't see. And as I looked through there, there was the rest of the pride. And the pride was all sulking here. They were coming down real low, crawling, but they had their eyes on the decoy. She's just flicking her tail and they're watching. But you know where they were coming from? Behind them. Don't you understand what Satan does in different ages? He sticks up this and he sticks up that. All it is is a decoy. The rise of Islam in the last day. I want somebody to show me in the Bible. Well, the Bible prophesies that Islam will rule the world. Come on, somebody. Oh, that's their claim and that's what they want. BUT THERE'S NO BEAST power in prophecy that's written to anoint Oh my Islam to take over the world. But what does Satan do? He raises up this decoy and that decoy for people to get their eyes. And what does it do to the church annity? It drives all the so-called Christians together. We got to huddle together. We've got to come together. Mother and daughters. Oh my. We've had our differences, but now we're all one. Yeah, they're all one. All right. But not one with a word. &gt;&gt; Notice Jesus said, "If you were of the world," I love these words. "If ye were, but I'm glad I'm not." If you were of the world, the world would love his own. But because ye are not of the world, somebody ought to say, "Praise the Lord for that." &gt;&gt; Because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, THEREFORE THE WORLD. The world hateth you. This is godliness revealed in the form of world hatred. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'd hate to be a preacher today that nobody had anything evil to say against them. &gt;&gt; I'd be the first to hit this altar right here cuz if you're a man of God, the devil's going to hate you. Not only preachers, if you're a son or daughter of God, the devil's going to hate you. &gt;&gt; There will be people that YOU WILL DO WORK FOR. And no matter how you try to please them, I don't care what you do, they will hate you. You know what it is? Many times it's a demon living in their body that recognizes the spirit of God in your body. And that devil hates you. Well, I'm I'm here today to say, "Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm glad the devil of the world hates me. I'm glad the devil hates our church. I'm glad the world hates our message. I WOULD NOT WANT A SO-CALLED Christianity that anybody could live any way they wanted to live. They could drink. They could booze. They could dope. They could do everything in the world and everybody's just accept you. But I'll tell you friend, that's not the church the Lord Jesus calls as his own. Now, these are his words, not mine. Now, NOTICE IN ST. JOHN 17:6, I have manifested thy name, Jesus, in prayer, unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world. So they were in the world, born in the world, of the same carnal nature. And yet they were given to Jesus out of the world. And how did they treat them once Jesus was gone? Beat them, FALSELY ACCUSED THEM, eventually kill most of them. And yet today in modern Christianity, we don't even live right enough, holy enough to make the devil even mad. &gt;&gt; Preach, Brother Dunny. &gt;&gt; Thine they were, and thou gavest them me. Thine they were, and thou gavest them me, and they have kept thy word. Verse 14, I have given them thy word, and the world hath hated them because they are not of the world. And they didn't even have the Holy Ghost yet, EVEN AS I am not of the world. I wonder how many of the churches in the Tri Cities, including ours, can say this truthfully. The world hates me in the same way it hated Jesus &gt;&gt; for the same cause. I ain't talking about people hating you cuz you done a bad business deal with them and you cheated them. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; I think I'll go in the office and preach the rest of this. I AIN'T TALKING ABOUT THEM HATING YOU BECAUSE YOU'VE SINNED AGAINST THEM. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about you being so much like God, they can't stand you. &gt;&gt; And they don't even really know why. &gt;&gt; This is an aspect of godliness that only the elect will ever attain to. &gt;&gt; Cuz it will be demons and their bodies recognizing God in yours. and they declare war &gt;&gt; where they see God lives. &gt;&gt; So, praise the Lord, Brother Donnie. Sounds like it's going to be rough. It is, &gt;&gt; but it's going to get better after a while. That's what we're waiting for. &gt;&gt; Now, notice in VERSE 15, I PRAY NOT THAT thou should have shouldest take them out of the world. SO, DOES THE LORD WANT US HOW DOES HE WANT US TO DEAL THEN with so you business SO BROTHER ROB DOES THAT mean that from now on you have to put up a sign on your door there in your line of work that I only work for message people only finance homes for message people and and you brothers that DO CONVERTERS I ONLY BUY CONVERTERS from converted people good luck on that &gt;&gt; some of the converted people I'm not sure is converted some of the issues I've had to resolve between them honest integrity. &gt;&gt; PRAISE THE LORD, BROTHER DONNIE. &gt;&gt; BUT I'M TALKING ABOUT US BEING HATED BY THE WORLD BECAUSE IN THAT DEMONIC REALM, they see something pulsating from your soul. &gt;&gt; Right here in this building today, everybody here is pulsating one of two things. Light or darkness. &gt;&gt; Every one of us are pulsating out of OUR BEING. SO DEMONS don't just look at the length of your hair, sisters, or the length of your dress, but they look at what pulsates from that dynamo in your soul. Every one of us ARE PUTTING OFF SOMETHING. AND THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T EVEN have to say something to SOME PEOPLE AND THEY JUST look at you and they don't like you. &gt;&gt; As a matter of fact, they hate you. &gt;&gt; And they probably don't even know why. &gt;&gt; But don't hate them back. feel sorry for him. &gt;&gt; That's the other side of living on the hated aspect of godliness. &gt;&gt; That Jesus could look at those that hated him and he wouldn't go through and heal all only those who believed him. And when he broke the bread and the fish, he didn't just say, "Now boys, hand that out only to the believers, &gt;&gt; but the liars, the deceivers, the one who would witness against him, false witness, &gt;&gt; he helped them, too." &gt;&gt; Godliness. Now, how many wants to be more like God? Amen. &gt;&gt; Now notice he says, "I PRAY NOT THAT THOU SHOULD US TAKE THEM OUT OF the world, BUT THAT THOU SHOULDEST keep them from the world." Wow. Out. Out. We're called out by his grace, but we're still in it, but he wants us kept from it. called out, living in it, but kept from its control &gt;&gt; and its power. &gt;&gt; And what kind of a battle is that? Every day of our lives. &gt;&gt; Every day of our lives. &gt;&gt; Notice again St. John 17:16. THEY ARE NOT of the world even as I am not of the world. And yet they were born IN THE WORLD. BORN OF EARTHLY PARENTS, BORN OF NATURAL SEXES ARE. AND JESUS SAID, "THEY ARE NOT OF THE WORLD." Oh children, how blessed we are. &gt;&gt; IF GOD ALMIGHTY COULD SAY THAT ABOUT EACH OF US TODAY, HOW BLESSED WE ARE. They are not of the world. EVEN AS I AM not of the world. &gt;&gt; Sanctify them through thy truth. THY WORD IS TRUTH. AS THOU HAST SENT ME into the world. Look at him saying this term over and over and over again. The world, the world, the world. As thou has sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world. AND YOU'RE GOING TO BE AMONG THEM, AND THEY'RE GOING TO BE around you. &gt;&gt; And yet he says, don't partake of their deeds. Paul uses the word rudiments, PRINCIPALITIES, THINGS BY which they try to get effect on our lives. Notice he says again in VERSE 18, "AS THOU HAS SENT ME INTO THE WORLD, EVEN SO have I also sent them into the world." 1 Corinthians 2:12, PAUL SAYS, "NOW WE HAVE RECEIVED NOT the spirit of the world." So we're not just looking then that the world order is made up of a bunch of things. So what is your smartphone? A thing. &gt;&gt; What's your car? A thing. &gt;&gt; On and on and on we could go. But things alone don't necessarily captivate people's souls. It's the spirit of the world that will use a thing. Now remember, EVERYTHING THAT COMES OFF THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE OF GOOD AND evil has a capability of being good or evil or both. Amen. &gt;&gt; It could have been DESIGNED FOR A GOOD PURPOSE, BUT BECAUSE IT COMES from the tree of knowledge OF GOOD AND EVIL. YOU TAKE THE SPIRIT OF GOD AND PUT on the fruit OF THAT TREE OF KNOWLEDGE OF GOOD AND EVIL AND GOD can use it for something of glory. Turn it right around. Let the spirit of the world COME UPON THE EXACT same thing. And that thing is only a thing. And it becomes a tool under the influence of the spirit of the world. Boy, I wish somebody would hear me today. &gt;&gt; DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND THIS MICROPHONE, THIS PULLPIT, THIS PIANO, THIS ORGAN, SO MANY THINGS. YOUR TONGUE. &gt;&gt; WOO. NOW, WE'RE GOING TO GET DOWN TO WHERE WE LIVE, AIN'T WE? YOUR TONGUE. YOUR TONGUE CAN BE A THING USED BY THE GLORY OF GOD FOR THE HONOR OF GOD. Or it can become an unruly EVIL SET ON FIRE OF HELL. LORD HAVE MERCY. AIN'T THAT WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS? A HUMAN TONGUE can be ONE OF THE WORST THINGS. MY THAT CAN DESTROY OUR LIFE. IT CAN DESTROY OUR CHURCH. IT CAN DESTROY A FAMILY. WHY? BECAUSE HELL ANOINTS THAT TONGUE AND SETS IT ON FIRE. &gt;&gt; AMEN. NOW WE HAVE RECEIVED NOT THE spirit of the world but the spirit which is OF GOD THAT WE MIGHT know the things. This is it friends that we might know the things THAT ARE FREELY GIVEN TO US OF GOD. SO THERE ARE THINGS THAT GOD GIVES US. THEN IF GOD'S GOING TO give us things, GUESS WHAT SATAN'S GOING TO DO? Impersonate God. And he will have a twin thing that will look SIMILAR TO THE GOD THING THAT GOD GIVES YOU. &gt;&gt; And then you look at IT AND SAY, "WAIT A MINUTE. WAIT A MINUTE. WAIT A MINUTE. IS THIS OF THE LORD? IS THIS OF THE DEVIL? I FEEL LED TO DO THIS. I HEARD A VOICE. I I HAD A DREAM. I SAW A VISION." YOU KNOW, THINGS THINGS. IT'S NOT JUST ALL THE TIME MATERIAL THINGS OF THE WORLD BUT GOD WILL GIVE TO US SPIRITUAL THINGS AND SATAN WILL PRODUCE A TWIN AND IT WILL BE ANOTHER THING THAT CAN LOOK SO I feel led to do this and I feel led to do that. WELL BROTHER THE WORD SAYS I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW BUT I FEEL led &gt;&gt; them words override every scripture in the Bible. &gt;&gt; That's right &gt;&gt; to a lot of people anyway. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord everybody. Okay, this morning, &gt;&gt; brothers, keep you deacons, keep your phone there on hand. We might need to call the emergency squad. Some of us looking pretty puny today. Now, notice in Galatians 1:4, Paul says, "Who gave himself for our sins that he might deliver us from this?" I love this choice of words. Present &gt;&gt; evil world, not future. &gt;&gt; He put a designation of time, brother Daryl. Present evil world. Let the devil do what he's going to do because his days ARE NUMBERED. THE COSMOS IS ORDERED. IT'S THE PRESENT EVIL WORLD, but it's not the future world that we're looking forward to. Amen. that he might deliver us from this present evil world according to the will of God and our father. GALATIANS 4:3 EVEN SO we when we were children were in bondage under the elements under the elements of the world and the elements of the world been used by the spirit of the world. WHAT DID THEY DO? THEY ENGULFED US INTO HABITS AND TO THINGS THAT BECOME addictions in life. AND THOSE ELEMENTS WERE SIMPLY LIFELESS. THINK OF WHAT PEOPLE MAKE GODS OUT OF AND IDOLS. THEY MAKE IDOLS AND GODS OUT OF THINGS THAT DON'T BREATHE. THINGS THAT CANNOT SAY BACK, "I LOVE YOU." THINK OF IT, CHILDREN. WE FILL OUR LIVES WITH ALL KINDS OF THINGS THAT DO NOT LIVE, DO NOT BREATHE, DO NOT MOVE, CANNOT LOVE. OH MY. MAY GOD HELP US THAT WE REALIZE JUST BECAUSE SOMETHING IS NOT SIN OF ITSELF, IT CAN BECOME SIN BECAUSE THE SPIRIT OF THE WORLD TAKES IT AND ENGULFS OUR SOULS with it. Oh, you see, SATAN'S TACTICS MUST BE TOTALLY different with the elect of God &gt;&gt; than with the unconverted. It don't take much TO GET THEM. IT DON'T REALLY TAKE much to get a church member. It don't really take a whole lot to get somebody that really doesn't see the light that God has given us to walk in. But in that category, he must study meticulously and watch. In every age, he's redefined it according to the message of that day, he's done exactly the same thing in our age. Think about it. All these years that the prophet of God has been gone. Now, all the different things that have come and gone, all the different ministries and all the different ideologies and all the psychology and this and that and the other that's been around us and Satan constantly redefining redefining. I've seen it changed several different times, no longer than I've been in the message myself. AND YOU WATCH MOVES AND YOU WATCH THINGS AND HOW THEY RAISE UP. AND WHAT IS IT PEOPLE SAYING? WHAT'S A MOVE OF GOD? IT ALWAYS BREAKS MY HEART WHEN YOU SEE GOOD SINCERE PEOPLE ADJOINING their allegiance to something that they think is God. And yet in time it proves it was exactly wrong. And they wasted years of THEIR LIFE. THEY GAVE THEIR FAITHFULNESS TO SUPPORT THIS MAN. THEY GAVE THEIR HEART TO SUPPORT THIS CERTAIN MAN WHEN IN REALITY WASN'T EVEN WORTHY of them. HE WAS NOT EVEN WORTHY TO OH MY TO EVEN HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO GUIDE children of God. &gt;&gt; Oh help us Lord. Even so we when we were children were in bondage of the under the elements of the world. EPHESIANS 2:2 WHERE IN time past you walked according to the course. NOW WATCH HOW PAUL PICKS UP THE same terminology now. The world. The world. So they're preaching the way Jesus preached. It just overwhelms me that the preachers of this age don't preach against the world. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is our faith been restored back to the original apostolic fathers? &gt;&gt; Then we ought to be preaching against what? The world. &gt;&gt; It's the Bible. WHERE IN TIME PAST YE WALKED ACCORDING TO THE course the course OF THIS WORLD WHICH WAS CHARTED OUT BY OUR NATURAL birth and the spirit of demons on that course of human life. So some one thing would appeal to them to others another thing would appeal TO US AND SATAN HAS SOMETHING FOR everybody and their appetite. You know what I'm talking about? &gt;&gt; Some of you no doubt oh my goodness you're not the Harley-Davidson Titan. Get on the back of a big hog going down the road with your arms up over like this. Your blood pressure 330 over 185 and you're going down through there SITTING THERE BOPPING IT. HALLELUJAH. YOU might as well say hallelujah cuz you're worshiping the devil. &gt;&gt; Others of you would say Lord have mercy. Look at that. OH MY MY MY. You're one of the other kind, aren't you? That sticks your finger out and puffs your little siggy. Yeah. You do it the fancy way and you go to the balls and this and that and the other. I DON'T CARE WHAT YOUR MAKEUP IS. THE DEVIL'S GOT SOMETHING FOR EVERY one of you. Come on, somebody. Let's have church today. And that WAS THE COURSE OF THE WORLD THAT WAS CHARTERED OUT FOR US. HALLELUJAH. BUT THE LORD JESUS COME DOWN WITH THE CRASH COURSE. AND HE BUSTED UP THAT COURSE THAT THE DEVIL HAD CHARTED FOR our life. And the devil LOOKED AT SOME OF US AND SAID, "THERE AIN'T NO WAY OUT. THERE AIN'T NO WAY OUT. THEIR MAMA done it. Their daddy done it. THEIR GRANDPA DONE IT. IT RUNS IN THAT FAMILY. EVERY ONE of them commits adultery. Every one OF THEM SMOKES. EVERY ONE OF THEM DONE THIS AND THAT AND the other. BUT JESUS SAID, "THIS ONE IS MINE, DEVIL. THIS ONE IS MINE." HALLELUJAH. EVEN THOUGH WE MAY HAVE WENT THAT WAY FOR A WHILE, BUT THE SPIRIT OF GOD COME RIGHT DOWN IN THE MIDDLE OF THAT COURSE AND SAID, "COME ON, HONEY. LEAVE THIS PLACE. GET OUT OF THIS WORLD. YOU BELONG TO ME. where in times past you walked according to the course of this world. Now listen what operated us according to the prince of the power of the air. the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience. &gt;&gt; Notice Paul doesn't call them children of drunk, children of dope. The reason they do those is one simple fact, disobedience. &gt;&gt; It's one of two things, obedience or disobedience. Amen. &gt;&gt; The spirit that now workketh in their children of disobedience, which used to work in us. &gt;&gt; So, how many of your parents sat you down when you got to be 2, three years old, four, something like that, and started teaching you how to lie? Now, today, honey, we're doing homeschool online, and mama's going to teach you how to be a good deceitful liar. And then your daddy come in that said, "Now, daddy's going to teach you how to run around on bombing." should have hit him upside the head of the number 10 frying band, WOULDN'T YOU? &gt;&gt; YOU DON'T HAVE TO TEACH THEM. THE COURSE WAS ALREADY CHARTERED FOR US, &gt;&gt; and the spirit of the world just got right on us and we went right into it. Notice in this Ephesians chapter 2:3, Paul says, "Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature children of wrath, &gt;&gt; even as others." But I want you to notice he doesn't say by seed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; By nature, I was the children of wrath just like you were. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But by seed, I was a seed of God before the foundation of the world. ONLY THING GOD'S GOT TO DO IS LET THAT SEED override that nature I was born with and give me a new birth. And that changes my course forever. &gt;&gt; Oh, PRAISE THE LORD. NOW WATCH PAUL AGAIN IN Galatians 6:14 as he talks about the crucifixion of THE WORLD. BUT GOD FORBID that I should glory saving the cross of our Lord JESUS CHRIST BY WHOM THE world is crucified unto me and I unto the world. So there's two crucifixions there. The world is crucified. So how does it do that? The believer will place the rudiments, the elements, the sin, QUESTIONABLE THINGS, AND THEY WILL PLACE THAT ON THE CROSS. AND THERE THE BELIEVER SAYS, "YOU ARE NOT A PART OF ME. THEREFORE, I CRUCIFY YOU." And then the BELIEVER WILL COME RIGHT BACK ON AND SAY, "AND I'LL ALSO CRUCIFY myself to the world." That the world is dead to me and I'm dead to the world. So therefore, there's no connection at all. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. Colossians 2:8, "Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy." Wow. PHILOSOPHY. LOOK AT THE MEANING OF THE word love of wisdom used either of zeal or for skill in any art or science. DO YOU UNDERSTAND? IF WE'RE NOT CAREFUL, THIS MESSAGE WILL BECOME PHILOSOPHICAL. &gt;&gt; It will become message philosophy &gt;&gt; AND PREACHERS WILL BECOME MORE SKILLED and more trained and learn how to move a crowd and how to how to move our youth and how to move this and that and the other. They'll call it the anointing, but a lot of times it ain't nothing but emotion. &gt;&gt; Well preach, brother Donnie. SO IT IT WAS ALREADY relevant in this first church age that there were men going around and using first century message philosophy and THEY WERE USING THIS PHILOSOPHY as Paul said beware lest any man spoil you spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit after the tradition of men after the rudiments of the world. SO THE THINGS OF THE WORLD, the principle, the primary, the arcade, the things which IS FIRST IN ORDER, THE RUDIMENTS OF THE world will be hidden under their philosophy and they would spoil many people. God help us Lord. Add to the rudiments of the world and not after Christ. Again, Colossians chapter 2:20. WHEREFORE IF YOU BE DEAD with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why as though living in the world are you subject to ordinances? AND YOU IMAGINE THAT AS THE NEW CHURCH begin to form now by the time Colossians is written, it's around 60 62 AD. SO THE CHURCH HAS already become established and NOW THE DEVIL IS DOING DIFFERENT TACTICS of trying to bring the world into the church. Initially they look different. They acted different as far as Jews. The Jewish men would have looked pretty much the same. Jewish women at that time wore dresses and all that sort of thing. Anyhow, uh so it wasn't just that part, BUT AS TIME WENT ON, they begin to change and they begin to work on it and SATAN TOOK THE VERY MESSAGE of the hour. You imagine with some of the men that were there, they were preaching that the resurrection had already passed. And these men were former followers of St. PAUL. WHAT WERE THEY USING? No doubt his quotes. &gt;&gt; So they were breaking INTO THE QUOTES AND PUTTING IT TOGETHER and twisting up the minds OF THE PEOPLE SAYING the resurrection has already passed. There is no raising from the dead. AND THEN THEY STARTED PREACHING PURELY THE GRACE OF God which the Bible warns us in the last days would be a return OF THAT SPIRIT. AND THEY WOULD TRY they would change the grace of God into lasciviousness. SO THEY WOULD PREACH GRACE WOULD COVER everything so you can live any way you want to live. Yeah. Sounds like modern day to me. &gt;&gt; Oh my. BUT WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO AS BELIEVERS? MATTHEW CHAPTER 5 verse1 14 JESUS SAYS YE ARE THE LIGHT OF the world a city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. PHILIPPIANS 2:14 DO ALL THINGS WITHOUT MURMURINGS and disputings. Help us Jesus. &gt;&gt; Help us Jesus. Now, for those people who say they have left the message, does that mean they're also leaving all these scriptures that message preachers use? Cuz I'm preaching to you today the message of the hour, which comes from the Bible. &gt;&gt; So, when people are leaving the message, I guess that means they're leaving all these scriptures, too, right? &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I thought that was a good one myself. I I'm just saying now. NOTICE IN VERSE 15 HE SAYS VERSE 14 DO ALL THINGS WITHOUT murmurings and disputations DISPUTINGS RATHER THAT YOU MAY BE BLAMELESS. Wow and harmless. This is one true way to differentiate a person who has the Holy Ghost to one who does not. Anyone filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and every fiber of their being is filled with the spirit of God, they are harmless when it comes to trying to destroy people. &gt;&gt; According to your Bible, &gt;&gt; does that matter to anybody? &gt;&gt; Amen. I thought it would. Look at what harmless means. Unmixed, pure as in wines or metals. was out a mixture of evil, free from guile. Innocent. Innocent. THAT YE MAY BE BLAMELESS, HARMLESS, THE SONS OF GOD without rebuke. Praise God. And the word rebuke means blameless that cannot be censured. So you see then a troublemaker cannot fulfill this scripture. So, kind of makes you wonder down in hell when jobs are being assigned out from the main man down there and them demons are called together for an annual demonic convention and their meeting day must be on Monday. I'm just saying. SO THEY ALL COME IN AND THEY REPORT FOR DUTY AND SATAN SAYING, "ALL RIGHT, I WANT I WANT SOME GOSSIP devils to go up there and attack Word of Life. I want some Facebook devils to go up there. &gt;&gt; I WANT THIS DEVIL, THAT DEVIL, THAT DEVIL." Wouldn't it be absolutely a horrible testimony to have down in hell that demons would call our name specifically and say, "Let me go. Please, please, please let me go. Let me go." I love using him. I love using her. She gets so dramatic. I mean, he gets so much drama. Oh, I whenever they get that that that their phone in their hand or they get their laptop, you know, in their hand or their keyboard, I mean, I move on them and I give them such an anointing and words are pouring out of them and they actually are astounded themselves cuz they're dumb as a doornob. They don't even realize all them words is coming from me. They don't realize all them words and they're throwing them at this person and that person and throwing off on this and that and the other. Come on, church. Wouldn't you hate it if any devil down in hell said, "Let me go, Satan. Let me go." I'll tell you one thing. I want to be the TYPE OF CHRISTIAN THAT WHEN THE DEVIL GOES to a sign of demons up my way that they all cry. I mean, a lot of red eating onions. THEY SAT AROUND in tears coming out of their eyes and no devil. No. Please don't make me go up there. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE ATTACKING THAT DONNY REAGAN. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE ATTACKING DARYL WARD. I DON'T WANT IT JUST TO BE SAID ABOUT THE PREACHERS. DON'T YOU WANT IT SAID ABOUT YOU THAT THEM DEMONS DOWN IN HELL SAY, "OH NO, I DON'T WANT TO GET AROUND HER." SHE REBUKES ME. I'LL TELL YOU ONE THING. I GO TO PUTTING THEM THOUGHTS IN HER MIND. NOBODY LOVES HER. AND SHE'S SHARP WITH THAT WORD. SHE'LL COME RIGHT BACK AND SAY, "DEVIL, YOU'RE A LIAR. THE PASTOR LOVES ME. JESUS LOVES ME. THE CHURCH LOVES ME. GET OUT OF HERE. I FEEL SORRY FOR MYSELF SPIRIT. DEVIL, YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE. BUT WHAT A TERRIBLE THING FOR SATAN TO LOVE PEOPLE SO MUCH THAT ARE CHRISTIANS. And Satan can say, "They are my favorite tools. I'd much rather use them than a prostitute." Yeah. &gt;&gt; How much success you figure a prostitute would have in our church. &gt;&gt; So if some drunk come off the street back there and sit down, the devil said, "I want some drunk to go in there and disrupt service." He might get in a couple of words. Our deacons would nail his high and have him packed out of here before he got the third word out. &gt;&gt; The devil knows better than to use certain things that would never affect us. Amen. &gt;&gt; And yet our message churches are filled with women with long hair and long dresses and men with neck ties and this and that and some of the worst message people I've dealt with in my life. Their sins and their issues are from their heart. Looking at them on the outside, they match the criterion perfectly and rotten to the core. &gt;&gt; God have mercy on us. &gt;&gt; Can I have a few more minutes? &gt;&gt; You're just asking for trouble, ain't you? that you may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke in the midst of a crooked and perverse. Look at the word perverse. Turn away to distort, turn aside, oppose, plot against the saving purposes and plans of God to turn aside from the right paths to pervert or corrupt, that you be without rebuke in a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world. Godliness and any of us still wants it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now notice Paul in Titus 2:12 says, teaching us that denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, godly in this present world. SO THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT SATAN SAYS. AND REMEMBER, ALL OF THAT IS NOT unprofessed Christianity. Some of the worst ones are Christians. Again, second Peter chapter 1:4, "Whereby given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust." Second Peter 2:20. For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the WORLD THROUGH THE KNOWLEDGE OF THE LORD AND SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST, THEY ARE AGAIN ENTANGLED therein and overcome. The latter end is worse with them than the beginning. Look at the word pollutions. things that infect, pollute and defile. It is you still today of the contagion of dangerous diseases and of decaying bodies, stagnated water, putrid matter. The world is here pictured as putrid and full of contagion of sin and uncleanness. NOW YOUR PETER IS ADDRESSING BECAUSE by now there's already been people WHO HAD ACCEPTED THE GOSPEL MESSAGE AND AFTER they ran it for a while they decided I don't want this anymore. Now watch how Peter frames what will happen to those if they have escaped THE POLLUTIONS OF THE WORLD. THINK WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM. BROTHER D. THEY MUST HAVE HAD A GREAT TESTIMONY. I GOT OUT. I ESCAPED LUST. I ESCAPED THIS. I ESCAPED THAT. GOD SET ME FREE. I GOT OUT. PRAISE GOD. I GOT OUT. AND THE CHURCH REJOICE WITH THEM. PRAISE GOD. ANOTHER ONE HAS BEEN SET FREE. But he says, "If they are again entangled therein and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning." I want you to listen to this next verse. It had been better for them &gt;&gt; not to have known the way of righteousness &gt;&gt; than after they have known it to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. Do you mean that it WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER FOR THEM to have stayed a sinner? THEY'VE BEEN BETTER OFF TO REMAIN A drunk instead of coming to a PORTION OF TRUTH AND BE DELIVERED FROM ALCOHOL AND DELIVERED FROM SMOKING OR WHATEVER VICES AND WHATEVER MORE THAT THEY DID. AND THEN AFTER THEY DO THAT, THEY TURN AND GO BACK. THEY WOULD HAVE been better off to been left there. DON'T YOU SEE WHAT EXPOSURE TO LIGHT DOES TO US? Now hopefully you understand, those of you that study your scripture know that by the word better that Peter uses to describe it, he's actually using a word that would differentiate between two levels of evil. So it would have been a lesser evil to remain a SINNER AND STOOD BEFORE God as a sinner &gt;&gt; than it would have been a person that knew the truth, said in the truth, glory to God. Thank you, Lord, for this truth. And then after they left it, they turn and walk away and go to blasting that truth. It would have been better for them had they never even heard it. &gt;&gt; Dear God, better to have never known than once THEY HAVE KNOWN IT TO TURN AND WALK BACK THEN THEY BECOME ENGULFED AGAIN BY THE sins that they were in. and actually worse. Notice Jesus catches this same thought in John 9:40. And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and they said unto him, "ARE WE BLIND ALSO?" Jesus said UNTO THEM, "IF YE WERE BLIND, you should have no sin." Which proves that some of those men that were there that day saw and knew &gt;&gt; who he was. Amen. &gt;&gt; Had they been blind, the mercy of God would have understood that. But they knew who it was, &gt;&gt; and they simply denied it. But now you say we see, therefore, your sin remainth. St. John 19:10. THEN SAYEST PILATE unto him, Speakst thou not unto me? Knowest thou not, I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee? Jesus answered, "Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above. THEREFORE, HE that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin." I know people say it. I've heard it my WHOLE LIFE. ALL SINS ON THE SAME LEVEL. YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR BIBLE. &gt;&gt; Come on. ACCORDING TO THE MASTER who will judge sin, there are some sins greater than others. &gt;&gt; NOW YOU IMAGINE EVEN THOUGH THE JEWS at that time was not the ones who nailed him to the cross, but they were the ones that delivered him and Judas the one who DELIVERED HIM AND PONTIUS PILATE WAS THE ONE THAT SIGNED THE DOCUMENT THAT sent him to the cross. But Jesus said, "Those that delivered me unto you have committed the greater sin." Oh, help us, Lord. MATTHEW 10:14, "AND WHOSOEVER SHALL NOT RECEIVE you or hear your words when you depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust off of your feet. Verily I say unto you, it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of judgment than for that city. So you imagine God sends a servant of God to a city to preach the word. And the people turn him down and refuse him. And at the day of judgment, perverts out of Sodom, it'll be more tolerable for them than it will be for some of those church members. &gt;&gt; THESE ARE THE WORDS OF JESUS, FRIENDS. &gt;&gt; MATTHEW 11:21, "WOE UNTO THEE, CURASAN. WOE UNTO THEE, BASADIA. For if the mighty works which were done in you have done in Ty and Siden, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes. But I say UNTO YOU, IT SHALL be more tolerable for Ty and Siden at the day of judgment than for you. And you look and read the story of the four gospels and Jesus didn't hardly do any miracles in these cities compared to Capernaum and Jerusalem. DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND? THOSE WHO ARE TURNING AGAINST THIS WORD, THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND AND SEEN AND HEARD &gt;&gt; MORE miracles that's WRITTEN IN THE ENTIRE BOOK OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. JESUS DID NOT SAY THE WORDS YOU HEARD. HE DID NOT SAY THE DOCTRINES THAT YOU HEARD ME PREACH, BUT the works that you saw me do. I know it staggers people and blows them away, but I'm going to say it anyhow. The prophet of God said, "I've seen him do more in my ministry than he done in his own on the earth." &gt;&gt; And if you read the Bible and listen to the message much, you know that's exact the truth. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. Brother Bam didn't do that. IT WAS JESUS. PEOPLE DON'T KNOW WHO THEY'RE TURNING DOWN. IT'S THE LORD. YOU IMAGINE LITTLE GOSPEL PREACHERS GOING OUT SOMEWHERE. HOW MANY CITIES HAS BROTHER BENTON WENT TO? HOW MANY MILES HAS HE FLOWN AND TRAVELED AND WALK and canoe AND THIS AND THAT AND THE OTHER? AND PEOPLE GO BY HEAR HIM SING. HE PLAYS A LITTLE GUITAR AND PREACH AND LAUGH AND MAKE FUN AND THEY ALL STAND BEFORE GOD THAT DAY NOT KNOWING ALMIGHTY GOD SENT A MAN WITH A MESSAGE OF DELIVERANCE. AND THEY THOUGHT, "OH, IT'S JUST A SOME PREACHER FROM AMERICA." NO, IT'S MORE THAN A PREACHER FROM AMERICA. IT'S A MAN SENT FROM THE PRESENCE OF GOD WITH THE ANOINTING OF THE HOLY GHOST. YOU'RE NOT TURNING DOWN ME, FRIENDS. YOU'RE NOT TURNING DOWN WILLIAM BRANDOM. IT'S NOT THAT THEY TURNED DOWN PAUL. YOU'RE TURNING DOWN JESUS CHRIST. YOU'RE TURNING DOWN HIS WORD. DON'T TURN HIM DOWN. OH, GOD. And thou, Capernium, which art exalted into heaven, shall be brought down to hell. For the mighty works, not words, NOT DOCTRINE, NOT THEOLOGY, works which had been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day. You imagine the discernment, the healing, the miracles. Had that been done in Sodom, it would have changed a bunch of perverts. AND JESUS WOULD COMPARE CAPERNIUM. CAROL AND I STOOD THERE SEVERAL YEARS AGO AND YOU'VE GOT TO DIG DOWN 20OME FEET TO FIND THE FOUNDATION OF THAT TEMPLE THAT JESUS OR THAT SYNAGOGUE THAT JESUS STOOD IN AND SAID THESE WORDS. ONE CONQUEROR TO ANOTHER ANNIHILATED THEM. Oh God, could you see children what awaits our nation &gt;&gt; and our world? Let's not be identified in the judgment that's going to come on our nation &gt;&gt; cuz she has rejected Jesus Christ. And here's the message. &gt;&gt; For if the mighty works which had been done in thee had been done in Sodom, it would have remained to this day. But I say unto you that it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment than for thee. And Paul says it this way. Hebrews 6:4, "For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost." You see, these people that are now being warned have enjoyed high spiritual privileges. First, THEY WERE ENLIGHTENED. SO they were illuminated to certain truths of God. They'd come into a light of the day, no doubt, regarding the gospel. Secondly, they had enjoyment. THEY tasted it. &gt;&gt; THEY ACTUALLY TASTED, "OH, THAT IS SO GOOD. THAT IS SO WONDERFUL. THAT IS SO AWESOME." THEY THEY DIDN'T JUST I TASTE OFF. I HATE THAT STUFF. NO, THEY ENJOYED IT. THEY, OH, THIS IS SO GOOD. THIS IS SO GOOD. OH MY. FIVE YEARS LATER, 10 YEARS LATER, 15, OH YEAH, THIS IS SO WONDERFUL. AND THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN, something happens to THEM AND THEY SAY, I HATE THAT WORD. I HATE THAT MESSAGE. I HATE I HATE WHAT HAPPENED. They lost their enjoyment of the taste. If you're sitting here today and you're feeling that pull on your heart against the word of God, you better listen carefully to the gospel. Don't make me stand before you at the day of judgment and condemn you. &gt;&gt; Don't make me and the rest of these preachers have to stand there. AND GOD SAID, "WHO TOLD THEM THE TRUTH?" &gt;&gt; And I'll have to STAND THERE. BROTHER DARYL HAVE TO STAND THERE. THE OTHER BROTHERS IN OUR CHURCH, YOUTH LEADERS, SO ON AND SO ON. LORD GOD, we did. We stood there. WE TOLD THEM. WE TOLD THEM. AND GOD SHOWS IT ON THE SCREEN. YEP. There it was. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh God, children. &gt;&gt; You see, they also they also enjoyed the heavenly gift. &gt;&gt; They ptook of the heavenly gift and they taste it and said, "Oh, this is so good. It's changed my life. It's made me so different. Oh, this is so good." And they were just eating and eating and oh my, this is so awesome. And they even was allowed to partake of the powers of the world that is to come. &gt;&gt; Don't you understand what your portion of the Holy Ghost is? It will be yours in eternity. And when people are TAKING OF THE HOLY GHOST, THEY'RE TASTING AND they're enjoying a little taste of the world that's fixing to come. Paul says in verse 5, "And have tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come, IF THEY SHALL FALL AWAY TO RENEW THEM again unto repentance, seeing they crucify themselves the Son of God, Aresh, and put him to an open shame." the height of ungodliness. It's not a drunk. It's not the prostitute that knows she's going to hell. It's religious people that once again are crucifying the Lord Jesus. And he is the word. Oh, most of Christianity today, no, they wouldn't never. Oh, I'd never do that. I'd never do that. Tell me what you do with his word and I'll tell you whether you're doing it or not. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He is the word. You believe Hebrews 13:8? &gt;&gt; He's the same yesterday and forever. &gt;&gt; So, does that mean a corporal body here on the earth? &gt;&gt; You see Hebrews 13:8, a corporal body on the earth? No. Not his own body. He's the same yesterday and forever. How is he? His presence and his word and his word made flesh in his feminist counterpart. So Jesus says, "When they receive you, they receive me. And when they reject you, I don't mind telling you, friend, there's cities I've left before. And when I flew out, as I board the plane, I'd shake the dust off my feet. THERE'S CHURCHES I'VE WALKED OUT OF. AND BEFORE I get in my vehicle, I'll shake the dust off my feet. Not because they REJECTED ME. NOT BECAUSE THEY REJECT BROTHER JACKIE OR BROTHER D. because they reject him &gt;&gt; his word. When God will speak to them, oh Lord, Hebrews 10:26, for if we sin willfully after that we've received the knowledge of the truth, there remainth no more sacrifice for sins. But brother Donnie, I I backslid and I I I got away from the Lord. Does that mean I can't come back? You want to? You want to come back? &gt;&gt; Well, if you do, you can come back. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; YOU SEE, THOSE WHO REACH THIS SPOT will never. They have such disdain and such hatred. I feel so sorry for them &gt;&gt; cuz they think they're free. But if we would have spiritual glasses to look at the chains that's around their souls. I've seen demons a few times and I don't mind telling you I don't like seeing them. I don't want nothing to do with them. I sure don't want them motivating me. &gt;&gt; I sure don't want them making me hateful and contrary. That's why some of these folks who've left the message, friends, their behavior, their personality, their mannerisms has changed. &gt;&gt; They've taken on a demon. You imagine how alarmed the wife of Capus must have been, the wife of the religious leaders of the day and their children because before Jesus came on the earth, they were some of the nicest people you'd ever want to be around. But after they denied the Lord Jesus, them demons, come on, them them guys, brother Daryl, it must have been awful trying to live with them people. Why they turn down the word? Let's bow our dear God. Lord, in one way, we're living in an awful time. The darkness is moving in so rapidly. Lord, we're rubbing shoulders with repbates who have believed a lie and will be damned by it. We're rubbing shoulders with souls that are in prison now. And as the angels who left their first estate, those angels are reserved in everlasting chains of darkness. And we've been looking at it on Wednesday nights how that those demons look for rest and they can't find it. I've sat and thought about it over the years. What a nost they had in the paradise of God. Perfect peace, joy, happiness. And yet they left their first estate and decided to join ranks with Lucifer, the great archangel. No doubt it didn't take a month or six weeks. But when they made up their mind that instant their natures changed, something happened within them. And they started looking through the same spirit eyes, whatever it is they see with. And before all they saw was beauty and holiness and righteousness and purity, all things lovely, all things divine. And now they looked and everything seemed contrarian and hateful and they had hate and despised one another. And the prophet has told us them demons can't even get along with one another. So they come from a perfect harmony and a perfect union in heaven. And once they left that for thousands of years, how many ever years this has been going on since they fell because the prophet told us they fell before the foundation of the world. So maybe hundreds of thousands of years the way we'd measure time. They've been arguing, fussing, fighting, debating. Not one minute of peace down in hell. So they hate one another and they hate their master and they hate God and they hate us. And the prophet said even about the devil that he can't love. And being one of your created beings in the beginning, no doubt he was created to love. And he w must have walked in a sphere of love that would have been phenomenal in the way that we would look at it as mortals. He didn't have to struggle. He didn't have to fight to love the way we do, but he was just created in it. And then when sin began in his heart when he said I will all of a sudden he experienced hate variant strife. So he looks at his own subjects today and hates every one of them. Those that he's already took to the regions of the lost. He despises them all. Millions are already in his domain. Oh, we know Lord, he's not just trying to torment a person here 18 years or 60 years or 70 or 80, but he wants to take them into the abyss in the regions of the lost where there they scream, they cry, they fall into that regions. when the prophet was allowed to go into that place before his conversion and he was falling falling falling in that darkness. Scream for daddy but no daddy there. Scream for mama but no mama there. Scream for God but there was no God there. And he said, "A burning fire would have been a pleasure," which is more than our minds can comprehend. Most of us that have been burned by fire before know how painful that is. And yet what he experienced was so much worse. Oh Jesus, hide me, Lord. Hide me. Hide these people. Father, we can't do this on our own. This battle is greater than us. These demons that I fight, these demons that these people fight are professional warriors, as we would say. They're the same ones that fought against Noah in his day. They're the same ones that fought against Abraham in his day, the children of Israel. on down on down. In comparison to ability and years of experience, they would definitely be more equipped than we are. And you knew that. But you had your inspired author to write, "Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world." So with you and us, we are more than a match for every devil out of hell. &gt;&gt; So Father, we don't walk out of here today terrified and scared, but we march out of here as an army of God, called by the most high, given everything we need to meet the challenge of this hour. And we will not come out of here and barely hang on and receive a t-shirt. As I've said it for years and years that I overcome Leodysia, we're not going to barely make it. We're more than conquerors. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Father, may you minister to every heart here today, Lord. I pray, dear God, if there's some that's kind of weighed in the balance and they're found wanting today, some that's entertaining the thoughts of walking away or turning, maybe not even present in the visible audience, but maybe someone will stream it. I don't know for sure, Lord, but I know you know. I've followed you long enough to know to follow the leading of your spirit. So, I just commit it to you, Lord. I pray for those that are yours already and sealed by the Holy Ghost and yet maybe they're weary in the journey. And we know that's Satan's tactic according to the prophecy of Daniel in the last day that he would try to wear out the saints. Not get their soul, but wear them out. Wear them out with sickness. Wear them out with stress. Wear them out with living in Leodosa. We need your strength, Lord Jesus. Help us today, Father. I pray. Can we stand our feet, children? God bless you. Hallelujah. How many wants to be more in love with Jesus than ever before? I know a sermon like this can bring an element of fear. And I'm not saying that all godly fear of course is what we need an element of that. But we can't serve him out of fear. We have to serve him out of love. But remember much greater than us have been this way and have turned back. Let us not look at ourselves and say we will never do this. Our church will never do that. Our pastor stand strong. No. Let's not look that way. Let's not look at this. Let's look up this way. &gt;&gt; This is the only way right up here that we'll remain strong. It's greater than us. It's greater than me. It's greater than the minister brothers that we have here. It's greater than you sheep. Oh, some of the finest folks I've ever preached to around the world are right here. Some, not all, some. But it's greater than you. It's bigger than your flesh. It's bigger than your determination, bigger than your desire. But one thing we know for sure, it's not greater than our Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Would you do me a favor and lay your hand on that person standing in our balance? Maybe it's your husband, your wife, your friend, a brother, sister, whatever it is, a companion in this warfare. We want to pray for one another. And we're going to offer prayer also for those that stream around the service. I know you you realize it, but there's people around the world that stream a service. Some in France watching, some in Norway, some some already watched in Canada, just different ones around the world. Some will do it tomorrow, some later tonight. Let's pray for them as well. The bride of Christ needs strength, friends, like never before. Heavenly Father, as we bow our heads in humility to the dust of the earth, thanking you for your grace to us, Lord Jesus, we're asking you, Lord, that you'd help us. Father God, I pray you'd help me today, Lord. I don't understand why it is, Lord, but there's I've noticed a pattern that it seems to be with some that I've seen in Pentecost and even some in the message that when preachers get older, maybe it's they they tend to think they have a kingdom and they get strong or I don't know exactly, but they tend to think that they can interpret the word and if they don't like this that brother said, they leave that out and explain this away and take this and don't go that way and Lord, Please help me. &gt;&gt; Please Jesus, help me that I'll ever be true. Father, I pray for the other ministers here at our church. Lord, that you'd give each one of us strength, burden, desire to stay true to your word, Lord Jesus. I pray for the sheep here today, some of those that are visiting with us. Lord, you know their needs as well. And Lord, their church home where they go. And we're praying for them. We're praying for those, Father, that aren't really sheep of this fold, but yet they do stream from time to time and they get a little help along the way. We pray for them as well today, Lord Jesus. We pray for the ministry, the chosen ministry of God around the world that you'd strengthen them. &gt;&gt; Oh God, may may the preachers preach this word like never before. I was thinking about it this week studying preparing for this Lord and I thought about different men that I've known and down through the years and yet some of those preachers that stood and preached for this message for years and traveled in different parts of the world and now denying it turning away from it. I thought so in light of what Peter said, they'd have been better off to stay a Baptist. They'd have been better off to stay a Pentecostal or a Methodist or whatever they were. They may not understand the theology, but if they'll hear these discernments and see the miracles of God, it was that that you condemned Capernium. You didn't say they understood your doctrine, but they saw things done that had never been done before. Lord God, help us, Father. Oh, keep the coldness of the hour away from our hearts, Lord Jesus. How it warmed my heart last night to see your children, worshiping you, Father, after the word and the communion and the foot washing and the saints of God singing and worshiping and praising you, Lord. or just standing around in the presence of the king. Keep us, Lord Jesus. Keep me true, Lord. Keep our church true. Father, our deacon brothers, our trustees, Lord, our youth leaders, oh lamb of God, every man, woman, boy, and girl, keep us, Lord Jesus, that it won't be said about us that we WERE ENLIGHTENED. WE TASTED OF the good word of God. We were made partakers of the world that is to come, the powers that will usher in that world, and we turned and walked away. No matter what I have to go through, no matter what I have to face, keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true, Lord. We have our hands laid upon one another in the name of Jesus. Strengthen our brothers. Strengthen our sisters. Strengthen our youth. strengthen the saints of God, Father. Not only our assembly, but those around the world. We need you, Lord Jesus. We need you, Father. Oh, thank you for the word today, Lord. You know my heart. You know, I I don't enjoy preaching stuff like this, but God, I've got to obey your spirit. If it would pull one person away from veering off, Lord God, it'll be worth it. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus, we worship you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord Jesus. Don't you love him today, saints? &gt;&gt; Don't you just want to be closer and closer to him? Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I ever done. I don't know about you. &gt;&gt; And falling out of love with Jesus is the worst thing we can ever do. &gt;&gt; Don't you just want to fall in love with him more and more? Can you sing it for us, Harry? Not just his doctrines. I love his doctrines. I love studying the theology side of the word and and the doctrines. But oh, I tell you, I love his person. I just love the person. It ain't a doctrine coming for me in a rapture. It's a person I want to see. &gt;&gt; Can we just worship him a little bit before we go? And it been good to be in the house of God. &gt;&gt; Let's just sing it together and just worship the Lord Jesus. Oh my &gt;&gt; love. &gt;&gt; Listen to the words now. with Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Falling falling in love with Jesus. &gt;&gt; With my Jesus. &gt;&gt; Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. Everybody now. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. All of this. Oh, in his arms. I feel protected in his arms. Never disconnected in his arms. I feel protected. Oh, place I'd rather be. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms, never disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. The best thing I've ever done. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with you, Jesus. Falling in love with your Jesus. It's the best ever done. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I ever done. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of this earth will grow strange. The dim in the light of his glory and grace. Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And let the things of this world grow strange. Lead him in the light of his glory and grace. Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. fall in his wonderful face. And the things of this world will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Oh church, won't you turn your eyes? Let's turn our eyes toward. Don't look up this way. Don't look that way. Don't look that way. Look up this way. his wonderful things. Oh, and the things of this earth will grow strangely dim and the light of his glory. Once again, we've got a sister that's going to be baptized this morning. She'll come prepare for them. Oh, turn your eyes upon the Lord Jesus. Oh, look in his wonderful face. And the things of this world will grow strange in the land of his glory and grace. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know, Brother Donnie was saying the other day that preachers in this day now are getting messages off of AI. But I'm so glad the message we heard this morning came from the I the I am almighty God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. preparing us as we go into a new year of these things that we're hearing to put them into our lives to draw closer to him with a greater love affair, a greater anointing and a greater walk and a greater manifestation to be more like him. It's it's a sign of maturity. Maturity growing in God into a stature of a perfect man. I don't care what the world thinks about me. I really don't. &gt;&gt; But when I stand there that day, I I I just want to hear him say, "Well done." &gt;&gt; Well done. To please him. To please him. What a wonderful message we heard. Amen. Let's just sing it again as we wait for the baptism this morning. Sing it again. Oh, turn turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of this earth will grow strangeely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for his wonderful face. And the things of this earth will grow strange leading in the light of his glory and grace. Turn your eyes up to Jesus. Hallelujah. Receive it right there. Come and stand right there. Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord Jesus. Bless you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Dear God, as we stand here today, Lord, with this awesome, awesome privilege to be able to baptize our sister, Lord, you see, she felt on her heart that she needed to be rebaptized. Baptized years ago, but you've been dealing with her, Lord. She just wanted to obey that that tug, that pull. I pray, Father, that you'll just be with her and help her. You see the things of life and the journey, oh Lord, that she's dealt with along the way. I pray, God, that you would be with her. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, she drives down once a month or so to be in church with us. And we just pray that you'd help her and keep her by your grace, Father. &gt;&gt; Dear God, I can baptize many of one in water, but you're the only one, oh Father, that can not only baptize with the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; but baptize every fiber of our being. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Lord, I I figure every real sincere son or daughter of God today would say they need that refilling of the Holy Ghost. Lord, granted, I pray to all of us. Dear Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, we ask my sister, in obedience to the word of God, I baptize you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Just something about a baptism, it makes you want to get baptized yourself again. It's just such a good feeling. You remember that day when you got baptized and it just it's just such a wonderful feeling. Have you enjoyed the word of God today? Amen. I appreciate a man that won't tickle our ears, but will tell us the truth, make us search our hearts. That's what church is all about. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're so we're such a blessed people today for what he's done for us in our lives. And I pray in this this coming year, we got one more service left in this year and looking now into 26 and already as we meeting scheduled up into July and August of next year. And but my desire for me and my family and your family is that that the presence of God would be greater in our lives and in our homes and in our churches in the coming year. that we would so illuminate our souls with his presence that the world would see his light in their darkness. &gt;&gt; Amen. There just something about being in the presence of the Lord. Sing it, brother. Let's just sing this just before we go. May the Lord bless you this week and keep you, we pray. And we won't be seeing you. We're leaving for meetings, but happy new year. May the Lord bless you in the coming year. Amen. Let's just let's just sing this before we go. I know what it's like to be in the presence of the Lord. I know what it's like. &gt;&gt; I know what it's like to be in the presence of the Lord. And I know what time it is because time stood still. Bodies were healed. Families restored. Because we stayed here in the presence of the Lord. No one had to say a word. couldn't even make a sound. I'd give up everything. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; For this treasure, &gt;&gt; I found. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Never wanted to end. So I say stay. I don't want you to go. Oh, cuz my heart is burning in your presence. Lord, please stay. Please stay. I don't want you to go cuz my heart is burning. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; In your presence. &gt;&gt; We love you, Lord Jesus. Lord, &gt;&gt; we love you for Jesus. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Cuz I want more. Jesus. I want more. Oh Jesus, I want more. I want more. I want more. I want more. I need you more. Oh Jesus, I want more. So I say stay. We don't want you to go. My heart is burning in your presence. Lord, please stay. I don't want you to go. Oh, my heart is burning in your presence, Lord. And I want more. I want more. I want more. Oh Jesus, I want more. I want more. Oh, I want more. Jesus. I want Stay. I don't want you to go. Yes, Lord Jesus. My heart is burning. My heart is burning. for your presence, Lord. Amen. Please stay. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we are so grateful that we've been given the privilege to gather here in your name. once again. And Lord, to me, what we just sung is is more than a song, Lord. It's the desire of my heart. And Lord, I pray as we part our ways today, Lord, and different plans that ones would have may we take a moment, Lord, to to meditate upon the things that we have heard and maybe slip aside somewhere and make that commitment, Lord, that we want to give everything we have to you, Lord. Lord, we don't want to be like the world, act like the world, look like the world. We want to be like you, Lord. As your prophet said, Lord, he read a book about the long ranger and he took a broomstick and run around the yard, tried to be a cowboy, read a book about Tarzan, and cut up a rug and slept in a tree. So, one day he read a book about a man named Jesus. his desire ever since is to be like that. Granted today, Lord, we pray. We ask your blessings upon each family here, Lord. And those unable to be here today, we ask your blessings upon them and strengthen them, Lord, and touch their bodies and those who are having surgery this week, God. We pray that you would be with them, Lord, and bring them safely through. Watch over us, Lord, on the highways and the byways and bring us safely back again together, Lord. We pray. Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us, for all that you've given us. Thank you, Lord, for the privilege and the honor to serve you. We love you, Lord. We commit ourselves in this congregation into your hands for your glory. Touch Brother Donnie today, Lord. Renew his strength. Thank you, Father God, for using him, Lord. We just love you today, Lord. And commit these things into your hands. Go with your people now. We pray for we ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you saints. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. May God be with you. Be our prayer. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found a rest. I give you thanks. We give you thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. I am so blessed. My soul has found a rest. I give you thanks. I give you thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. I am so blessed. My soul has found it. I give you thanks. We give you thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
