################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - Godliness Pt.4 - 09282025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-28
Title:   Godliness Pt.4 - 09/28/2025
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YQpj_STyLM
========================================

[Music] Thank you. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] The rock of my salvation. Go to the stone the builders rejected. Run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. [Music] Earth all around me is sinking sand. But on Christ, the solid rock I stand. I need a shelter. Amen. When I need a friend. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's stand to our feet and sing about it. &gt;&gt; Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone the builders rejected. Run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking on Christ. The solid rock I stand. I need a shelter. When I need a friend, I go to the wrong. Where do I go when there's no one else to turn to? Who do I talk to? When nobody wants to listen, who do I lean on? &gt;&gt; Who can we lean on? &gt;&gt; When there's no foundation stable, I go to the rock. I know he's able. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing about it, church. Oh, I go to the rock come my salvation. Go to the stone the builder rejected. Run to the mountain and the mountain still stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand on the rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need &gt;&gt; Oh, you got to sing that one more time. &gt;&gt; Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone the builder rejected. Run to the mountain and the mountain stands by. The earth all around me is sinking sand. All right, the solid rock. I need a shelter. When I need a friend, I might go to the rock. Hallelujah. Give him a good hand clap of praise if you love him. [Music] Amen. Ain't it good to be in the house of the Lord on Sunday morning? &gt;&gt; Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him. Now, mean it from your heart. Tell them you're really glad to see him. What a privilege it is to be in the house of God. So glad to have you with us this morning. If we have any visitors, we we want to say we welcome you to the service. Glad to have you. Trust you'll just receive a a blessing from being here. We're going to be hearing a song from one of our visitors here just in a little bit. Brother Matt Garrett, I believe you'll bless your heart. And all of our streamers are locally and around the world. We want to say God bless those folks as well. Let's give our visitors and our streamers a real good hand this morning. Praise the Lord. Well, we had a good time here Wednesday night, didn't we? You appreciate the word of the Lord. It gets better all the time, doesn't it? Amen. We say that, but I I mean that. &gt;&gt; It really does. I want to look at our prayer request this morning. Brother Brad Gilbert in severe pain. Uh lower back all the way down in his legs. Just can't get any relief whatsoever. and he's really asking that we would remember him in prayer, that God will be mindful of him. Uh, Brother Rocky uh called me yesterday, wanted me to turn in a prayer request for Sister Teresa uh going to Knoxville on Tuesday for uh different tests and they're just checking some things out on on her behalf. So, we want to remember her as we pray that the Lord would be mindful. Brother Greg Robbins says he wants to thank the Lord and the prayers of his saints. He had his surgery and is not having any pain at all and he wants to thank the Lord for that. So, praise God. Chase Hughes says, "Prayers for my niece Gabby. Been having seizures." They're asking that we would remember her as we pray. Want to pray for Adam Wampler having a lot of health problems. Brother Dan Hughes sends that in. We just commit that to the Lord. And this is a testimony of healing from Sister Caitlyn Gagnan. Uh as she's going through her uh pregnancy, had a lot of just a lot of complications, a lot of things going on. But she she was prayed for on Wednesday night. But Friday when she went back to the doctor, she had zero symptoms. She wants to thank you for your prayers and ask you to continue to pray for a safe delivery. Amen. Praise the Lord. God's good, isn't he? We thank the Lord for that. Praise the Lord. This Ruth Louise Jackson is requesting prayer for healing, asking for prayer for a group of young ladies in her area. So, let's remember that. Tiffany Mark said, "I would appreciate your prayers in regards to my job situation. The Lord knows all about it and may his will be done." And we have another prayer request for brother Brad Gilbert. Can you please continue to keep me in prayer? Aphib has been going on for over a week. May the Lord bless you. Brother Randy Scott sends that in. Then, Brother Glenn Tamlinson be going to have some tests run, biopsies, and different things on the tumor that he's currently uh being treated for. He just asking that we would continue to remember him in prayer that the Lord would just be mindful. Just asking he he says that thank you for your prayers. They are appreciated very very much. So, we certainly want to remember brother Glenn in prayer as we pray. A man by the name of Tyler, 28-year-old, has a tumor uh on his right ear, just been married for four months. They're asking that we would remember that prayer request. Sister Barbara Grabley's relative that was involved in a motorcycle accident, got to come home, still having some issues with his hearing, but the doctors are calling it a miracle. So, we want to thank the Lord for that. And we have an urgent prayer request for Robbie Garland. That's sister Sandy Bagget's brother. This really, really needs a touch from the Lord. You know, you get to a place in your life that uh you can do all you can do, but ultimately it's in God's hands. And we want to just put Robbie in God's hands. God's able to fix everything that's wrong. Do you believe that this morning? You have an unspoken prayer request, something you'd like for this group to pray about. Let's sing a little bit more of that song. Give me another verse of that, Brother Harry. We go to the rock. Aren't you glad we've got a source to go to? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him another good hand clap of praise this morning. Where do I hide? Till the storms are all passed over. to when the winds of sorrow threaten. Is there a refuge? Hallelujah. In this time of tribulation, when my soul needs consolation, brother John. Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone the builder rejected. Run to the mountain where the mountain the earth all around me is sinking sand. Christ the solid rock I stand shelter. When I need a friend I go to the rock. Amen. Aren't you glad you got somewhere to go to? Amen. It's not hard to find. It's just a whisper of a name. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we certainly do appreciate you, Lord. Father, it's so good to know that we have a place that we can go to, Father. That we know your name and you're right there, Lord, and you care about us, Lord. heard so many testimonies this morning, Father, of of how you've come on the scene, Lord. And we know that anything good in our life, Lord, whether we perceive it as good or not, is it comes from you, Lord, because we're in your hands. We we so thank you and we love you for it, Lord. There's no one like you. There's no way, Lord Jesus, that I would ever want to walk away from you, Lord. And I know that's the desire of the people, Father. We're so thankful for for you, Lord, and we love you. We thank you for the testimonies, Lord. And not only the testimonies we heard, Lord, but the ones that we will hear, Father. We believe, Lord Jesus, that you have a mighty hand. And you're really concerned about every one of us, Lord. And Father, not only for healing of our bodies, but also spiritual healing, Lord, and healing of the mind, Lord Jesus, and financial healing. Whatever the people have need of, Lord, you're mindful of it, Lord. We lift it up and we we give you all the praise and the honor and the glory, Lord. And Lord Jesus, we're here to hear to to be healed, Lord, maybe more spiritually, Father, and and we want to hear from you today, Lord. And we're we're counting and fully believing, Lord Jesus, that that you hid in a gift, Lord Jesus. And that gift is the Holy Spirit, Lord. And I pray that you would just speak to us, each and every one, Lord. We love you. We thank you for it. Be with each and every part of this service. We give you all the praise and the glory in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother John. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we'll receive the morning tithe and offering. You give us unto the Lord once again if you're visiting. God bless you. We're so glad to have you. Let's sing a song this morning. We like I like to I like to help brother Harry and I know you do too sing this song. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Going to be quite an event, isn't it? Amen. Let's sing about it. I have stood before the gospel when it seemed I stood alone through the heartache and frustration. Kept my focus on the throne. So many times I have recalled the Savior's word so true. If you won't be ashamed of me, I won't be you. So I'll proudly stand until I see [Applause] the face of the one who gave everything for me. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me, every battle that I fought will fade from memory. I'll bow before his mighty throne and fall down on my knees. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. [Applause] Hallelujah. The road has not been easy. That's right. At times I've lost my way. So often I stumble searching for the light of the day. circumstances all around me. Thank you, Lord. I thought I'd surely fall with the whispering of doubt and fear. I tried to lose it all, but he caring grace. Someday soon I'll have the chance to thank him face to face with a reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Every battle that I fought will paid from memory. I'll bow before his mighty throne. Yes, we will fall down on my knees when the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. We will join the millions. every kindred tongue and race and every child of God will look upon his face when the heroes and the martyrs who died on the pagan sword. We'll all stand together and declare Jesus is Lord. Thank you, Lord. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me, every battle that I fought will fade from memory. I want to bow before his mighty throne. Thank you, Lord. Fall down on my knees with the reason that I'm standing, [Applause] stands in front of me. I'll bow before his mighty throne and fall down on my knees with a reason that I'm standing. Stands in front of me. and he stands in front of me. Hallelujah. Let's do a little bit of Let's do just a little bit of this old song this morning if you will. Meet it in the air. How many of you looking forward to that meeting? Praise the Lord. Singers, if you want to come on to the platform at this time, we'll have our couple of specials this morning. But let's sing a little bit of this song this morning. Meet it in the air. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I'm going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such sing you will hear never heard by mortal ear to be glorious. Lord I do declare God's own son will be the leading one at the meeting in the air. You have heard of little Moses in the bor rush. You have heard a fearless David and his sling. You've heard the story told of dreaming Joseph and of John and the well we often see. There are many many others in the Bible. Amen. &gt;&gt; I would like to meet them all. Hallelujah. My surely let us meet them at &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. In the air. &gt;&gt; Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by. I'm going to meet you. Meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear. Never heard my mortal ear to be glorious. Lord, I do declare God's own son will be the leading one and the meeting in the air. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You can be seated this morning, Aaron, sister uh Gilorth and brother, her husband there. They're going to be singing for you. And uh then uh brother Matt Garrett, they're visiting from down in Murphy'sboro area. They're going to be he's going to be singing for us. We we got some good singers. You know that. How many of you appreciate our singers? Amen. Praise the Lord. We appreciate them. [Music] Every time I try to make it on my own. Every time I try to stand, I start to fall. And all those lonely roads that I have traveled on, there was Jesus. [Music] When the life I built came crashing to the ground. [Music] When the friends I had were nowhere to be found, I couldn't see it then, but I can see it now. There was Jesus [Music] in the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. every minute, every moment where I've been and where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it, there was Jesus [Music] for this man who needs amazing kind of grace for forgiveness at a price I couldn't pay. Oh, I'm not perfect, so I thank God every day. &gt;&gt; There was Jesus. &gt;&gt; There was Jesus in the waiting, in the searching, in the heing and the hurting. Like a blessing in the broken pieces. every minute, every moment, where I've been and where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it, there was Jesus on the mountains, in the valleys. &gt;&gt; There was Jesus &gt;&gt; in the shadows of the alleys. There was Jesus in the fire. [Music] &gt;&gt; There was Jesus. &gt;&gt; Always is and always was. [Applause] No, I never walk alone. You're always there. In the waiting in the searching, in the healing and the hiding like a blessing in the broken pieces every minute, every moment where I've been, where I'm going, even when I didn't know it, I couldn't see it. There was Jesus. There was Jesus. &gt;&gt; There was Jesus. There was Jesus. [Music] Amen. It's good to be here tonight. But today, I always throw Larry, Brother Larry, under the bus. We never get to practice. So, y'all pray for us. Amen. [Music] There's a lighthouse on the hillside that overlooks life scene. And when I'm tossed, it sends out a light. A light that I might see. And the light that shines in darkness now will safely lead me home. Cuz if it wasn't for that lighthouse, my ship would sail no more. And I thank God for the lighthouse. I owe my life to him. For Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rocks of sin. He has shown a light around me that I might clearly see. that if it wasn't for the lighthouse. Tell me, where would this ship be? [Music] Now everybody that lives around us, they say, "Tear that old light house down." You know the big ships, they don't sail by this way anymore. There's no use in that old thing standing round. But my mind goes back to that stormy night when just in time I saw the light. You know it was a light from that old lighthouse that stands there on the hill. And I thank God for the lighthouse. I owe my life to him for Jesus is the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sin, he has shown a light around me that I might clearly see that if it wasn't for the lighthouse. Tell me, where would this ship be? [Music] [Applause] I don't know about you, I'm so grateful for the lighthouse today. In this world of such darkness and trouble, where would we be without Jesus and his mercy to us? Now, I'm not just talking about the Jesus that a lot of churches have made. I'm talking about the scriptural one. &gt;&gt; The one who is the word. Yes. &gt;&gt; One of the greatest mistakes that people in this day have been and are making is separating Jesus from the word. &gt;&gt; And remember, if your Jesus will leave the word, he's not the Jesus of the word. &gt;&gt; He always stays with his word because he is the word. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Is it a privilege for us to be gathered together here today? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Won't you just turn and check somebody's in? Tell them. Good to see you in the house of the Lord today. Good to see each of you in the presence of the Lord in the house of God with the saints of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let us turn to second Peter chapter 1 if you would today verse two. We want to speak again today about godliness. I trust everybody wants to be more like God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. According as this divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue, whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature. Now remember this scripture here as we're going to go into into just in a few minutes but it will tie with this. Partakers of the divine nature having escaped the world that is in the world the excuse me having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness. Now, I want you to notice the seventh one, which we probably won't reach today, but look at the seventh one. And to godliness, brotherly kindness. and to brotherly kindness, charity, which is eight. Of course, I believe, and I'm sure that you do as well, that our father laid all these out to the by the spirit of God to Peter. I find it amazing, though, that the very last one before charity, the capstone, is brotherly kindness. Now, that would be something that a lot of people would think, well, that would be so easy to do, really. I wonder in our ranks and our church and our families if we aren't being tried by the lack of this very virtue right here, &gt;&gt; brotherly kindness. And it will be the one when you reach that place and it is fluent in your life, it will be the one that God will cap off right on top of that. Now, I'm sure that you've noticed it already in reading these miracles, signs, wonders, emotion, shouting, running, jumping, all of that. None of those are even mentioned in this. &gt;&gt; We believe in that, don't we? &gt;&gt; Faith brings brings that, of course, if we believe it. But isn't it amazing that God builds the individual not out of those things? Not even out of some of the things the churches make it out of and then message people what they make it out of. But God picked those things which he knew would be absolutely essential. Why? This is his own nature. This is his own nature broke down into us. And Jesus knowing of all these great things and making brotherly kindness which is the virtue of our age. &gt;&gt; That's right. Remember when the prophet draws it out on the pyramid form, then he puts the virtues and church age messengers and the dates and all that and right on the very top, the very last one before charity is brotherly kindness. Help us, Lord. Amen. How many like to be remembered today? Not only for that, but other things as well in your life. Amen. Let's just pray together. Heavenly Father, we thank you once again that we could be gathered together, Lord, in this place. Dear God, we are grateful so much for the light in the evening time. And we know, Lord God, that it was the light that dispelled the darkness in the beginning. And we know, Father, that your prophet tells us that when the words were spoken there in Genesis, let there be this, let there be that. Father, that he believed the sun, the moon, and the stars were already into creation whenever the spirit of God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. And then the light drove the darkness from the earth. So, the light was already there, but the darkness just need to be dispelled by the light. I believe, Father, that it's been that way ever since. That truth is here. Truth is around us. Truth is present. We just need the darkness to be pushed away that the light can shine through us. We stand here today, Father, with many needs in our hearts. People with needs in their bodies, in their homes, maybe on their job, their finances. See the prayer clause that I have in my hands. Father, I'm asking you that you'd be mindful of these needs today as I preach with them. May your presence, Lord God, go and meet the needs. Help me, Lord, that I can get out of the way, that you can speak through me, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I went down Friday afternoon um to the men's meeting down in Newport, Tennessee, and I supposed to spoke there last night, but brother Barry took me into consideration and and um changed it around so I could be there on Friday night so I wouldn't be so exhausted preaching there last night and driving back tonight. So, had a wonderful service with the brothers there and that's still ongoing today. We're grateful for what the Lord um is doing there. All men gathering there at that place. And it's just quite quite wonderful whenever you look and see that men men there from Germany, from India, from Pakistan, from New York, from Georgia, from just different places. U brothers that had come together to be able to find more of what they could be in in the house of God. I I personally believe that our church, ours and every other church, is no stronger than the families that make up that church. It's the same way with the men, men of the family. The woman has a great position, a godly position that God gives her. But God needs men in the church that are stable. Men in the families that are stable, men that can lead their families and guide their families in the way of godliness. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." The word husband, I've shared it with you many years ago. The word husband actually comes from the two words blended together, which is houseband. Houseband. So, it's something that binds the house together. God knows exactly what he's doing. And since I've come back home, the brothers been sharing with me different things that's been going on down there. Some of our brothers from here are there today. And we're grateful for that. Also, Brother Biscll's homegoing memorial service will be going on in Cloverdale today. So, we want to remember them. They've done had just a family uh graveside there, but also the the bigger services there. So, we know that they're rejoicing today also mourning for his loss of course taken from them. Ultimately, each of us are heading in this direction to where that one day our lives will be ended. And whether it is by the rapture or whether it is by this familiar door that many of our loved ones have already faced called death. I don't mind telling you I have mixed feelings about death. I hate death. But at the same time, I know death is necessary sometimes in order to bring on the next cycle of life. We're in that cycle of course here in the mountains in East Tennessee. And we can see the leaves that they are falling from the ground. Thousands of them, millions of them yet to fall. We see the walnuts covered up our driveway out here. Believe it or not, I blowed all them off the other day and there wasn't one of them left. But when the wind come through, it blow them all all there. Now, what's that's a sign of? That's a sign of the harvest cycle. So, we could look at all of that and look at our own lives and realize that some of us are like that as well. Our leaves are beginning to turn. Our strength is no longer quite what it was. Maybe the, you know, the brilliance of our mind is becoming a little bit edgy. And and in our mind, we think we're the same as we were as 20 until you get that basketball and go into playing against some of these 18-year-old boys and your muscles will let you know tomorrow you're not the same as you were. It's the same with you sisters. You may look and think, well, I I'm the same. I can still do this. And up here, you think you can, but until you start doing it and then you realize, what in the world happened to me? What in the world? It had sneaked up on that. Actually, it didn't sneak up on you. It's been creeping upon you for many, many years. And for some of us, it's finally arrived. Some of you old people, can y'all say amen? &gt;&gt; Wake up and say it, and then you can go back to sleep. But we realize that this is the cycle that has been for thousands and thousands of years. But we believe and we hope and we pray that we are at the end of that cycle. I don't know that we are. It may go on another generation, may go on another hundred years. Honestly, don't see how it could. But we want to prepare our homes, our lives, our church as if though that there would be a tomorrow. So, we don't want to live our lives just so much in in the rapture state of mind that we don't even plan. We don't even try to instill godliness in our children. We want to be able to impact them in such a way that if the Lord would tar and I would die, go by the way of the grave and y'all would vote in someone else and the deacons will all die and the trustees will all die, the song leaders will all die and it'll be another generation, then another generation. We want there to be people, our young people, that are embracing the truth that we believe right now, not by second-handed religion, but because they actually see it for themsel by revelation. And we know it's important that we teach our children, but it's also important that we as parents pray for our children, that God will help them to get it, not just by repetition of hearing it by me, the youth leaders in Sunday school, but that God will reveal it to them. And the church said, &gt;&gt; now John wrote to them. He wrote to the to the elder men. He wrote to the young men. He wrote to the sisters. And he divided it because of the categories that they were in. And we know that God does that. And we know that this actually is an attribute of God to this. Now, Peter when writing this, I don't believe that he just kind of sat down one day and thought, you know what? I I need to write this epistle. I I decide I'm going to write the first and the second one. Let me think what could I write about now cuz I want to outdo the rest of the brothers that have written. So, what could I write that would make me outstanding? No. That part about Peter had already died when he got the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. That's right. So, I believe that he prayed and he felt, "Well, Lord, I I I don't want to just write it because I was with you, but I want to write something that would be a benefit." Aren't you glad that these men obeyed the spirit of God and wrote these things? Where would we be, friends, without our Bible? Thank God the spirit of God moved upon Matthew and Mark and Luke and John. And you realize that Matthew, you know, was there with him, but Luke was not there with him. Luke was was trained up and he was a Jew but he was a well a scholar and Luke come back years later and wrote the book of Luke. He was not even there when these events happened. He was not even there whenever Jesus raised the dead and healed the sick. But Luke come in afterwards and Luke is also the same one as you know that wrote the book of Acts. So where did he get this information from going around talking to the different people? I thank God for every one of those books. I am so grateful that God gave them to us to us. But yet we know that it's more than just reading it. No doubt the Bible has already been read in New Zealand and Australia across the international dine and it's already in Zambia and Zimbabwe and Kenya and the Ivory Coast and all over the world. They've already had their Sunday morning service and now they've went home and and it's been read on and it's been preached in every denominational church. No doubt the Bible has at least had a had a text taken from it. And yet it's the same Bible that we've had for many many years, the King James version, 1611 version, and how long it's been upon the face of the earth. And yet, if that's all we need is just the preaching of the Bible, then my question would be, how come the rapture did not take place after the first New Testament books were written? If everything we need to take a rapture is in the New Testament alone, why was there not a rapture after it was finally put together and the final books were added to it, which would have been around 96 AD, then if just having the New Testament and reading it and believing that it was the word of God, then the rapture should have taken place around 96 AD at the latest 97 AD. So why didn't it happen? Why was it that people kept on reading the Bible and then the Bible got lost away of course by the Catholic Church and wanted to drown it out and then in the reformation God ordained that the printing presses come on the scene and God could have had tape players then if he' wanted to. &gt;&gt; That's right. He could have had radio. He could have done it whatever he wanted. But God started it out with the primitive form of bringing the word because that's where the revelation was at that time. So Luther didn't catch the the revelation of the seven thunders. He didn't catch it about the opening of the seven seals. They were just coming out of such terrible, terrible darkness. And God started it in its infancy form. And then God used the means of science by which he's going to now paste the revelation of his word. And what does he use? A printing press. And then people start writing. And for many of them, it was very, very primitive. And you've seen no doubt printings or pictures of them of what type that they were. And as sites begin to advance the revelation of the word begin to advance with it. And here we are past the printing press. Most of them don't even use them anymore. The last time I visited the voice of God, they had actually sold their big prints, their big presses. Massive. You cannot imagine how large those things were. I mean, a printing press the size of this whole section right here, maybe even a little bit bigger. A piece of machinery that's absolutely overwhelming because everything has gone digital. So, they don't even print books there anymore at all. And yet, it's moved to a time and science has so advanced. And God, wouldn't God be something then to let science advance that far? And here we are. We're still way back in that primitive form of 2,000 years ago and we're still repeating the same Bible stories of Noah and Moses and Jonah and Zachchariah and Zachcharias and all of that. We love to hear those stories, do we not? But God also updates his revelation and the influence of his light to match the day and the time. I believe with all of my heart that we as the people of God need to hear more than just the story about Moses. I believe we need to hear more than just about Peter for s, you know, unable to walk on the water. I believe we need to hear gospel preaching of the age and the hour and the time and the dispensation that we are living in. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? Now, it's going to take something to produce a rapturing faith. Look friends, I'm 69 years old. I've been reading this Bible since I was 12. I've been reading my Bible since I was 12 years old. And when I come to the message, I did not fall out of love with my Bible and just say, "Somehow you do away with the Bible because you're in the message." I love my Bible now more than I've ever loved it in my life. &gt;&gt; Because to me, the message makes the Bible so real. You know, Brother Ram talked about it and rever said right beyond that mountain over there when he was in Phoenix and he said right beyond that mountain, he said whenever them angels come down, he said it made this Bible a brand new book. We did not need a William Brandom version of the Bible. We did not need a Lutheran version. Now, if you study the Islamic religion, you know that the Quran that what did he do? He come from the angels and so on and so on and they gave him all these new writings. What did the Mormons do? Well, the Mormons done exactly the same thing. So, Moroni supposedly come down and revealed to Joseph Smith and gave him all these plates of gold that were hit up in upstate New York. And then after he translates from off those plates of gold, those plates of gold disappear. Hogwash. I said hogwash. And the Quran, all the things that it says about this and that and the other, an absolute bunch of nonsense. You understand that his last wife, his last wife was a six-year-old girl. &gt;&gt; Study the Quran and find if it's a religion of peace. &gt;&gt; It's a religion of immorality and death. &gt;&gt; You imagine a man marrying a six-year-old girl and then he consummated the marriage with that little girl when she turned the age of nine. And our bunch of sorry, rotten politicians in America want to embrace that as a religion of truth. It's from the pits of hell. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Come on. It ain't no prophet of God. A prophet of God would cry out against such nonsense. Why do you think that his followers in this day rape and molest and do all they do? They're following the teaching of their prophet because that's the way he lived. You know why we forgive people? You know why we love people? You know why we pray for people? We're following the teachings of our prophet. Amen. He never taught us immorality. He never taught us to live like the devil. Let's have church this morning. What you say? He never taught us to live ungodly evil. He never taught us to do wrong. He taught us to live a godly, holy, sanctified life. Come on somebody. What was it that he told us in the church age book that his desire was to be able to build not for one reason or second rather would he have the people come and follow him but that the people would be able to have a relationship with God. That's exactly what our prophet wanted. Oh sure there's people around the message and made a cult out of their aspect of it. But don't you identify this prophet's message with a cult because it's not. It's a restoration back to the original word that people would be saved, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost. Love God, love their neighbor, love their enemy, pray for them that despite, oh, I feel like preaching today. Why? Because God wants a church that will be identified with him. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; you see, in order to do this, God must go beyond the ordinary means of man. Now, watch godliness as a prophet as I read it to you when I first started preaching this that he had to look through several dictionaries to even find the meaning of godliness. And he said he finally found one that said it meant to be like God. So, we'll take it that way. That that means to be like God. So, godliness, what all does it involve? Well, it means to be like God in the attributes that human beings by the spirit of God living in them will be able to project. There's things about God, of course, we can never do and God don't expect us to. But God wants us to embrace the height of everything that a bornagain son or daughter of God can be able to do. And will they have their mistakes? They will. Will they have their shortcomings? They will. But they're still displaying godliness even when they do wrong cuz they'll come back and say, "I'm sorry." A real son or daughter of God can admit when they're wrong and they can ask for forgiveness. Only stubborn, hellbound church members can never admit they're wrong. I wish somebody would preach with me this morning. I know some of you all don't like to admit that you're wrong. And I'll tell you, you better repent and get that demon off of you cuz you'll never walk down streets of gold if you don't get rid of that hard-headed, stubborn thing that you can't admit that you're wrong. Go to God and ask him to forgive you. Go to your neighbor, ask them to forgive you. Lord have mercy. John the Baptist anointing must be in here today. If we ever expect to walk down the streets of gold, we're going to have to humble oursel and our pride. We're going to have to humble oursel and our arrogance. And when you're wrong, admit you're wrong. Be a big man. Be a big woman. Come on, somebody. I ain't talking about your size. I ain't talking about your bank account. I ain't talking about how many acres you own and how many houses you got. I'm talking about having faith and virtue and knowledge and temperance. And here we are looking at godliness to be like God. Yes, &gt;&gt; sir. &gt;&gt; Woo. Hallelujah. Our God is a phenomenal God. Then you ought to reflect a phenomenal work of the grace of the supernatural God in your life. Our God is a God of love. Then you being godly ought to be a Christian of love. Our God is a God of faithfulness and you ought to be a faithful Christian. Our God is a God of purity. Then you ought to walk a pure and a holy life. Our God is a God of perfection and you also ought to walk as Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect even as your father which is in heaven is perfect." Our God is a God of sincerity. Our God is a God of truth. Our God is a God of light. There is no darkness in him at all. And there should be no darkness in our life, no darkness in our behavior, no darkness in our business dealings, no darkness in our Christianity. We ought to be a people that are like God. You ought to get up like God. You ought to lay down like God. You ought to work like God. Amen. You ought to be like God in your dealings. Be like God in your comingings and your goings. when you're going in, when you're going out, when you're up, when you're down, may God be able to reflect himself in each of our lives. I don't know. I tell you one thing. I think it would be phenomenal if every person of this assembly would get such a craving and a hungering, a desiring to be more like God. Don't worry about trying to be like the Joneses or the Reagans or the Smiths or whoever more. Make your example Jesus Christ. Well, they've got a fine car. I've got to have one. They've got a boat and an RV and a this and a that and the other. Forget what they've got. What you want is faith and virtue and knowledge and temperance and oh hallelujah. All these attributes of almighty God. We're talking about a peaceful people this morning that can live the kind of life that will be raptured in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. If not, this message ain't going to do us one bit of good. If all we've got is a head knowledge. If all we've got is a head religion and we can quote the Bible and quote the prophet and think we're something, what good does it do if we don't live the Bible and live what the prophet of God taught us? &gt;&gt; Lord have mercy. Who was that for? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Our God is a supernatural God. Then in order to be godly, you must become a supernatural being. &gt;&gt; A supernatural being, which is a natural being modified by supernatural power. &gt;&gt; Now, man broke into this years and years ago and made Superman and Batman and the X-Men and all this. you know, it's changed down through the ages. So, they made Hollywood characters. Now, I I I know that many of you all, of course, were sanctified when you were children and you never watched television, but I wasn't. We was raised in a home to where we had television. It's what we did all the time. And and so I watched Superman and I became Superman. I mean, I I would take a whatever and wrap around me. I become a Tarzan. We'd go down in the woods, uh, Harry and I, and the rest of our siblings, and we'd cut grape vines and and we'd go down through there, and I'd squall and yell, "Oh, oh boy. I'd become Superman and Batman, and I'd fly through the woods with my cape trailing in the back. I wasn't one bit stronger than I was before I put the cape on. But one of one day, aren't you glad we found a real man or a real one found us and he gave us a power that truly made us supernatural. You see, there's something in humanity. If there was not those types of things would never go over. People want super characters. Our kids still will fall back on that. They want super characters. Many of you moms, if you're not careful, you will come somehow to this identification that you're to be a super mom and a super cook and a super house cleaner and a super washer window person. And you dads are supposed to be super this and super that and super something else. In reality, your kids ain't wanting a super dad. They're wanting a dad that'll love them. A dad that'll be able to pray with them at night. A dad that will be able to read to them and tell them about Jesus. a dad that'll be big enough to pull him in his arms. I wish somebody would preach with me. I reckon if I'm going to have to have church this morning, I have to do it by myself. Come on. They don't want super moms that can be able to go to the moon and back by lunch. They want a mom that can understand their trouble. They're not looking for a mom that can be a Wonder Woman. Come on, children. They want a mom that'll understand them. They want a mom that will love them even if they have questions about the message. Come on, somebody. Amen. We don't need super youth leaders in our church. We need youth leaders that are led by the spirit of God. And our youth can come to them when they have questions about the message or questions about this. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. You don't need a super preacher. It's already too late. You don't know that anyhow. You ain't got one. You don't need one. But you need preachers and men of God and mothers and fathers that can live a life before you that'll so grasp a hold of your life that you can see them in their weaknesses. You can see them in their trials. And you know they're struggling and you know they're going through a hard time, but you also see them get up and punch that devil right square in the face. And you know many times when they're doing it, they're not doing it on feeling. They're not doing it on emotion. They're doing it because they're called to do it. I'm called to preach whether I feel one speck of the anointing or not. This morning, I'm called to cast out devils. I'm called to lay hand on the sick. And I'm going to do it till I draw my last breath. If the Lord lets me live, you not only am I called, but you are called to live this word. You're called to get up in the morning when you don't feel like getting up. You're called to get your children's lunch back and ready. You're called to be able to be an example. Mothers, you're called to be an example. Fathers, oh, don't feel like it. You're called to do it even when you don't feel like it. When you don't feel good. The deacon brothers, the trustee brothers, the musicians, the song leaders, you're called to come here and put your best effort forth to play your organ, Harry, with all of your heart. Play your piano, brother Larry. Play your instrument. You deacons, do your bed. You're called to come here, saints of God, and put forth every effort that you have. Clap them hands. Raise them hands to God. Lord, I love you. I'm called to clap my hands. I'm called to raise my arms to God. Why? I want to be like God. I don't want to just be a church member. I don't want to be a person that just hangs on. Well, let me get through Sunday. I ain't wanting to get through Sunday. I'm wanting to sail through Sunday. And I can't wait till Wednesday. Hallelujah. I don't want to just barely hang on. I don't want a t-shirt that says I endure Leodosia. I want to walk up there as an overcomer. I want Hallelujah to the lamb of God. I don't want to go by myself, but I want to look behind me and see men and women, hallelujah, that have stood for this word and say, Lord God, give us strength to be faithful. And you know as well as I know we cannot do this on our own. &gt;&gt; We must have a supernatural something within us that has changed us &gt;&gt; to make us compatible with godliness &gt;&gt; to be like God. Hallelujah. So let me just share with you today who you are and go tell my disciples a prophet said I have men everywhere across the country sometimes criticizing me about divine healing. Why my brother? How could I keep from believing in divine healing when it's the very nature of the Holy Spirit? Every man that's born of the spirit of God will have to believe in the supernatural. &gt;&gt; God is supernatural. &gt;&gt; The attribute of godliness will embody supernatural and pass that trait down to you &gt;&gt; if you're born again. Every man that's born of the spirit of God will have to believe in the supernatural because he listen because he is a part of God. He's an offspring of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; An offspring of God. Aren't you glad for that today? An offspring of God. You look Now I say I look You look like your daddy. You got a nose. They tell me, "I got a nose like dad. I got a mouth like dad." Why? He's my father. I got a right to look like him. Hallelujah. Then if God is my father, I have got a right to believe in the supernatural because I'm born of the supernatural spirit. Now friend, it is a great great error on our part to think that the supernatural is only divine healing or miracles or somebody having a vision or somebody having a dream. God wants every day of our life to be lived from a supernatural realm. But as I said it down to you the ministers or the men's meeting down on Friday night. You're going to have many more non-miraculous days in your life than you are miraculous days. There may be days and we lead into weeks and months before you in between miracles before you'll see one miracle and then another and then another. That don't mean you don't have a supernatural walk because every day you get up and live in this dark age and you have your right mind at the end of the day. How many still does have your right mind? Some of you. &gt;&gt; Rest of you crazy. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, that makes sense why I preach. I'm preaching to crazy people. How many's got your right mind? All right. Thank God y'all found it. Praise the Lord. Every day you do that, you have lived a supernatural life. And the supernatural power of God was on display as that man raised his voice to you and accused you of doing something that wasn't right. And something within you, though your first nature may have raised up, but something inside of you overrode that first nature and calms you right down, you had a supernatural moment in your everyday walk with God. and you're looking for miracles. Well, you don't have to look any further. Right here is one right here standing before you. I am a miracle. I'm a saved man. I'm a sanctified man. I'm a man filled with the Holy Ghost. There's miracles sitting all around you right by you. Come on, saints. And believe me, it will be those miracles that walk down streets of gold. There will never be a miracle in the sense of divine healing or a blinded man receiving his eyes in heaven. There won't be no blind people in heaven. But the miracles that walk down streets of gold, that is the miraculous that God wants to display. &gt;&gt; Oh my, you look like your daddy. He said, I've got to believe in the supernatural because I'm born in the supernatural spirit. That makes a supernatural being out of me. &gt;&gt; That makes a supernatural being out of me. So God is supernatural. In order to be godly, I've got to become supernatural. And I have. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you have, too, if you got the Holy Ghost. How many's got the Holy Ghost? Well, you're supernatural. Inwardly, outwardly, I'm a man of clay. You're a man of clay. But inwardly when you're born of the spirit of God, you become a supernatural being in there. You become a supernatural being in there. Can you imagine when the resurrection takes place and and the rapture is called? Therefore, if you have died and entered into the theophony, what happens? The theophony brings the that redeemed body down to the earth. Now, notice what happens here. that the theophony of those that have died and entered into the theophony that they're coming down to the earth and they're going to meet the redeemed body. But if you are here, you take the redeemed body to meet the theophony. You who you who the supernatural being on the inside of you for that supernatural element will change your mortal body. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. If God could change a drunk to a preacher, if God could change a woman of ill fame and move in that woman's life and make her a daughter of God and a saint of God, cannot that same God reverse this body right back to a young man. Sure, he can. So, the supernatural is already present in our soul. &gt;&gt; Now, notice John says it this way in 1 John chapter 12. But as many as received him, to them he oh my gave he power to become to become. Now this word become is to come to pass. So they are a prophetic thought in the mind of God. And the power of God released to them brings his thought of their new birth to pass. and they come to pass at an altar or at a, you know, wherever it is they get saved at. And they become sons and daughters of God. And they're changed from just a natural being only to a supernatural being in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. You've already had a twinkling of an eye experience at your new birth. And you're waiting for the whole glory to God. You're waiting for the one in your body to catch up with the revelation in your soul. Notice this. But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not of blood, not of the will of the flesh. So where was it that you decided you wanted to be saved? You're not born again by your own will. Not according to the Bible. You're not not of the will of the flesh. Notice this. Not of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. &gt;&gt; So all of you that are human beings today that are born, you asked your mother and father to bring you into the earth, right? &gt;&gt; You told your mom and dad that you wanted to be immortal. Well, now that's the way people make the new birth. They tell God they want to be born again. They tell God when they want to be born again. &gt;&gt; They want to sin. They want to live this way. They want to do that way. And then they tell God, "Okay, God, I've decided I want to be a Christian now." &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; And how's that working for you? &gt;&gt; But you see, to them who believe on his name, to them he gave power, excuse you, to become the sons of God. Now it says, "Which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." I'll tell you, when you got born again, when your father moved on your heart, and you may, some of you may have dug your fingernails in the back of that pew or in the back of that padded chair right there, and you didn't want to come, but something got a hold to you, and it wouldn't let you go. And you don't want that same thing that got a hold to you when you got saved is the same thing that's got a hold to you down through life. and you said, "I ain't going back to church. I can't do it another day." And all of a sudden, something grabbed a hold of your neck tie and said, "Boy, you're going to the house of God." Dollar mind, you're living right. You're going to serve me. You're going to be right there faithful. Oh, but Jesus, I don't want to. I'd never ask you if you wanted to. It was me who called you. It was me who ordained you. I chose you before the foundation of the world. Get up. Get your clothes on and get to the house of God. &gt;&gt; Y'all need might need to do a diagnostic test on these u unfrosted strawberry pop-tarts that I eat before Sunday morning. I don't know if there's double portions of Jim Sang in there or what in the world. Notice this again. The prophet says that if you do not believe in the supernatural, you haven't been born again. &gt;&gt; You see all these church members in the day we're living that don't believe in the supernatural and a move of God. Even some of them around the message. You know why they don't? They're not born again. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. To be godly, you've got to be born of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; Because when you're born again, you become a son of God. Being a son of God, you're a nature of God. Now, remember what we read, partakers of the divine nature. And then when you take on the things and you want to see the moving of God, you want to see the moving of God and see God move, don't we? &gt;&gt; Don't we want to come to church and see God move among our people and move in the services and move on our young people? We don't want to just come to church and sit there and do our religion and go back home and be as bad as we were when we come. But, Brother John, we come desiring and we're praying, "God, move today. Lord, move on the sick. Lord, move on the lost. Move on them, Lord." &gt;&gt; Oh my. You heard the testimony, I'm sure, the other night of our sister Batman. And she had those cataracts on her eyes. You heard that, right? And she come up for prayer and the spirit of God moved for him. The next morning, they were gone. That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about a move of God, friend. You know, no preacher can do that. I don't care who it is that it don't just limit it to divine healing. It will move in your soul. It will help you lay aside that habit that you've dealt with for years and years. And you may be wound up as tight as an 8-day clock. And at the drop of a hat, boy, you could just ball people out. And the Holy Ghost reaches inside of you and takes that old ungodly temper out of you. But you know what he does? He gives you something back in this place. Temperance. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You cannot have temper and temperance at the same time. But if you'll let go of your temper, God will baptize you into the virtue of temperance and it will change you. And every day you will be a walking miracle because people say, "I know him. I know her." It runs in their nature to be matter and a hornet. What in the world happened to them? They got born of God. They're born of God. They act like God. and talk like God &gt;&gt; because you're his son made in his image and you're born of his spirit. You're part of him and you've got faith &gt;&gt; for anything. &gt;&gt; Everybody buckle up. 1 John 3:8 3:9 rather whosoever is born of God &gt;&gt; does not commit sin and &gt;&gt; this word commit is practice &gt;&gt; they're not sin practicers &gt;&gt; now remember this is not eliminating your human mistakes that nature that made you practice sin is gone Now you're a new creature in Christ Jesus and you mess up. Boy, you better believe there's something inside of you that makes you feel bad. Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad it does? &gt;&gt; Whosoever is born of God does not commit practice sin. The Greek verb there used in the present tense implies ongoing action. So it's a repetitive something that you by nature. You by nature. Now remember, each one of us have human tendencies that are left in our humanity even after we're born again. &gt;&gt; And the spirit of God on the throne room of our heart will help us to bring those things subject to the word. But if it is an ongoing thing daily, ongoing ongoing, and you cannot overcome it, you need a deeper experience with God. For he that is born of God do not commit sin, for he cannot sin. For the seed of God remainth or abideth in him. Oh glory. Whosoever is born of God does not commit sin. For his seed which is his nature remainth in him. He cannot sin because he is born of God. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; Give us them miracles right there Lord. Oh my beloved. 1 John 4:7, let us love one another, for love is of God. Everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God. First John 5:4, for whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world. Don't you understand why people can't overcome? &gt;&gt; Don't you understand the majority of the church today, the songwriters are having to write songs about that's what the blood is for. That's what the blood is for. Boy, you can't live right. You can't overcome. You can't do this. So God give the blood knowing you're just a you're just an old sinner saved by grace. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I was a sinner, but I ain't no more. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. Amen. &gt;&gt; I know Bill and Gloria Gazer had good intentions when they wrote that song, but it's not written in the light of the end time message. &gt;&gt; If you're still a sinner, you're lost. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. According to John, whosoever is born of God does not commit sin. For the seed of God remainth in him, therefore he cannot sin. [Applause] Woo! &gt;&gt; Deacons, go ahead and call 911. There's going to be demons hopefully laying gasping for breath all over the pews here after church is over today. Let the devil come and collect the dead bodies while we're shouting on top of them. Hallelujah. Notice in 1 John 5:18, we know that whosoever is born of God sinnth not. &gt;&gt; Now friends, it comes down to one plain and simple fact. Do we believe this word is the truth? &gt;&gt; But he that is begotten. Now remember Jesus tells us in John 3:16, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son." I mentioned to you the other night and some of you rolled your eyes at me when I said it. I said Jesus was the only begotten son at that time &gt;&gt; cuz he ain't the only one now. &gt;&gt; Not according to the Bible. Notice now, oh my, we know that whosoever is born of God sinnth not. But he that is begotten. Don't you understand the first seed son was begotten of God so that he could have a whole family of begotten sons and daughters. God didn't just want one. He the prophet said he ordained a world a world of sons and daughters of God. Can you imagine one of these days the oceans will be removed from the earth? 2/3 4th something like that of our of our earth is covered in water. We care some of the days. You said, "Where in the world's all them people going to live?" I said, "The oceans are going to be gone." Notice John said he saw no more sea. Now, this is unusual for John because he's born and raised right near the Mediterranean, which borders the country of Israel. So, John looked around and when he sees the vision, he's looking down and he sees that Jerusalem is basically what the Jews call the navl of the earth, the belly button of the earth. And from there, John looked and he saw the city, New Jerusalem, descending from God out of heaven, 1,500 miles, which means geographically, the very center point of the top of the pyramid, which set right on the very center part of Jerusalem. And he looked over this way and he said, "How in the world can that city set up there? Where's the Mediterranean Sea?" And John looked at and said, "It's gone. &gt;&gt; The Mediterranean is gone." Well, if he casts our sins into the sea and we're actually brought back to a state of perfection, he's got to get rid of the sin holder, don't he? &gt;&gt; Don't need no sea. The oceans are here because of currents and thermals. Look at the hurricanes that's brewing right now in the Atlantic. Two of them they're suspecting going to be down there. Oh, one of these days there'll never be another one. Why? You won't need the Atlantic. You won't need the Pacific. then it'll come back as it was in that original state. Glory to God. Hallelujah. John didn't say he didn't see rivers. He didn't say he didn't see streams, but he saw no more sea. Why? There be no need of the sea. It will be gone. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We know that whosoever is born of God sent not, but he that is begotten of God keepeth. &gt;&gt; Can you say it? Now, wait a minute. I thought the same Bible said we're kept by the power of God. One and the same. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Don't you understand? Those of you that are born again, you are keeping yourself from the control tower of the soul. &gt;&gt; You're keeping yourself. Not, oh, I'd love to run around on my wife. Oh, somebody take a picture of me. Shores the world. Oh my goodness. Brother Rob did one morning again said, "Well, I'll tell you one thing. I sure is a pretty woman over there. Man, I'd love to have her, but somebody tell Sarah shores the world. She had divorced me and kicked me out of our house and take that fancy new car I've got that drives itself. Oh my goodness. And Harry and saying, "Boy, I tell you one thing. I wish I could cheat on my taxes cuz I could get more money. That's sorry government. They don't need my money. No way. I think I'm going to leave this out and leave that out." But a man that's born again has got a divine government down inside of his soul. Amen. It's not what you can do and get by with Oh, there ain't nobody around looking. Ain't nobody around, but there's always one looking up this way. And you see, we don't have to do it by fear. We do it by divine control. Again, I say you're looking for a miracle. Do you understand what happens in you every day of your life? You brothers living out here in the world and the women are stripping their yourself off and doing what they're doing. You know, I'm always love the warm summertime. I love the warm weather. But I'm going tell you, the worse the world gets, the glider more I'm enjoying winter time. At least they got to put on some more clothes to stay warm. But you look around, brothers. What is it that keeps yourself? Oh my goodness. I better not look at that woman Lindsay will get me if I do. I better not look at that woman. Carol will get me. It ain't based upon Carol getting you. It ain't based upon Chrissy getting you. It's based upon a divine power of God, a supernatural movie. And your eyes as a human might go that way, but the control tower says, "Nope. Don't do that, boy. Don't do that. You'll get in trouble. Pull them eyes right back around. A miracle just happened inside of you because you are made to do that humanly. &gt;&gt; I feel sorry for me when this anointing waters off after a while. He that is begotten of God keepth himself or herself. And that wicked one touches him not. As a prophet's heaven, you're sealed by the Holy Ghost and hidden by God in Christ. For the devil to get a hold of that soul, he'd have to be your brother. &gt;&gt; He'd have to cross the bloodline and get saved. Ain't no other way the devil can get saved. Notice this. In the law having a shadow, a man must be born again by the spirit of God. And then the spirit of the creator himself comes into the individual and claims relationship as sunship. You see it? Then that person is an offspring of God. Again, yes, sir. God's on the instance of delivering anything, he'll make a way. When there's no way, he makes a way. Any man that believes in him believes the same thing. He has to. He's a part of God. He's an offspring of God. &gt;&gt; You believe it? &gt;&gt; He's a son of God or a daughter of God. He can't do anything else because God's right in him. He's just a portion of God. &gt;&gt; Do you understand what your new birth is? It's your portion of God. &gt;&gt; Do you understand? Once you get it, &gt;&gt; it's always yours. &gt;&gt; When our saints pass down the curtain of time, they take that portion of God with them into their theophony. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. One day the spirit of God by the law of life will release this portion of God in me and in you. And this portion of God in us that's helped us to live right will then kick over into the cycle of transforming our bodies. &gt;&gt; And you may be standing there combing your hair if you got any left, brushing your teeth or picking them up out of a cup, whichever one you do on the morning time. and uh and and you're standing there rubbing the polyen off of your teeth and uh and uh getting your hair situated, you know, or whatever it is that you're putting in contacts or or washing your glasses. And all of a sudden, what all them all them signs of mortality and all of a sudden, glory to God, there you look and there there's mama in the bathroom with you. There's your daddy. There's your uncle. There's your brother. Except they're not 60 years old or 70 years old. They're actually younger than you are. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you know it won't be long. You're going to be changed by the power of God. What is it? That power is in us this morning, children. If it was not for the law of God, we would every one of us create our own private world and go out there and live on it and say no trespassing. &gt;&gt; It's a good thing we ain't got that power cuz we'd be further apart than what we are now. Some of y'all would had to flew in from your own planet for church and you'd said, "It's too far to go to church. I'm way out here. You know how many ever light years out? We'll just stay home and stream." &gt;&gt; Oh my. We're in the image of God. God is a creator. That's the reason that you can believe God could heal a person because God &gt;&gt; is in you. If a man's born of the spirit of God, he's an offspring &gt;&gt; of God. And that part of God is in him. And he believes every word that God says or materialize. And so that makes him part of God. The Holy Spirit and the man makes him part of God. So God is supernatural and that part of God in us will make us believe in the supernatural which in turn makes us participating of godliness in a divine way. Only those who have this within them come from their soul. Now there's many people with intellectual faith can say, "Oh yes, I I believe God can heal the sick. I I believe God can do that." But they themselves are not truly born again. But they will run up on something eventually that they not sure God can take care of. But there ain't ne nothing that a son or daughter of God that's born of the Holy Ghost will ever face that they can't believe their God is bigger than it all. &gt;&gt; And even if he wills not to, they still praise him because they said, "Well, I know he could. He just didn't want to. It just wasn't his will." So they're not defeated whether he does it or whether they don't. Oh, hallelujah. Why? because they are supernatural &gt;&gt; from the soul. Notice again, I believe that man when he's born of God, he becomes the son of God. The supernatural power of God dwells in him. We have a supernatural God. We have a supernatural life. We have I believe that many that's born of the supernatural spirit believes in the supernatural. Listen, it's your supernatural realm. We got a supernatural resurrection. We got a supernatural heaven. Oh, praise the Lord. We'll have a supernatural rapture. I believe the whole thing is built around the supernatural. Then why, children, could we not believe that God could heal us when we're sick? Why would we believe God cannot deliver us of a besetting sin that we've been fighting for years? Yes. &gt;&gt; If a man's born of the spirit of God, he believes in the supernatural. He can't help it. &gt;&gt; So, does it sound like to you that he's sitting around trying What are you doing? I'm trying to believe. I'm trying to believe. If you're born of the spirit of God, you can't keep from believing. &gt;&gt; You can't keep from believing even when it makes no sense why godliness is displaying itself in the supernatural realm of your soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A man born of the spirit, he believes in the supernatural. He can't help it because he's the son of God. That's the reason tonight we've got so many old cold formal indifferent god forsaken backsliden churches because men and women are not born of the spirit of God. They have no taste of God. Lord, don't never let our church become that. You've got to get the man right in his heart first before he can believe. &gt;&gt; He ain't got nothing to believe on. &gt;&gt; Now, I want you to notice that he doesn't just say with that. He has nothing to believe with. He has nothing. Two parts. Nothing to believe with and nothing to believe on. &gt;&gt; We mean on. It's a deposit of God in your soul and on that is where you stand and it brings the wis. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. Thank you Lord. He ain't got nothing to believe on. He ain't got nothing to believe with. But you take any divine promise in your heart and say that's my personal property. It belongs to me. I am a believer and accept it on that basis. And watch what it'll do. It'll make cancers move. Have we seen it with our own eyes? It will make cancers move. It'll make blind eyes come open. It'll make cripples walk. It'll make the deaf hear. I know what I'm talking about. For I put it to a test to an experience now for years and years around the world. And the whole world knows about it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Hang on a few more minutes on this ride, shall we? Deity itself lives in every believer. &gt;&gt; Every man that's born of the spirit of God is a part of God. No wonder he believes in the supernatural. No wonder he can believe in anything. Why is it in him is a portion of God wrapped up in that mortal body. Oh, hallelujah, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Let me skip on Daniel down here in the inner veil. Let a man or a woman that don't believe in the supernatural, let a man or woman that can't believe the days of miracles, let them hide behind the holiest of holies and the veil of God's son. Here's the veil &gt;&gt; that must drop behind you. Oh. Oh, Lord. When I found this Friday, I was sitting standing. I thought, "Lord Jesus, how have I missed this?" When the veil of God's son will drop between them and the world, this is why you cannot go back to the world because the veil God is standing between you and the world. There's no way back. You have no desire to go back anyway. God's son fell between you and the holy and the holy place. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. And the veil of God's son will drop between them and the world. And less than 24 hours, they'll believe every word of God's word is the truth. less than 24 hours. Well, I sure don't understand people that's been around for 24 years and they still don't believe it. Or 34 years or even four years. Come on, somebody. If we ever get in there and let the veil of God's son drop behind us, oh my, before the breaking of another day, we will be a changed person and the devil will be screaming down in hell. Oh no, another one. Oh no, another one. Another one born of God. another offspring of God. [Applause] And if anyone that knew that God always dwells in supernatural because God himself is supernatural and his children which are his offspring is the nature of their father. They also believe in the supernatural. So if they cannot believe in the supernatural, then the spirit of God is not in them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Dominating dominating their life. God is supernatural. Amen. &gt;&gt; And this supernatural power just ain't limited to the preachers in the message. &gt;&gt; It's in every son or daughter of God. &gt;&gt; Don't make no difference how color your skin is, how much money you got, your wealth has nothing to do with that. &gt;&gt; It has to do with almighty God depositing, quickening the seed in you by the spirit word. And he pulls you in behind the veil. His son. So his son is standing there. Lord have mercy. His son is standing there between you and the world. &gt;&gt; You'll never be a sinner again. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Truly, there is a point of no return. &gt;&gt; Esau reached that place. He could never come back. A nation reached that place. in 1956. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. They think revival is going to break out because of Charlie Kirk, not a God-given revival. &gt;&gt; Revival don't come by a man being assassinated because he stand for what he thinks is right. &gt;&gt; Revival comes by the son of God paying the price already. &gt;&gt; Come on now. Some of you Republicans, don't get mad at me. Revival is not brought by Charlie Kirk. It ain't brought by Donnie Reagan. It ain't going to be brought by Ron Spencer. Revival comes when the sovereign God sends revival. &gt;&gt; And revival for America is over and done with. &gt;&gt; But I don't believe a revival for word of life is done. I don't believe where the revival for Donnie Reagan is done. I believe I can live in that presence of God and I can hallelujah while the world is dying. And a lot of the message folks may want to die, but it don't mean that we decide to die. It simply means we have a an oasis in the middle of the desert. Are we in a dry time? Yes, we are. But I believe our church, our life, our glory to God, our message can be an oasis in a dry, barren desert. What about it, children? Do you want to wander around in the desert? Or do you want a revival in your soul that stirs you to the love of God that stirs you to virtue and brotherly kindness and the love of God and make you so much like Jesus that when Jesus come he will take you in the rapture? [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. to be like God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's bear us together. Oh God, heavenly father. Oh Jesus, we need you so much today. Lord, I pray for every man, woman, boy, and girl that's in this visible audience, but for those also, Lord, that are streaming or we'll go back and archive this service. Lord, I believed it for a long time that one reason a lot of folks around this message have such a hard time overcoming is because they've never yet entered into that secret place. They believe the message. They believe this prophet was sent from you and they want to go to church and they want to pay their ti and they want to do a lot of good things. But still, there's something there, Lord, that hinders them from living the completely surrendered life that they want to. I pray, Father, in the name of Jesus, you, that great pillar of fire who come down on the day of Pentecost, may you come into this place today. Lord God, we believe you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. We know what happened on the day of Pentecost was not just just for Peter and James and Mary and those 120 on that day, but we believe it's for you and your children, them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. Now, we know we have no other record in the New Testament when the Holy Ghost fell on any other people that they actually saw the pillar of fire dividing itself. We have no other record in the book of Acts that tongues of fire set upon each of them. It happened that one spot and as far as we know historically and from the scripture, it never happened quite like that again. which shows us the significance was not them visible licks but rather the invisible licks which went inside their soul. So when it fell at Cornelius's house, when it fell when Paul went to Ephesus there and preached at the upper coast of Ephesus, when it fell in the different places, there's no no scripture mentioned that visible licks of fire set upon them, but they received the Holy Ghost, which is the invisible licks of fire. So, Father, it don't hap have to happen exactly today for us where we'll see licks of fire in everybody's head. If you want to do that, sure, you can do that. But we know one thing. The main thing we need is them invisible licks to come down inside of our soul and deposit the supernatural God himself. It won't eliminate our battles. It won't eliminate our trials, but it'll give us astronaut power from within our soul to deal with him in a way that we never knew was possible. Oh Lord Jesus, we're not living in the horse and buggy days. If these people were to leave service today and have to stop by a gas station to get gas for their vehicle and they would see an Amish guy or a Menite guy and there he was in his buggy and his horse and he had his his horse's mouth open and he had that gas pump that we put in our car stuck in that horse's mouth. We'd want to report that guy for animal abuse. Why? Wrong fuel for the wrong power. What will he have? He'll have a a bag where he can put over his head with oats in it. The power matches the animal. Hallelujah. Luther's lived his day. The days of buggies is over. Airplanes, Pentecostals, them days are over. Now we're in the days of astronauts. But Lord, we'll never be able to put this spaceship into the air if we just hang a bag of oats on it. &gt;&gt; Or even Lord, if we try to take regular gasoline and put it in the spaceship, it'll never fly. So our our spacecraft cannot be powered with Pentecostal gasoline. It must be rocket fuel. Rocket fuel. Oh, petrol works fine for our cars, our trucks. Yeah, it works fine. It's what it's made for. It worked fine for Pentecost, the restoration of gifts. But a repeat of that is not going to bring the bride the revival she needs. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; we've done seen what your prophet has told us about them gifts. He said, "Where there's gifts, there's confusion. And where there's gifts, they bring division. I hate to say it, Lord, but I saw it when I was in Pentecost. I'm seeing it again in the message. It's divided us. Preachers weren't even preaching no more together. Preachers won't hardly speak to one another. What's divided us? Who ever thought it? It would be the gifts again. Preachers that used to be so close and their church is so close, but not no more. Why gifts divided us? The prophet told us the reason why. He said, "If we lay aside all the gifts till we get perfect love, then the gifts would come after the perfect love and would have perfect gifts." &gt;&gt; So instead of seeking for perfect love, we've sought after the gifts because we got impatient. It's a it's a righteous desire. We want to move with God, but we want it so bad that we've overstepped the steps up the pyramid. and preachers preaching against one another, taking texts and preaching against this preacher and that preacher and this church and that church and bashing one another. And Lord, you know how we need each other in this day. It's divided young people. It's divided families. It's divided friends. It's been friends for years. Why? It's not being manifested in perfect love. Error. I see this. I saw that. The Lord told me this. The Lord said that. The Lord said that. And then the law these the Lord says ain't come to pass which we know you never say anything that don't happen. Oh God help us. Lord began with the preachers. As I sent Carol a quote yesterday where brother Bram said I'm not pointing this to the leoty now talking about that. He said but it's the preachers fault. It's the preachers. Help us preachers Lord God. Help us, Father, that we can be so filled with your power that we'll not only pray for the sick, but we'll love those that speak against us with a perfect love. Praise be to God. Would you mind laying your hand on that person standing beside you there? Hallelujah. How many will say before God, no one looking around now, please with your uplifted hand, Lord, I need more of you in my life. I need more of these virtues, Jesus. Oh, you've answered prayers for me. Father, I've seen this and that and the other, but Lord, I I know I don't have the love that I need. I don't have the patience that I need. I don't have the brotherly kindness, the godliness. I see after this today, Lord, I I I need to live in a more supernatural realm. I've been trying to overcome these things in my life. I've had the wrong understanding, but I need to let your power from within me dominate my life. So, all I need to do is let go and let God, heavenly fathers, who have our hands laid one upon the other. I'm praying for all of them today, Lord. I wouldn't have the physical strength to be able to pray for all of them. But I pray, dear God, that you'd go. May your anointing and your presence be able to minister through the hands of these sons and daughters of yours as they're praying for one another. Lord, maybe some of them have struggled with this besetting sin or this wrong or this sickness or whatever it is that they're dealing with in their life and they wondered, but today they've heard. They have heard something. It's going to be a key to the door in their life. Lord Jesus, we need you like never before. I confess it before you, Father. I once was young as David said. Now I'm old. But Lord God, I'll have to say I've never seen you not fulfill your word. But Lord, even though I'm an old preacher, an old man, I'm still not to the place that I can't be taught and I can't learn and I can't be corrected. So, Father, I desire to know more about you, Jesus. I want more of you through my life. Lord, I thought when I got to be an older man, everything would be a lot easier. I'm under more stress and pressure and pull and everything in the world than I've ever been in my entire life. Lord, talking to some of the preachers down at the men's meeting the other night, just hearing them and them the same way, dealing with some of the same stuff. And we know it's around the world and your children here today would say the same thing. They're dealing with so many things in their home, on their job, in school. Oh Lord, we need you like never before. Father, we realize what we're dealing with is a supernatural on the other side. What's causing all this rebellion? What's causing all this protesting in our nation? What's going on, Lord? It's the manifestation of the supernatural on the other side. pre-tribulation anointing is coming on the earth. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Lord. And here the United Nations meeting just this week in New York City. And when Benjamin Netanyahu got up to give his speech, a great mass of those representatives from the around the world got up and walked out. And the majority of those nations voted to give statethood to a Palestinian state. And then this morning I read where 47 of our politicians here in America, Democrats, pleading with our president to recognize a Palestinian state. I don't care. I ain't Democrat and Republican. Makes no difference to me. It's just the fact of it. What is it, Lord? It's the pre-tribulation anointing that's coming on the earth &gt;&gt; to come against Israel. And as we watch them so we can see the bride. Lord, sometimes we pray and read our Bible and it seems our prayers go no higher than our head. We read our Bible and we struggle and we struggle. Lord, oh, it's so much easier and we get so much more out of our smartphone than we do the Bible. Oh yeah, we're addicted to our phones. It can't ding or buzz or whistle or whatever it does and we have to grab it immediately and look at it. And yet we have your Bible on our phones. And do we look at it? Help us, Lord God. &gt;&gt; We need you, Lord Jesus, in this hour. Father, we desire to be a supernatural people that overcomes by this great power living in us. We know, Lord, the difference between this inward life and the anointing is so vast. You never overcome by the anointing on you. You overcome, oh hallelujah, by that great virtue of who you were and what was there in your commission and in the promise given to you in sunship. If you would have overcome with the anointing, then you could have never overcome death cuz your prophet tells us in forsaking all that the anointing left you in the garden of Gethsemane. You did not die feeling it. You felt it. All right? pain, agony, sorrow. Oh Jesus, help us today. Father, I pray. We love you, Lord God. We worship you, Jesus. Can we just raise our hands, saints? In the presence of the Lord, there sing something. Let's just worship him now. Close your eyes. Open your heart. Maybe God spoke to some of you today and helped you to realize you do not have the Holy Ghost in your soul. You thought maybe for a long time you did or maybe you've questioned whether you did or not. But maybe you've heard something that let you know you're missing something. You're missing something. Hallelujah. You can receive it right here today. It's not necessary for you to come to the altar. You can if you wish to, of course. Well, I'm going to tar for the Holy Ghost. You don't need to. You don't have to tar. that God do is open your will and give everything you are to him and let him move from your spirit if that's where he is over into your soul and make you one of his offspring this morning. Hallelujah Jesus, we worship you, Lord God. Father, I can preach to them. I can pray for them. I can counsel them. I can try to do everything I can. But now this moves out of the hands of any man. This moves even out of the the desires and the wishes of their pastor. Oh, I want every one of them to be filled with the Holy Ghost. Every young person, &gt;&gt; I want their lives so dominated by the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; But I can't give it to no one. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, would you come down, Father? as you did there on the day of Pentecost, as you did at the upper coast of Ephesus, as you did at the household of Cornelius. Hallelujah. Father God, fill your people. &gt;&gt; Lord, I believe with all of my heart there's people who genuinely here have the Holy Ghost, but maybe they feel like I do today. Lord, they need to refill him. Oh Jesus, we know the apostles gathered there just not not long after the Holy Ghost fell initially and they gathered and prayed and here you come again. Oh God, I pray for those who have the Holy Ghost. May there be a refilling, oh Lord, praise be to God. For those who need healing, oh yes, may the healing virtue flow through the bodies. We worship you, Lord God. We worship you, Lord God. Whatever you have in need of now, friends, open your hearts to the Lord Jesus. Just tell him what you need. Lord, I need a refilling. Lord, I I need the Holy Ghost. Lord, I I need I need healing in my body. Lord, I need a move in my finances. You see, Father, we're we're in a we're in a mess. I need to move, Lord. Lord God, I need to move in my my walk with God. Lord, I I haven't felt anything for a long time. I'm getting I can't feel empathy. I can't feel sympathy. I can't feel the presence of God. It's like I'm just numb. Lord, pass by my way today, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Lord God. We magnify your name, Father. Lord, this presence we worship you. &gt;&gt; Come today, Lord Jesus, I pray. &gt;&gt; Touch the hearts of your children. Lord, &gt;&gt; give us that which we have made. Oh, Lord. We need this more than our our our meal that we're going to eat after a while. &gt;&gt; We need this more than our car, more than our house. &gt;&gt; Even more than our jobs. &gt;&gt; Help us, Father. I pray in the name of Jesus. Lord, some of them lost their joy. Restore their joy today, Lord. Some of them, Father, to burden down with the things of life. Help them, Lord God. Lift them, dear Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah, Lord God. &gt;&gt; We worship you, Father. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We bless your name, Lord God. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh, let's love him, saints. Let's just love him together. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Father. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah, Jesus. Let the angel of the Lord move to this place today, Lord God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. May sickness see him stand in there and back off. May disease see him stand in there and back off. May the blood of the Lord Jesus come through this place today, Father. Hallelujah. May oppression leave the children of God. May sadness leave them today, Father, in the name of Jesus. I bless you, your hand. Do it, children. Do it. Give yourself to him. Don't give him half of yourself, a third of yourself. Give him your all. You can use me, Lord. Give myself away. Hallelujah, Jesus. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a livinging sacrifice. All my dreams and all my plans. Lord, I place him in your hands. I give myself away. Sing it out, children. Oh, hallelujah. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, the rest of my life it's in your hands. Lord, I long to see your desires be revealed and healing. I give myself away or just love him. Just love him all. Thank you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; You can use me. I give myself away. &gt;&gt; I do, Lord. I give myself away so you can me. We got this prayer request here for Sister Linda Jablonska. She was taken to Sycamore Scholes to get checked out for blood pressure dropping and dizziness. Let's join together right now for our sister. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, you see dear God what this is with Sister Linda. We're praying for our sister right now. Lord, we agree together as the saints of God. And we pray move for her, Lord. We don't just pray that you would eliminate the symptoms, but rather you would go to the cause. Whatever's causing this low blood pressure in the name of Jesus, may it leave her now. Father, in Jesus name, I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. My life is not my own. To you I belong. Lord I give myself I give myself to you. My life is not my own to you. I belong. Lord I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is on my own. To you I belong. Lord I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. [Music] My life is not my own to you. I belong. Lord I give myself I give myself to you. My life is not my own. To you I belong. Lord I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. [Music] I enter the holy of holies. [Music] I enter by the blood of the lamb. I enter to worship you only. I enter to honor. I am so I worship [Music] you. [Music] My wordship [Music] you [Music] Lord I worship you. Oh, I worship [Music] you for your name is holy, holy, [Music] Lord, for your name is holy. Holy, [Applause] holy, [Applause] Lord. [Music] I enter the holy of holy. I enter through the blood of the lamb. I enter to worship you only. I enter to honor. I am Lord. I worship [Music] you. Oh, I worship you Lord. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. For your name is holy. You are holy [Music] Lord for your name is holy. You are holy Lord for your name is holy. You are holy Lord [Music] for your name is holy, holy, Lord. [Applause] I enter the holy of holy. [Music] I enter through the blood of the lamb. [Applause] I enter to worship you only. I enter to honor. I am Lord. I worship you. I worship [Music] you, Lord. I worship you. Lord, we worship you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your name is holy, holy, holy, Lord. You're holy, Lord. Hallelujah for your name. You are holy. You are holy. Oh, let the weight of your glory cover us. Let the life of your river flow. Let the truth of your kingom &gt;&gt; rain in us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let the way of your glory. Let the wind ask us father. Let it fall on us. &gt;&gt; Let it fall on us Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Let's sing the course together again. God bless you children. I love you in the Lord. &gt;&gt; I enter into the holy of holies. Go for Harry. &gt;&gt; I enter. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Enter the holy of hol of holy. I enter through the blood the blood of the father. Oh, I enter to worship you. Oh, Lord God. I enter to honor. I am. &gt;&gt; I am that I am. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, I will. &gt;&gt; Let's sing it together, children. With all your hearts we worship you, Lord God. We magnify your name. We were lost. We were wretched. You set us free. We were blind and opened our eyes. You [Music] Oh, I worship you. For your name is holy. You are holy, Lord. For your name is holy. You are holy. Lord, for your name is holy, [Music] holy, [Music] Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What a mighty God. &gt;&gt; We worship you, Jesus. Jesus is. Let's just take a few more minutes if you don't mind before we go. Oh, what a mighty God Jesus is. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, heaven and earth adore him as his people. Hallelujah. We bow before him. Oh, what a mighty God Jesus is. I want every devil in hell. Let them ever want to hear us say it. Oh, what a mighty God Jesus is &gt;&gt; mighty over your sickness, mighty over your sin, mighty over your heartaches. What a mighty God your Jesus is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heaven and earth adore him as you. We bow before him and sing. &gt;&gt; What a mighty God. &gt;&gt; What a mighty God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Somebody help me sing it. with all your heart. What a mighty God. [Music] What a mighty God. My Jesus is &gt;&gt; Jesus is that devil. &gt;&gt; Jesus is mightier than you. Oh, what a mighty God. &gt;&gt; I know Jesus. &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. Thank you Lord God. Thank you Lord God. We worship you today Jesus. We bless your name Lord God his people his bride. We bow before you. What a mighty God. Jesus. Jesus is my Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh father, &gt;&gt; thank you for the opportunity to come together today. Thank you for your presence, for your word. May we walk out of these doors different people than the way we came in. We worship you, Jesus. We adore your name. Oh, we may feel sort of like the little Chinese woman as it was told years ago when she first heard the gospel and she went back to the little village where she was from and her life was changed. But she heard so much stuff just in that one little experience that she had. She couldn't remember your name. So she went back to the preacher who was still there and she said, "Sir, I I experienced something that night and something changed me, but I can't remember the name of the one you told me died for me. Would you tell me his name again? &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus, we're not tired of hearing of it. We worship you today, Father. Oh, I've raised my hands, no doubt, thousands and hundreds of thousands of times since I got saved. I've praised you. I've blessed you. But in reality, I'm just getting started. For through eternity, we will be adoring and worshiping and blessing your name while we live through the ceaseless ages. And there will be no time. Lord God, we worship you today. Thank you for what you've done for us. We love you today, Lord Jesus. Go with your children now, Lord. Bring us back at the appointed time. Hallelujah. Thank you father. Thank you father. They told me love sweetest old story. They told me of a wonderful name. [Music] Oh, it thrilled all my soul with its glory. [Music] Thank God it still burns in my heart like a flame. They told me of one who so love me. Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad? that in heaven he could not remain. Oh yes he did. So he came down to seek and to save me. Somebody won't you tell me his name again. Have a sing it together everybody. Oh, tell me his name again. His name is Jesus and sing me that sweet refrain. You imagine when they gather their friends and millions of voices will start worshiping and praising and blessing that holy name from above to die on the cross of shame. Help me sing it now. Oh glory this story. God bless you in the Lord. The fear of God has stirred. Oh, it's the sweetest that I've ever heard. It banishes fear and brings hope and cheer. Oh, tell me his name again. [Applause] Oh, tell me his name again. His name is Jesus. Oh, sing me that sweet refrain. [Music] of him who in love came down from above to die on the cross in shame. Glory. My heart has been stirred. [Music] Oh, the sweetest that I've ever heard. [Music] It banishes fear, brings hope and cheer. Oh, tell me his name again. Sing it as you go this morning. Oh, tell me his name again. and sing me the we refrain [Music] of him who in love came down from above to die on the cross in shame. Hey, [Music] the story my heart has been stirred. [Music] The sweetest that I've ever heard. It banishes fear. Brings hope and cheer. Oh, tell me his name again. Oh, tell me his name again. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
