################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - Getting In The Spirit Pt. 170 - Donny Reagan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-07
Title:   Getting In The Spirit  Pt. 170
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opht9bTyge4
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Storms rage high, the dark clouds rise. They won't wear me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not of earth shall harm me. Oh for I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Aren't you glad that you are tonight? Don't let the storms rage high. The dark clouds rise. They won't weary me. For I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and none of earth shall harm me. All for I sheltered in the arms of God. Let's sing about it now. Thank you, Lord. Handsome kind and tender. They're leading me in paths that I must. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. I have no glory. Sing it to him, church. Jesus walks beside me and I'm sh. Praise the Lord to praise the Lord. The arms of God. Sing it now. So let the storms rage high. The dark clouds rise. They won't weary me. For I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not shall harm me. Oh, I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Oh yes, we're sheltered in the arms of God. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that you are tonight? Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise if you love him. Amen. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to be in the house of God tonight. How many of you enjoyed service here on on the weekend? Wasn't it wonderful? How many of you appreciate the word of the Lord? Oh, we're just we're learning great things. We're learning things that we can apply to our life every day that we live in this earth. Amen. Praise the Lord. Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him in the house of God tonight. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to be here. So glad to have each and every one of you here. If we have visitors tonight with us, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you here. All those that would be streaming locally and around the world. We want to say God bless all of those folks as well. Could we give all these people a good hand tonight if you will? Praise the Lord. We're going to look at our prayer requests tonight and we have a card of thanks from uh Mabel. Maybel Mabel School over in Zionville, North Carolina. This is some folks that uh received some help from Word of Life Church. What a blessing you all have been to the children and families in our community. Among all the destruction and loss, there has been so much goodness to be found. You are making a difference by doing the Lord's work. We appreciate you. Our school community is so grateful for you and your church family. Love all of us at Mabel. Give those folks a good hand tonight if you would. Amen. You never know who you're reaching out and touching, do you? You just never know. Prayer request tonight. The Bakers want us to remember one of their neighbors, Lisa Kennedy, who's been very sick, needs a healing touch from the Lord. Want to remember brother uh brother Marcus Turner's brother in prayer, Roby Allen Turner. He suffered a stroke, been very very sick. Want to remember him tonight as we pray that God would be mindful of his situation. Brother Matt Carter wants to thank everyone for their phone calls, cards, and most of all for all of your prayers. He is feeling much better and is looking forward to being back in service with us soon. Somebody say, "God bless brother Mack." God bless. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Janet Kennedy isn't feeling well tonight. Needs a healing touch from the Lord. Would appreciate your prayers. Also, Sister Janet's brother is having a knee replacement surgery on Thursday. Please pray that the surgery will go well and he will have a speedy and complete recovery. So, we want to remember that prayer request tonight. Joy Henley called to request prayer for her daughter's her daughter Elizabeth's newborn son named Cooper. He was born on Sunday, May the 4th, prematurely, weighing only 2 lb and 11 ounces, is currently in the uh intensive care unit at the Johnson City Medical Center. Your prayers for both the baby and the mother's well-being will be greatly appreciated. So, we want to remember those folks tonight as we pray tonight. Sister Brandy Anthony says to please continue to pray for my sister April Wiser. So, we want to remember that prayer request tonight. All the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's there's needs in our group tonight, but I'm glad that we we got somebody we can take them to. And he cares about your problems. He really does. You may think you're going through everything alone, but you're not cuz Jesus Christ cares for you. And God's people cares for you. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Let's stand to our feet tonight if you will. Brother Harry, can you sing the second verse to that song? We're sheltered in the arms of God. What a what a consolation you and I have tonight. Don't deserve it. Didn't do nothing good to earn it, but because of his mercy and his grace, he loved us and reached down and brought us out. Are you glad for that tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Well, give him another good hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. Thank you, buddy. I shall hear the call from heaven's corridor. Amen. Come home my child. Oh, come home my child. It's the last mile you must draw. Hallelujah. I'll fall. All will fall asleep and wake God new. Shelter say within the arms. I want you to sing it like you believe it tonight. So let the storms raise high. The dark clouds rise. They won't weary me. For I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and shall harm me. Oh, for I've sheltered in the arms of God. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." God bless you tonight. Brother Malachi, come tonight, buddy. Lead us to the Lord in prayer. on behalf of all these prayer requests, we just want to commit them unto the Lord knowing that we that's the greatest place we could put them is in his hands. Amen. Love Brother Malachi, don't we? Amen, buddy. Appreciate you. God bless you. Amen. Let's just take these to the Lord. Dear Lord, we thank you for another opportunity to come into your house, Lord. And how what a moment it is to to come into your presence. And Lord, may you just be able to feel welcome to come here tonight. Use the minister in a mighty way. Lord, anoint him to speak the words of life to us that we need to hear. Lord, you're the only one that can speak to all of our needs here tonight. And no, it couldn't be a job for a man, but it's a job for you. And Lord, these prayer requests is a job for you. Lord, we give them unto you to to just take the needs of the ones that were spoken and the ones that were not spoken. Lord, all the from the ones of the hospital to the ones that are at home, Lord, to the ones that are here in this building, Lord, we ask that you would just take them and take them into your heart, Lord, and care for the people in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Users, if you want to come at this time, we'll receive the evening offering. You give us unto the Lord once again, if you're visiting with us, God bless you. Glad to have you. We're going to sing a song tonight. Why should we worry? Why should we care? Because Jesus Christ is in control. Do you believe that tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Let's sing it tonight with all of our heart. Out on the water, storms raging high. Waters around them had trouble their mind. Oh yes. Fear in their hearts. They thought they would die. They failed to remember the master was. Oh, thank you, Lord. He spoke the words. The wind all stood still. Oh, yes, he did. Even the water was his way. Praise the Lord. He calmed their storms just like he would mind. If I'll just remember it lives deep inside. Why should I worry? Why should I fear? Very same Jesus is always near. Lives in my heart. He hears when I cry. I'll call on his name. Till the storm passes by. We read in the Bible. Oh, thank you, Lord. He walked with them. Glory brought light to their darkness. When the way was so deep, Hallelujah. How great it would be to have his steps laid. To walk with a master all of the time. Thank you, Lord. When trials come, oh yes, and that seems so nice. I call on the master. He said he'd be there when I'm in trouble. Lord, my body's in pain. Oh, sing it to him to do is call Jesus name. Why should I worry? Why should I fear that very same Jesus? Oh, he's always here. He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I'll call on his name. The storm passes by chorus. Why should I wear? Why should I fear? Very same Jesus. He's always near in my heart. He calls his name. Glory till the storm passes by. We read in the Bible. Yes, we do. How he walked with them, brought light to the darkness when the way was soaked in. Oh yes. How great it would be to have his steps lead him out. to walk with a master. All of the time when trials come. Thank you, Lord. And that seems so nice. I can call on the master. He said he'd be there on time. When I'm in trouble, my body's in pain. Hallelujah. All I have to do is call Jesus name. Oh, why should I worry? Why should I fear? The very same Jesus is always here. He lives in my heart. He hears when I cry. I'll call his name till the storm passes by. Why should I worry? Thank you, Lord. Why should I fear? Hallelujah. There is Saint Jesus. He stays always near. Thank you, Lord. He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I call on his name till the storm. Till the storm till that storm passes by. That old storm passes by. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. Singers, if you'll come on to the platform. Brother Marcus, Brother David, if you come on to the platform tonight, let's sing a little chorus as they get ready to sing. By and by when the morning comes. Amen. Let's see if we can sing a little bit of that tonight. Oh, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathering home, we will tell the story how we overcome. We're going to understand it better by and by. Oh yes. Now by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathering home, we will tell the story how we overcome. We're going to understand it better by and by. I sit down by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathering home, we will tell the story of how we overcome. We're going to understand it better by and by. Amen. You can be seated tonight. Give our singers a good hand as they sing. Brother Marcus, good to have you with us, buddy. Thank you for being here. It's a nice drive today. Thinking about coming [Music] home. When it was dark in my heart, he brought life to me. A child of darkness became a child of light. When my soul was so dry, Lord, I needed a drink. The waters of life you became to me. I You said to me, I am alpha. I am omega. The in [Music] between. I [Music] am. You said to me. And I'll be what it takes to reach your [Music] needs. You are the widows crews of oil and old Elijah's me. A shelter for brother Noah. [Music] A shepherd for the sheep and in the fire. You are the fourth man. And a cloud by day, a fire by night for your children just to lead the way. [Music] Oh, you said to me I am alpha. I am deep in [Music] between. You said to me and I'll be all it takes to meet your need. Lord, I am. You said to me, I am the bread of life. Just take and eat. Lord, you said to me, and I'll be what it takes to reach your knee. Oh, I [Music] am Lord. You said to [Music] me, I am the bread of life. Just take and [Music] eat. You said to me, and I'll be what it takes. to meet your needs. You are the winds cruise of oil. You are Elijah's meat, a shelter for brother Noah, a shepherd for the sheep in the fire. You are the fourth man and a cloud by day. A fire by night for your children just to lead the [Music] way. You said to me, I am the bread of life. Just take and eat. [Music] Lord, you said to me, I'll be what it takes to meet your need. And I'll even go by way of Calary. [Music] [Music] [Music] Y'all can help me sing this. [Music] You want to put the words up there for him? Thank you for the cross, [Music] Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace. Oh worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. Crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. Oh high and lifted up. Jesus son of God. The darling of heaven crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid, bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail care hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the darling of heaven, [Music] crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for this cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love Lord. We thank you for the nail pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is a lamb. Oh, seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. Oh high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God, the darling of heaven, [Music] crucified. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. How many believes that? How many also believes that that worthy lamb spoke to part of his church age people that were redeemed and he said to them, "You are worthy." Amen. You shall walk with me in white for you are worthy. There's only one way that's possible is that the worthy one made you worthy. That's right. So, I ask you, brothers, if your wife um she's broken down on the side of the road and you have to go get her, inconvenience yourself, take off your work, uh lose a little bit of time, maybe even lose a little bit of money. Are you going to torment her the rest of her life? Or do you think she's worthy of such love? Yes. One of these days before we go on the rapture, I believe the bride will eventually get to the place to where she'll be able to realize she is not the church. And she will be birthed into an understanding that he gave her this grace. That's right. He gave her this mercy. Amen. He gave her this love and he deems her worthy of it. Not within herself, but because he made us worthy. There's such a great difference between true humility and Satan hiding himself behind what people think is humility. And it actually makes us as Christians rob the Lord Jesus of what he's done for us. I don't mind telling you if Carol said that to me every day. Donnie, I'm not worthy to sleep in the same bed as you. I'm not worthy to live in the same house. I'm not worthy to ride in the same car. I'm not worthy to drive in your truck. Let me ride in the back. I'm not worthy to eat with you. Whenever we go out to eat, I'll sit at another table. I'm a very patient man. But if she did that for a couple of days, I'm going to say, "Woman, what is wrong with you?" I mean, we've been married, you know, since back in Noah's day almost. What do you mean you're not worthy? Haven't I proven how much I love you? How much I care for you? What more does he have to do? What more does he have to do? Amen. I don't know how you feel about it. He don't have to do anything else more for me. I just want to receive what he says. Amen. Amen. He has made us worthy. We are recipients of his grace because he deemed it so. Praise the Lord. And the church said, "Amen." And the church says, "Help me, Lord. Help me, Lord. Help me, Lord. Amen." Let's turn to Genesis chapter 24 tonight if you would. Ain't it good to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. What a great privilege it is for us once again to be assembled together on Wednesday night and to be able to worship and sing and pray and praise and hear his word. And it's just such a great opportunity every time we get to come together. And the man wondering at her held his peace to wit whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold and said, "Whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee, is a room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethule, the son of Mila, which she bare unto Nahor. She said, Moreover, unto him we have both straw and proender enough and room to lodge in. So, you're more than welcome to come into our place and bring us your message. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we open up our home, our lives, our church for your message. Rebecca knew he must have a message. He isn't just there handing out gifts just for no cause. So she said, "We got room. We have room." Yes, we have room. She said, "Moreover, unto him we have both straw and proender enough and room to lodge in." And the man, I love this. The man bowed down his head and said, "What a great servant I am. I am I am such a great guy." That this woman recognized how great I was. No, this was a true servant and he bowed down his head and worshiped. the Lord. I trust every one of us as servants to the economy of God will be able to do the same. Not only when we get there, but in the transit that we're in right now, if anything good comes out of our lives, that we will be able to say, "The Lord did it." That's right. The Lord did it. And the Lord just simply gave me strength to do what he called me to do. And then we will in turn worship the Lord. How many like to be remembered tonight as we pray? Have u several prayer clause here tonight and the Lord is mindful of these needs. So let's let's pray together. Heavenly Father, we are indeed grateful that we can bow our heads as Elear did so many thousands of years ago and worshiped the Lord. This is very sacred to me tonight, Lord. Because when I first come to you, I bowed my head and worshiped the Lord's. I would pray to God the Father, and then I'd pray to Jesus the Son, and then I'd pray to the Holy Ghost. I'm sorry I was so ignorant. But now I bow my head and I worship the one true God. Amen. An idoltor I once was but no more. We thank you for the truth of the word of God that has been restored in the last days. Satan pulled a great trick over the church for many, many hundreds of years and had them in paganism, baptizing entitles, arguing over the deity of the Lord Jesus. Some saying it was God, others saying it was just lesser God. He was only man. But you promised, I will restore, saith the Lord. There's a group of people on the earth, all over the earth actually, that have embraced the original apostolic teaching of water baptism, the correct understanding of the godhead, the deity of our Lord. We're so grateful to be a part of that tonight, Jesus. Father, you see these prayer claws that I have in my hands. I'm asking you, Lord, that you'd be mindful. Dear God, you see this sister, Lord, the report that she got this week and we're asking you for your mercy. Oh, may the hand of God just be with her, Lord. Father, for this other brother, you see this problem in his legs, his feet in the name of Jesus. May the spirit of God move for him. Then Lord, many hands are uplifted here tonight, signifying a need, a desire, a request. We pray that you'd be mindful of each of them. Help me tonight, Lord, that I can get out of the way. Speak through me the words of life to your children. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we ask it. And the saints of God said, "Amen." Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Let's read now tonight as we start from um a sermon that the prophet entitled the evening messenger. The evening messenger, Mesa, Arizona, January the 16th, 1963. Now, as I read this quote tonight, and I read from the place in Genesis that we've read from, it is very special to me. It's very, very special to me. But I honestly cannot imagine how when brother Brandham read the same scriptures that you and I have read, how much different brother Malachi must have felt for him. Because when he would read Genesis 24 and he would read about the servant sent from Abraham sent to get a bride for Isaac. It was different for him than it would be me reading it to you. It would be different than you reading it yourself. You imagine when he read that, when the spirit of God told him or whenever he was trying to find a place in the word and he said, 'Lord, if if there's somewhere someone in the Bible has been like me or I I I'm to be like them, then Lord, please let me be able to find it. and he opens his Bible and it opens up in Genesis 24, the model servant, Eleazar. Now, there's something about it when we can read the word and actually see ourselves in it. Now, if we're looking at it realistically tonight, none of us are going to see ourselves in the type of the model servant. But I do hope and pray by the grace of God, you do see yourself when you read about Rebecca, right? Because if we don't, we will never be identified in the catching away what we call the rapture. We must see ourself in the word for that proper identification to release to us the faith that we need to change these bodies. No, whenever we read this now when brother Brandon was talking about the evening messenger or now again you and I quote the title of this sermon and we've listened to it no doubt all of you have and whenever we listen to it brother Harvey you've listened to it many times you might even been there when he preached it but whenever we listen to it or read the title I I think of someone of course whenever I quote from this sermon the evening messenger. I don't just think of randomly this man, that man, that man, that man, that man. No. No. Whenever I quote this title, I think of one man in particular because he did not say the evening messengers cuz there ain't a bunch. That's right. There's only one. Out from under that one will come others who will be faithful to what he taught. And they're simply repeating what he said. And the church said, but can you imagine now whenever he stood there in Mesa and takes this reads this scripture and takes for a text from the what he read and then gives it this title and was titling it about himself, the evening messenger. But now he doesn't go in there and actually tell the people. Now look everybody, you all do know, don't you? You do know who I'm talking about tonight that I'm talking about me. No, he didn't say that. Amen. You see, he wants to lay it out in the word and then let those who have seed life be able to identify who it is. No doubt many of them sitting there in the service they didn't have a clue once he got done once he read the scripture once he entitled it they still didn't know they might have thought in their mind well maybe it's aa Allen maybe it was Jack Cole maybe it was this man it was that man some of them probably saw that little Kentucky guy standing up there brother John and thought that's him that's that man up there. That's him. Because nobody's got a message quite like quite like him. Now listen what this man, this messenger said about this in paragraph 247. Look at the little Rebecca listening to every word. Her little heart was beating and he was telling her, "Now you've sweated it out. Where will I go until I find the character?" Now remember, as he's saying these words, he could identify himself because he's in a position unlike me or any other messenger of this message. He was sent by God to be able to bring this message. Now, out of his ministry, God caused revival to strike over the earth. Can you say amen to that? Now, I know there's many men that claim that, but that's not the prophecy of the end time. That was to come from one prophet messenger. Now, watch. So he says, "You've sweated it out. Where will I go until I find the character?" Now imagine speaking this in the first person, but also speaking it in the type in the third person. So he's jumping back and forth from El Ezer to himself. Now what she said, then when I find the character, then make her stand still long enough to get her ready to go meet him. Oh my, what a striking thing. Wish we had a little more time on that clock. Get her ready. stand still to listen to his message of him. Eleazar wasn't speaking of himself, but he was speaking of the one he was sent from. Now, this is one good way that you and I can be able to identify any true messenger from God. Whether he's a prophet, whether he's an evangelist, a teacher, a pastor, apostle, whatever he claims to be, see who and what his message is about. is the bottom line wind up pointing toward him and how great he is and how he's got this and got that and got the other and how notable and how wonderful and so on and so on and so on. It doesn't really take a lot of discernment, but listen to the focal point of where his message is going to. Now I read I read a quote today where brother Brandham said that a person that would be able to have signs and wonders and miracles and he said that faith doesn't always come from a spiritual heart which is quite astounding. Be certain of God 1959 that faith doesn't always come from a spiritual heart. And then he quotes Matthew 24, how that there will be people that will stand and say, I've done signs and wonders in your name. Now watch. He said, Eleazar wasn't speaking of himself, but he was speaking of the one he was sent from, and he had the gifts to prove that he was sent from him. Now notice, he's speaking twofold. He's speaking of Eleazar in Genesis 24, but he's speaking of himself in Malachi 4. So Rebecca would be able to identify this messenger by the gifts that he had. But I want you to notice that she does not move after the manifestation of the gifts. She moves by a different pulsation than that of her brother. Her brother moves by sight. She moves by revelation. Her brother moves by a selfish motive. What he can see. But Rebecca moved by something totally different. Now, she does not make the 60 trips up and down to the well and all the things that she did because she saw the gold first. And he dangles the gold before her and her, oh my, a woman of faith and felt a pulsation similar to what Abraham felt when God appeared to him. But she did not know that because Abraham had not been around to teach her that she was born after Abraham left. So what she experienced was the same type of revelatory faith that Abraham had. Now that's the kind of daughter-in-law that you want. One that will be able to walk by the pulsation of faith. Now remember the prophet tells us that Satan will exalt the knowledge of the revelation above the revelation itself. Now this is the danger for many of the message followers now because the message has been around for so many years that many have the knowledge of the revelation and they think because they have the knowledge of the revelation that it's revelation to them. You see that's what's happened in the last few years of those who have pulled away from the message. They believed that they received a revelation. So they were Baptist, Methodist, Church of Christ, Church of God, Catholic, whatever they were. And someone gave them a book or a tape or begin to witness to them. And something moved them upon them and they thought, "Oh my goodness, this is wonderful." And they talked to them about the serpent seed or the Godhead or water baptism, whatever it was. And a little bit of light struck to pass. And they thought they had received a revelation of the message. But for many of them, all they received was the knowledge of the revelation from that person who witnessed to them. And they took that knowledge secondhanded and then someone else years later talked him out of it. But you see, if it's ever revealed to you, there ain't enough YouTube videos. There ain't enough lots and lots wives and everybody else ever talked you out of it because nobody else talked you into it. But God revealed it to you on a firsthand basis. So that's why every son and daughter of God is first generation. You realize we are not great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great grandchildren of God but we are children of God just like Peter was on the day of Pentecost is that right now watch he says that wasn't speaking of himself but he was speaking of the one sent him and he had the gifts to prove that he was sent from him amen he wanted to close her with these things. You know how he fixed her up. Now watch again in verse 25. She said, "Moreover, unto him we have both straw and proender and up and room to lodge in." And the man bowed his head and worship the Lord. Now to show a deep sense of appreciation of the divine goodness and mercy of God. Notice how this man is so linked to the power of almighty God. Now he doesn't bow his head and give thanks to Abraham. He does not bow his head and say what a great man Isaac was, but he bows his head and gives thanks to Almighty God. Now you see those of us who have a correct understanding of the message of Malachi 4, we understand that God sent a prophet, but we do not worship him. We do not deify the man. Word of life said, we do not deify the man. Praise the Lord. We thank God that God sent him to us. Is that right? But we bow our heads and thank God for sending Malachi forward to us. But he was not our God. He was not our redeemer. He was not our savior. He was our brother. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, thank God. Aren't you glad we have that balanced tonight? You'd be surprised how many people don't. And the man bowed his head and he worshiped the Lord. So he realizes where this has coming from and prayer. What is prayer? It's an acknowledgment of the favors that he received of the divine mercy of almighty God. So we worship the Lord and he give him thanks for prospering his journey hoping and believing that a further unfolding of this will take place as the events of the day unfold theirel. Now listen to me. every event that's fixing to transpire, he is watching Rebecca. These things are being set up by the divine sovereignty of God. And this messenger is watching and going to watch her reaction to further identify her that she is truly the bride. So just initially was not enough. She has to respond. She's got to say the right things. She's got to have the right behavior. So, oh my, don't you understand why the Lord's watching us every day of our life? Notice in verse 27, he said, "Blessed be the Lord God of my master Abraham, who hath not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth. Our being in the way, the capital L, capital O, capital R, capital D, led me to the house of my master's brethren. Notice he says it over and over and over again. My master. My master. My master. Now you imagine Rebecca. She is also listening to how this man is talking. She never met him before, a 16-year-old girl. And she doesn't maybe know it yet, but he knows if she responds in the right way, he's going to take her back several hundred miles from her home. She will never return again. She will never see her mother again. She will never see her brother, her father, her relatives again. So you imagine that she's listening with all the sincerity of her heart. If this man would have be to talk about how great he was and wonderful he was, you imagine she'd had an issue. Amen. And if you don't, there's something wrong with you. That's right. Now notice he goes on to say in verse 28, "And the damsel ran and told them of her mother's house these things." And Rebecca had a brother, and his name was Laban. And Laban ran out unto the man unto the well. Now remember this man, we will see him again. Jacob meets him many years later. And everybody remembers old brother Laban, don't we? Uh probably all of us have got a brother or daddy or an uncle or a grandpa or a cousin or somebody like old brother Laban and they've got their own good in mind and they don't mind who they have to use to get it. Well, come on somebody. Now what you notice in the cannon of scripture here that her father's name is not mentioned. Her father is no longer mentioned as the head of the family. So now according to Josephus and some other historians that he was quite aged now and Laban was actually going to be the spokesman for the family. So, Laban ran out of the house and out of the city of Haran and he goes to now to where the man is. Now, there's something that is motivating Laban that is totally different than the motivation that Rebecca got. So, this is after Rebecca goes home and she relates the story. But remember, Laban is not the same type of person that she is. even though they've got the same mother and the same father. And it came to pass when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister's hands. Notice his response. What is it based on? Sight. Uh-huh. So after he saw, but Rebecca didn't move after she saw. Rebecca moved after she heard. Faith don't come by seeing. Faith comes by hearing. Well, praise the Lord. You see, those who leave the message, don't you understand how it starts with them seeing something? So someone on YouTube or a friend of theirs said, "Oh, let me show you this." Brother Ram said this, "Sure." And he said it there. "Yeah, he was a human being like you and I." Uh, come on, somebody. And did did he tell this story one way and tell another? Sure. Just like most of you do the same thing. Anybody here got a 100% recall? It'd be interesting to see how many hundreds of people are tonight and you would give an eyewitness testimony of what I preached in this service. It would be amazing to hear how many different versions it would be. as I preached the sermon several years ago at the other church and brother Jim Bab received a phone call from someone and they said in this phone call they left a message on the office phone and said uh I I heard brother Donnie say that he died and that he had been dead for 4 days and that his nose had fallen in. Well, most of you all heard that same sermon. Was that what you heard? Now, the brother wasn't trying to make something up. That's just the way he heard it. Well, of course, you knew who I was talking about, right? Amen. My brother Lazarus. But somehow the brother missed this word or that word or whatever it was. So he he called to ask brother Jim bad, you know, did did brother Donnie die? He said, I wanted to give this testimony. It wasn't a testimony. I I I didn't want to give this testimony that brother Donnie had died and his nose had fell in and he was stinking and the Lord raised him up from the dead. But you see, it's so easy for things to be kind of twisted around. Anybody ever get things twisted around? But you see, the spirit of God will help us and direct us if we will let him. Now, you think of what Laban saw versus what Rebecca heard. Now, we have no scriptural reaction once he put the gold on her. Now, remember to us this is it don't really make any sense, but she knew what this meant. It was him claiming her for Isaac. Her receiving these gifts was that she had agreed to step one of a betroal. Now remember, but not so much by what she saw and going around just, oh look, look, look, look, look, you know, look at the gold, look at the gold. But look at the difference between her and her brethren. Now watch. And it came to pass when he saw the earring and braces from his upon his sister hands. And when he heard the words of Rebecca, notice hearing come after seeing. Oh children, can't you understand why? I'm trying my best to get us to word that we are not sign seekers. But signs should follow us, not us follow them. We believe in signs, do we not? We believe in wonders. We believe in miracles. But let's get them in their proper place. Let's go by hearing first and then we'll see signs. Oh my. when he heard the words of Rebecca his sister saying thus the man spake unto me that he came unto the man and behold he stood by the camels at the well. So here we see the characteristic of Laban but Rebecca showed kindness before she saw one thing. She never rendered kindness at her. So it's, you know, trading you. You did this for me. You scratch my back, I'll scratch yours. Then you scratch your my nose, I'll scratch yours. But before he done anything, she responded because there was a reciprocation from the angel of God that had already been deposited to Rebecca that would make her magnetized to this man she had never seen before. And it would be an invisible something, not to marry him now, not to take the place of her bridegroom, but simply the message that he bore and the gifts that he had. Praise be to God. Now, I want you to notice that that Nao Lab my oh look at his eye now. Is it an eye of pity? Is it an eye of love? Is it an eye of mercy? It's an eye of greed and personal accomplishment and benefit. So one thing motivated him to offer hospitality to this stranger. It was after he saw the gifts. So he decided to invite brother Brandham to his church. I mean, uh, excuse me there. Yes. After the Pentecostals saw the gifts, they wanted him to come to their churches. When he himself said he'd sent over a million souls to the Assembly of God church, they benefited by Eleer being on the earth in this generation. But so did I. I didn't get just a revival. Amen. I got a betroal to the king. Praise be to God. Thank you, Lord. You see, covetousness can make a man calculating. It can make him deceptive. And that can appear to the untaught as generosity. People that are looking for nice favors and kind words and and people will look at it for, oh, he's such a nice man, such a nice man. But his response is the goal from around her hands. He's being so nice and so cordial, but he has something in mind. Now notice what he says. Come in thou blessed of the Lord. Oh, Laban got a little bit of religion. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Come in thy blessed of the Lord. Oh my. He looks and sees the sign of blessing. But I want you to notice now Eleer picks up something about Laban. Because it was not customary to give the brother of the bride gifts. You see, there was one called the Mahar, one called the Matan, and you had to divide them. So there was a bride price and there was the bride's inheritance and it was very meticulous and who got what gift. So the servant had to be taught and who to give what the moar. You see the girls did not receive an inheritance like the boys did. So the father would give the daughter this gift to take with her on her journey. And then the friend of the bridegroom, which was Eleazar, he had to give her something, but he also would pay the bride price. The bride price it's called. So he had to know who to give it to. But he picks up on Laban that if he don't give Laban something, he could cause some problems. So out there is Pastor Rooster Laben and he's out there in the chicken yard. Of course, there's this little eagle Rebecca. And oh, here comes old Pastor Laben strutting around like a Rhode Island Red in that chicken yard. And I'll tell you one thing now. We're Trinitarian. We believe in this. We don't believe in no prophet. So he picks up on him that in order to make this work, he may actually have to use his gift on him. Now watch. He done picked up by discernment. So Eleazar must have had a gift except it wasn't a guessing gift. It was a true one. Now notice in verse 31, and he said, "Come in, thou blessed of the Lord. Wherefore standest thou without, for I have prepared the church, I I mean the house, and room for the camels. Sure. Bring your tent down here and bring your campaign here. We we we want to benefit by your blessings and your gift and your signs and your wonders, but just don't tell about that serpent seed. And don't tell us that we've been baptized wrong, but come in thou blessed of the Lord. Amen. Oh my good. And the man came into the house and he unguarded his camels and gave straw and proender for the camels and water to wash his feet and the man's feet that were with him. Now I want you to notice Eleazar is not by himself. This is your Bible. They're men with him. They are not the messenger. That's right. But they're traveling with the man who has the message. Amen. Praise be to God. Now, you would not want to send all this gold, all this silver, all these bride price, the mohar, the batan, all that. You wouldn't want to send that just by one man alone because there's a lot of thieves along the way. So, you want to send men along that can help protect the message and the messenger. I wouldn't give you a nickel for a man who says he believes this message that's ashamed to call the messenger's name. Get away from such a hypocrite. Paul said, "Be not ashamed of me, his prisoner." Come on, somebody. I'm not ashamed to tell you tonight I'll follow a God sent prophet by the name of William Mary and Bradom. I ain't ashamed of it. I ain't backwards. I ain't bashful about it. I am not ashamed. If I'd have lived in the days of Noah, I'd have said, "My messenger's name is Noah." If I lived in the days of Luther, I'd have stood right there with Luther, Wesley, or whoever more. I live in this day and I am not ashamed of the message nor the messenger. Hallelujah. Oh my. Notice him now. And there was set meat before him to eat. Notice the urgency. But he said, I will not eat. until I have given my message. And he said, "Speak on." You'd later regret that, wouldn't you, Brother Jack Moore? Brother Bram says, "I was standing there on the phone with a pair of Indian moccasinsomes on and white Levi trousers when I scheduled this meeting." That was the night that he preached the invisible union of the bride of Christ. The next day, Brother Moore and some more preachers from the church was trying to find Brother Brandham in Freeport. The guy downstairs gave him the wrong motel room number. They was knocking on the door, knocking on the door, knocking on the door. And they was going to tell brother Brandham he couldn't come back that night. You remember Invisible Union, don't you? Boy, am I glad he preached it cuz he never preached it nowhere else. Oh, Brother Moore got all upset. The preachers got all upset. Other people got all upset. It didn't upset me. It set me up. Well, glory to God. It set me up for something like I had never heard in my entire life. What was the title of that sermon? The invisible union of the bride of Christ. It started, my friends, and then and there's where he stands in those meetings and said, "Thus sayaeth the Lord." The move is on for the bride. The move is on. Well, let me just tell you, it's been going on ever since then, too. What kind of move is it? It ain't for the world. It ain't for the church, but it's for the bride, the end gathering of the elect of God. Eleer has been here and gone, but the Holy Ghost is still here getting a bride ready for a rapture to meet the Lord Jesus. Oh, glory. Yes, sir. You see, this would have been customary now for for Laban to offer this hospitality to his guest. But Abraham's servant has such an urgency to get the message out. And the nature of his message is so important that he considers eating trivial. Let's turn now to the New Testament. Book of John, chapter 3, verse 26. Let's look at another shashabin. Shashabin or the Greek word paronyymph parymph the Hebrew shashuin. And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou beareest witness, behold, the same baptizest, and all men come to him. Now watch, these are some of John's disciples. I'm not I don't know if you're aware, but this is right before just a few days before John is going to be thrown into prison. I want you to listen how they react. So, these are people that's following the prophet's message, but they haven't really caught the message. Listen, it's their petition now. They're jealous. They are so jealous for John's sake. Now watch what they're telling them. So they called him Rabbi, which is master teacher. They came to John and said to him, "Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan," which was the Lord Jesus, "to whom thou beest witness, saying, Behold the lamb of God," of course is what he said. Behold, the same baptizes, and all men come to him. Now, they are doing this because they are jealous of John and brother Jim. They don't get it. They don't get it that the transition time is now arrived, but they're going into protection mode. So, they're jealous for John. I hope somebody's hearing me tonight. That was at this first advent of Malachi 3 when the spirit of Elijah come on a man and the spirit of Elijah that was on that man said, "Behold the lamb of God." And then whenever the transition come to the bridegroom himself speaking to the bride with his own voice, then those who were still following the messengergers's flesh, they got so jealous. Oh my. And they went in protection mode. So they're rallying around John now. They've come and said, "Master, it's it's awful. It's awful. Can't you understand, master? We we've come to tell you. We hate to tell you, but it's awful. What's happened? I said, "Well, what is it? What in the world is going on?" Well, you know that that Jesus, that guy that you said, "Behold the lamb of God." He He's out there preaching now and he's baptizing and all your people are following him. Amen. And we're the only ones left. Oh, yeah. It's just a few of us. And we're the only ones. And we're we're trying to rally around you and save your position and everything. And we hate to tell you, but we just thought you'd want to know. John answered and said, "A man can receive nothing except it be given him from heaven. Ye yourselves bear me witness that I said, I am not the Christ." Amen. How much planer could it be? You imagine a prophet of God having to stand in the tabernacle in Jeffersonville and say these words. There's a dozen or more people sitting here this morning that thought I was Jesus Christ. Yeah. Now remember when that snake which he struck in the middle head in Canada tail in Georgia and he stood in the middle in the water in Jeffersonville and struck it. Then a brother turned and said it's okay. It'll be fine. And brother Bam turned around and that snake crawled in the water. Now remember he said that it was such a spirit that it bit him but the blood was too rich and it wouldn't take effect on it. That's right. Now is there anybody in this church tonight that's wacko enough to think you're God? Most of you are wondering if you're the other guy. But can you imagine this man having to deal with that spirit because he saw Jesus Christ so much in his own life? Brothers, have any of your children lately thought you was the Lord Jesus? What about your girlfriend? What about your mama? What about your daddy? nieces, nephews, cousins, uncles. There must have been something pretty great about the ministry of this man that people had a hard time knowing if it was Jesus or not. Praise the Lord. But remember, he told us, "You make me out of Christ to make me the person of the Lord Jesus." Yes, sir. They sure did. But remember, the truth was so close. They were so right. So close to being right. This is the truth. Can you get it straight now? The seventh angel is not the son of man, but he's revealing to the public the son of man, but the son of man is Christ. Yes. Can you get it separated now? It seems to be so hard for you. It's evident there's a lot of them still ain't got it separated because they're still under that deity spirit. Well, come on, somebody. Friend, you don't know how blessed you are tonight to realize what God has done and yet not idolize the gift of the man that God used to do it. Thank you. Oh my. Now John said, "You bear me witness that I said I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him." All right, John, who are you? Tell us your mystery. He that hath the bride is the bridegroom. But the friend of the bridegroom, the paronym shashbin, the friend of the bridegroom which standeth and heareth him rejoices greatly because of the bridegroom's voice. This is my joy. Therefore, it's fulfilled. And I hear his followers are jealous. They're torn to pieces. Don't you understand that brother Brandon was here and seeing that his message had went around the world? And to see that many of the message preachers are preaching, the preeminent one is not a pastor, it's not a teacher, it's not an evangelist, it's not even a prophet, but the preeminent one in our lives, in our church, and our move should be Jesus Christ. Can you imagine brother Brandham the deacons had probably already had to set him down here tonight because he never had the opportunity to travel around the world the way Paul did. Paul was able to start a church here and there and there and there and there and go back and preach in them message churches but brother Brandon never had that opportunity. He preached in Jeffersonville. He preached to the little group in Sarah Vista and he preached to the the Tucson Tabernacle rather there that brother Perry Grie started and he would preach to some of the local churches there. Can you imagine the prophet of God being able to walk into a message church and preach the message of the hour? Oh, how blessed we are, children. But saying here they were, they went into the protection mode. And somehow many of the people that are bitten by that deity spirit think they're protected. Oh my. Preachers will mess it up. Preachers will mess it up. That's why we just need to play the tapes only. That's it. That's all we got to protect it. Oh, we we just we just we we can't let nobody say nothing about it now. And been preachers will goof it up. They'll mess it up. Preachers always mess up everything. They always do. We've got to protect that. You poor, decrepit, deceived individual. That's right. Amen. Come on. You don't even believe what them tapes say. If you did, when you press play, you'd hear the prophet of God say, "You brothers are messengers of this same message that I am." Remember, Brother Brandham never come to start something new, but to restore our faith back to the apostolic fathers. My he that hath a bride is the bridegroom, but the friend, watch, watch John identifying himself. Don't y'all see who I am? He said, "I'm the friend of the bridegroom." The friend of the bridegroom which standeth and hearth him rejoicth greatly. John was able to hear. Praise God. You mean the bridegroom? The Lord Jesus. Is that what you're telling me? The Lord Jesus is now speaking to his bride. Yeah. Yeah. We heard him. We heard him. It's awful. It's absolutely awful. The Lord Jesus is out there preaching. He's filling these people with his spirit and he's speaking to men, women, boys and girls and he's preaching them and they're following him and we tried to break up that maintenance, get them to come over here back. You know, the Bible says on the book of Acts that talking about the people in that day, they had them that preached Moses every Sabbath day. They're preaching Moses and the Lord God had come to the earth. Now, the baptism of the Holy Ghost was on the earth, and they're still preaching Moses. Preach, brother. I'm here to tell you God sent a prophet, but I'm not here to tell you, my friends, that he is the way, nor the truth, nor the life. I'm here to tell you that's the bridegroom. Yes, sir. Oh, hallelujah. So, the friend of the bridegroom, Shashbin, or Periff. So now let me read to you some of the things that he's supposed to do. He was charged with the preliminaries of the marriage. He arranged the contract, acted for the bridegroom during the betroal and arranged for and preided at the festivities on the wedding day. It was a position of honor in proportion to the position of the bridegroom himself. So according to how great the bridegroom was, he would select this parony and he would give him a place of great honor cuz it represented the bridegroom. So, can you imagine the damnation that awaits people that calls our friend or the bridegroom a false prophet and a liar and deceiver? I'd rather stand before God as a drunk, as an alcoholic. Come on, somebody. I'd rather stand before God as a ranked sinner than I would some of these people that have sat around this message 20 years, 30 years, 40 years, and say the foolish things they're saying. Don't get quiet on me tonight. Oh my. So the bridegroom calls this man and gives him this honor. You are my friend. Go get me a bride. But they won't believe me. I ain't got no education. As Moses was given three signs, so you also will be given three. Oh my. He that hath the bride is the bridegroom, but the friend of the bridegroom which standeth and heareth him. Can you imagine when brother Brandham stood there in 1960 and said, "I'm here to tell you he's not coming, but he's here." Amen. My message, he says, is to forerun that coming word. when he preaches to seals and he refers to Malachi 4 and he said I can't say too much about it it's just arrived spoken words original seed 1962 he says Malachi 4 is a germatized seed word of God it has not yet at this time been fulfilled 1962 then he jumps down his report in 1965 and says the Elijah of this day is the Lord Jesus Christ, which can't be, brother Ben. As a lightning will come from the east unto the west, even so shall it be when the Son of Man comes. Then shall they see a cloud in the heavens, In Elijah's day, they saw a cloud like a man's hand. But we didn't need a man's hand. We needed head to come back. You imagine all that time after it happened out there in Arizona. And one day standing in his room, the spirit said, 1965, turn it to the right. He said, "Well, I think I'm looking at it right." And he said, "Turn it to the right." And he said, "Maybe he means turn the picture to the right." And he said, "When I turned it to the right, it was Christ in all his glory." And you imagine it had happened over two years, something like that, and he still didn't see who it was. And what was it? Hoffman's head of Christ. Not a foot, not the upper torso of the body. It was not tongues, which would have been a Pentecostal message, but it was the entirety of the head. The intelligence, not the artificial one, but the intelligence of Christ had come back to the earth. And when was it revealed in the form of the head? In n in the rising of the sun and in the Easter Seal when he goes to preaching it, the last year of his ministry. What's happening? The friend of the bridegroom, he said, now he must increase and I will decrease. Amen. Amen. But what I find so amazing is people in the message, many of them spend the entirety of their life going through their Bible looking for more scriptures that brother Brandham fulfill. And they're trying to, you know, brother Brandham's this in Revelation, Brother Bam's this over here and Brother Bam is this over there and that over there. Why? They're so jealous. Amen. And some of the scriptures that they're attributing to the prophet of God is scriptures that's the Lord Jesus and no one else. That's right. Amen. Come on, children. Yes, sir. Oh my. So, John said, "My joy came. My joy has come." Do you You all think I'm sad? You think I'm sad? You, my followers, have come to try to tell me that this message you think is awful. It's a very sign my message was the truth. I have been able to hear the bridegroom's voice, and the bridegroom is speaking directly to the bride. Amen. Is there anybody here tonight that believe the bridegroom is doing it? Now, the bridegroom, what's he doing? He's using the ministry. He's using the Holy Spirit. And the spirit of God can speak through a tape, a book. Come on, somebody. The spirit of God can use a body. That's why it's so important for us to surrender everything we are, not just the preachers. God might want to use your sisters one day to speak a word of encouragement to somebody. the Holy Spirit, the Lord Jesus himself. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. What a foolish thing it would be for the best man to try to take the bride as his own. Friends, I honestly think some of these folks that follow the message of the hour, they fell in love with El Eastern on the way back to heaven more so than they did Isaac. They talk about him more. Oh yeah, they'll acknowledge the Lord Jesus, but it's always Brother Brandham, Brother Brandham, Brother Brandham, the prophet, the prophet, the prophet, the prophet. You ever get on some of their websites and count how many times they say brother Brandham and how many times they say the Lord Jesus? You get around some of them. I've been around some of them before and just counted. Sat there. They don't know what you're doing. Of course, sat there and count how many times they talk about brother Brandham and hardly nothing about the Lord Jesus. There's something wrong with your experience with God. Brother Brandham never wanted us to praise him. He never wanted us to worship him. No true man of God wants you to worship him. He wants you to worship the Lord Jesus. He wants you to give praise and adoration and honor to the Lord Jesus. There's no preacher among us that's worthy of such a thing. Amen. Yes, sir. Praise God. So, the friend, listen to this now. The friend, the bridegroom's voice, the friend at the time of the meeting of the bride and the groom would stand just outside the door as he would hear the bridegroom, as he would speak to the bride. Now remember, boys and girls didn't run off and get married in those days. And they didn't get rebellious and say, "Well, I'm getting tired of being at home. I'm going to get engaged and I'm I'm leaving home. Mama, daddy can't stop it. That ain't the way it worked." And when the prophet talks about them vows marrying you, that's the thing he's saying. You ministers go back and look in the Old Testament laws about it. It begins in the book of Genesis and runs right on down through the New Testament. Notice what John says in verse 30. The parent is now renouncing this position that they're trying to put him in. He must increase, but I must decrease. Amen. Why wouldn't any God called man want his church to be so in love with Jesus if you never mention my name? But you've got the love of God and you love him more than anything and you love one another and you husbands love your wives more and love your children more and you wives love your husbands more and so on. What man wouldn't want such a thing? What man would not get to that place to where he said, "Oh Lord, let them and so increase in your love. Let me decrease. Let me decrease. Get smaller and smaller. Let you get bigger and bigger. Hallelujah. Can I have a few more minutes? Let's look in 2 Corinthiansap 11:2. Paul in his age, for I am jealous over you with godly jealousy. For I have espoused you. Now, Peter never said this, nor did James. Nor did John, the great man of God that saw the visions on the aisle of Patmas. Only the paran of the Ephesians church age had this authority. I have aspoused you to one husband. Look at the meaning of the word haros. to join, to fit together, to betro a daughter to anyone, to give one in marriage to anyone. Anybody here tonight deny or doubt that Paul lacked the authority to do this? So, do you think living in that church age, it would have been important to hear Paul's teachings? Amen. Now, I realize some of the people in the message, some of the preachers have got to a place they said, well, you know, Brother Bram said, "Thus sayaith the Lord." You know, Brother Bam said, "Thus sayith the Lord on on church age, and brother Bam said, thus sayith the Lord on on church order and doctrine and stuff like that, I'll take it. But if he didn't say, "Thus sayith the Lord," I ain't going to tell. Well, let me just apply that same thing to you then about Paul. Let me go back and apply it about John. John said, "Behold the lamb of God." But there's one thing missing there. John never said, "Thus sayaith the Lord." That's true. As a matter of fact, show me any instances when John preached that he ever said, "Now this is, thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord." Can anybody show me where Paul whenever he stood? Now women should not preach. 1 Corinthians 14:34 1 Timothy 2:12. I suffer not a woman to teach nor to assert authority over a man as also sayith the law. Paul never said that was thus sayaith the Lord. The Lord gave me this the other day and me and him had a spell. I tell you why. I said Lord that is so good. That is so good. Praise God. And people well brother say thus sayith the Lord. Well, you better start reading your Bible the same way, and you'll find out how few times thus sayaith the Lord is even used in the New Testament. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. So John didn't say, "I, John, saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem descended from God out of heaven as a bride adorned for husband." John never said, "Thus sayaith the Lord." Sure did. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Boy, I'll get scorched over this. That's all right. I'd rather be scorched here than burn bad later. I'm trying my best to escape a real hide frying after a while. So, if I can get my hide fried here. Praise God. Yes, sir. Notice for I have espouse you. Notice it's not plural. We, me and Peter and James and John and Bartholomew and Matthew and Mark and all the rest of us. I I have espoused you to one husband that I may present you. Look at the espousal different stage than presentation. I have past tense espoused you that I may possibly possibly future tense present you friends. How many have sat around message churches and were espoused under the message of Malachi 4, actually responded to a bride call and separated themselves from their, you know, traditions, ideologies, and all that come apart. So, oh, I love this bride message. Praise God for a prophet. It's wonderful. It's awesome. And they actually entered in under an espousal of the message of the hour. But then they turn and walk away, never to be presented. What a shame. I have espoused you to one husband that I may. A spousal is not eternal security. I know this is the way we preached it, but that's error. That's not according to scripture. That's right. Betrosal, engagement, and presentation is not the same thing. That I may present you, present, stand by, to place beside or near, Lord Jesus, to present a person for another to see. and question to bring to bring near metaphorically to bring into one's fellowship or intimacy. This is why we believe with all of our hearts, if you're going to go in the rapture in the last days, you're going to have to follow the end time message. That's right. Amen. Oh, I know some of our message preachers I heard one said some time ago, there'll be Catholics going on the rapture. There'll be Baptists going on the rapture. Some of them preachers would be better off to just quit preaching. There wouldn't be near as much damnation on their souls. Why would God choose a friend? It shows how ignorant they are of scripture. They don't even know who a prophet is. They don't even know what John quoted there. And to realize what a position then who am I? Who am I? Who's some of these other preachers to think they know so much about God? Did God give me this honor? Did God give it to any of you? No, sir. Did God give it to any of our great message preachers that's on the earth now? He did not. Amen. So who do we think we are to argue with one that God himself gave him such a place of honor? That's true. and we dishonor him by our petty ideas and theology that I may present you as a chasteed virgin to Christ. I've acted as the parony, the bridegroom's friend in bringing you to the bridegroom. But what I want to do is take you to the final feast. You understand? Paul will be the one that will present the Ephesian age. I know there's people in the in this day, oh, we don't even need no William Brandom, no Elijah stuff. I'm going to stand there with Paul. It shows again how ignorant they are. That's right. Amen. God is the one who placed you in this age. And he placed a paran in this age and you will stand for or against that par. Amen. That's good. Amen. And that paranmous either stand for or against you. That's right. I don't want him standing against me. Now, I'm going to stand there with you. But remember, God has us divided in ranks. And Joel says they won't break the rank. In other words, they won't get out of their God called position. That's right, brother. Amen. It won't be me that'll stand there with the whole bride. It won't be brother Tim. It won't be Brother Ron. It won't be Brother Daryl. We will stand with the people God's give us influence in. I will not present the bride of this age. It's not my place. That's true. Who will? Elijah. The paramin of the Leodysian age. That's true. So one day in that resurrection when the body change and we gather together and this pastor and his group and this pastor and his group and we'll all get together. Amen. Come up missing on the earth and the devil can't find you no more. And then we're all going to gather under the oposes of the paran or the friend of the Lord Jesus of this age. Hallelujah. And when the saints of God, Paul will gather his, remember when the prophet was carried beyond the curtain of time, he never said anything about seeing Paul. He never said nothing about seeing Luther. He never said nothing about seeing Wesley. What did that voice tell him? These are your converts, the ones you led to Christ. Amen. And they said, they told him this. Argue with them if you want to, but they said, "If you had not have come down here, we could not have been here." I figure they know more about it than I do. I figure they know more about than any other preacher on the earth. Come on. Amen. But Paul saw that to us. It looks so different. Why? Because we don't relate to the marriage, right? We relate to it in the western way. But the engaged woman owes her love not to the parent but to the bridegroom. Her allegiance is to one. Let me stop here momentarily. Now look at verse three. If Paul believed what some people believe about betroal or engagement, how could he say these next words, but I fear? Now Paul has already told them, I have already engaged you to Christ. You're engaged, but I fear. Look at the word. It's unbelievable. Phobia, which is where we get phobia from. Be afraid. to put to flight by terrifying, to scare away, to be struck with fear, startled by strange sights or occurrences. So if betroal is eternal security, why in the world is Paul afraid? Paul could have said, "Rejoice. Praise God. You're sealed." That's it. that man ya y'all were already in. But Paul said, "I have engaged you. I have preached sanctification to you to set yourself apart from the world. But I've started being afraid. I'm fearing." Now, he ain't fearing for Christ. He ain't even fearing for his own position, but he's fearing for them. And then he tells them and us why lest by any means as the serpent Greek lexicon Strong's number 3789 Greek word ofus the serpent who deceived was regarded by the Jews as the devil. as a certain rebbitical teacher run into one of our message sisters in a medical situation some time ago in Ohio looked at her skirt and her hair and started inquiring you Pentecostal this that and the other no she said we're not Pentecostal said are you message she said yeah we we follow the message. She said, "How how'd you know?" He said, "We study William Brandham's message." A rabbitical school in New York. He told her a lot of things, but one thing I want to tell you that he did tell her, he said, "Y'all are right about the serpent seed." Well, we didn't need him to tell us that. Our parent already told us. [Laughter] But I fear friends. Do you understand the church at Corinth? Now what had happened? A false apostle had come into the church. Paul founded that church and now a false preacher had come in the church at Corinth trying to divide and separate and sew discord and false doctrine and this and that. And Paul said, "I'm afraid. I'm afraid lest by any means as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subility. So your ah your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. Don't you understand what was happening in Corinth? Eden was reoccurring again. Do you understand? Eden has reoccurred millions of times over in churches, in families, in individuals when Satan would start working on people's minds and corrupt the simplicity of the gospel and talk them out of their position. Why in the world would he go back to Eve in the Garden of Eden? Same scenario. An engaged woman. Now remember, Adam had not yet known her. She was not yet his wife. The word translated here for simplicity simply means sincerity or singleness of devotion. So a divided heart leads to a defiled life. But singleness of devotion. Oh my. For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus whom we have not preached. Now actually Paul is saying this out of sarcasm. Now he's saying, "Okay, so there's somebody else here and they're coming preaching another Jesus and they're preaching an easier Jesus than I preached." Oh, there's a lot of them preaching that Jesus today, ain't it? Or if you've received another spirit. So if there is another Jesus and that that other Jesus must have produced another Holy Ghost. So if he's preached another Jesus and you've received another Holy Ghost, then he said another gospel, which makes sense that it would be that way, which ye have not accepted, you might well bear with him. So if he's got another Jesus and he's got another gospel and you've got another Holy Ghost, then go ahead and accept him. Oh my. Wow. Let me close with this question answers 1964. You are my children that I have begotten to Christ. Amen. I claim every one of you. I claim you tonight. I claim you all time. I always claim you as my brother and sister. You're my children. I'm your father in the gospel. Not fathers. It would be a priest, but I'm your father in the gospel. Oh, so you mean we have had another paran? I have begotten you to Christ and I espouse you to Christ. that is that's engaged you to Christ as a chase virgin. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. You stay a chase virgin. How will I do it, brother Brandham? Y'all ready? It's deep. Oh, it's so deep. It's so mysterious. It's so deep. There won't be but just a handful that'll be able to obey these next few sentences. Stay right with the word. Live clean and pure. Have nothing to do with the things of the world. My friends, this is the crescendo of the message of Malachi 4. Will there be a thousand, 10,000, half a million, 5 million, 40 million? That's up to God. But one day in the resurrection, our prophet will be raised from the dead and all the rest are raised with him. Not in a private resurrection because there is no such teaching in the scripture. And we will all gathered together on the earth and then we'll be caught up into his presence. Age by age they'll be presented. Peter, even though he's been gone for thousands of years, he still hasn't seen Jesus yet. Paul hasn't seen him. Luther's age hasn't seen him. One by one, the paranymph of the church age will stand there and present the bride of the Ephesian age. Here will walk the bride of the Ephesian age and behind Paul. Come, oh ye blessed of my father, enter into the joys of the Lord, which was prepared for you before the foundation of the world. Here will come the second age, the third age, on down, on down to the seventh. I don't care for the last group. Do you? I don't care for the last four, 500, or 600 or whatever it is is going to be back out there. And we're the very last ones right at the very end of the line. They say, "Donnie, is that you?" Say, "Yeah, Lord, I'm here. I'm getting my time. I'll be up there in a few minutes." And here we all come and we'll walk right up with our church age messenger. And the paran of the age will stand right there by the door. Glory to God. He'll stand right there by the door. the Lord Jesus and say, "My Lord, this is your bride." Can't Can't you understand why he nearly fainted in the vision when he saw the bride and then he saw the church and the church was nearly naked holding gray paper in front of him in front and behind was totally naked and he said, "Oh God, oh God, is that the best I could do. I could do. And then a voice said, "The bride must come back again." When the prophet says it that way, then he says, "Because she is alpha and omega." So he saw the church dancing to rock and roll led by witch, short hair, makeup. And then here come the bride again marching onward Christian solders. And then the very last ones right before the bride's consummation, they started looking at that church and they stepped out of line. So everybody's just h and they got and they got out of step and they got they got to look. They got their eyes off the paran. They got their eyes off the word. They got the eyes off the husband and they started watching that church cuz that church was going down screaming and they started looking at that church and they got all beside themselves. But the parent said, "Get back in line. Get back in line." What did they do? One word Christian. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Oh my God. Help me. Help these people. Help your bride around the world. Lord, there's so many things that try to pull our attention away from the word. And all of them aren't sinful. Sometimes it's just life, job things. We have to go here and go there and do this and do that and we could just get so busy, so caught up with life. Help us, Jesus. Lord God, I you know my prayer before you is constantly give me wisdom to lead your people. How can I lead them to a place that I myself have never been? Or if they want to go to my house, I could take them. If they want to go to the mall, I could take them. If they want to go to Lowe's, if they want to go to where I used to live in Kentucky, I could take them. If they want to go different places, I've been around the world, I could take them cuz I've been there, but I've never been to your city myself. I've never been to heaven as immortals. But you took your paran of this day into that dimension and sent him back down here to tell us what it was like. So it gives me confidence in what he taught us. Lord, you gave him such an honor to carry him up to such a place. No doubt it was for his benefit, but I cannot keep from believing it was for ours as well. You honored him by letting him see such things and hear such things. And Lord Jesus, may I be a faithful minister. Lord God, may I preach? Say what he said because I believe he said what Paul said. As a matter of fact, them theophanes, them souls said, "We are resting on that." Well, how in the world can we debate it here and rest on it there? Makes no sense. We rest on it there and argue it here. I believe I was part of that great crowd there. So if that was my testimony there, it's my testimony here. I'm resting on it. There's things I say and preach that he said, I don't even understand it, but I'm going to say it and preach it anyway. There's things Paul said I don't understand, but I'm going to say what he said, and you'll hold him accountable, not me. Help me, Jesus. Help me. I don't want to lead them wrong. I don't want to influence them wrong. Oh Jesus, help me to stay under the anointing of the angel of God in the last days. That angel I'm speaking of is the prophet saying, "Brother, if you think I was speaking of myself a while ago, you're wrong. But I'm speaking of the angel of the Lord in the camp." Well, the prophet of God is not here, but the angels of God are still here among us. Oh Jesus, lead us. Guide us. Send those heavenly visitors. My father, Lord, there's times we don't know which way to go, things we don't know what to do or say. We need you, my God. Help every god call man around the world, Lord, to stay true to stay humble. Satan will tempt him with arrogance to rise above the revealed word because they feel like this this needs to be said. The prophet didn't say it quite that way, but oh, it needs to be said. It's got to be said, and they'll be tempted to step beyond it one time, and once they do it once, the next time it'll be easier. Then they may say, "Well, I don't exactly agree with what he said here." And they'll they'll break over one time, and then it'll be that, and then it'll be Romans 7, and then it'll be who we should marry, and what type of marriage we should have, and then the next thing it'll be over this, and over that, and before long, they've got a whole string of things. Jesus, help me. Keep me, Jesus. Keep me true, Lord. I've done come too far now, Lord. I I I'll never be the same. Jesus, I thank you for this word. I have no desire to go back to what I came out of. I burnt those bridges, those ships, all them ways back. There ain't no way back. Amen. We're going home, Lord. and we're going soon. Praise God. And we know that it was the friend of the bridegroom that actually sent the bride's dress that the groom had bought for her. The paranymph would either deliver it himself or send a servant the day of the great union. But the bride didn't know the moment or the hour. But the servant would tell her, "Get ready." The bridegroom was still at the father's house, and he would choose the hour. Then he would tell his friend, "It's time to go." Hallelujah. And the bride was ready, dressed, and waiting. And the bride would hear it from a distance. The music, the singing, the dancing. That's the way she knew the hour had arrived. She didn't get a 24-hour notice. They didn't text her and say, "3 hours, we'll be there." She was just to get ready and sit there and wait. Praise God. Oh, I can imagine as it got close enough, the music was playing, the symbols were slashing together, the harps, praise be to God, the dancers was dancing and shouting. Here came the bridegroom and the friend of the bridegroom was walking just behind him over to one side not to get into that position of the greatest of all. And the bride would hear it with anticipation. She couldn't go raise the window. She couldn't open the door. She just had to sit there and wait. But she could tell from the sound of the music, it's getting closer and closer. Imagine that little bride had heart was erasing. It was climbing up in her throat and there she was standing with under such anticipation waiting for what? Glory to God. Then the bride would go open the door and there stood her bridegroom. Right by his side was his dear friend. The friend would reach, grab a hold to the bride's hand, put her hand in the hand of the bridegroom. He would take her across the threshold and say, "Come away, my love. Let us go to our house." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, may we lay aside anything and everything that hinders us, Lord. the shout, the voice, the trumpet. And he does all three of these things as he's he's he's descending. A shout, a voice, a trumpet, a shout to get the people ready, and the voice of him who will raise the dead and the trumpet to call them all together. Praise God. We worship you tonight, Lord Jesus. We're not here to praise the name of the paran. We're not here to adore the pastor. We're not here to uplift the evangelist that's on the field. But we're here tonight to praise the name of our heavenly broadcast who redeemed us when we were lost who saved us so much that we will never be lost again. You found us so well we will never ever be lost again. But we are yours forever. Oh Jesus. Lord, may our ears be so in tune tonight that we can hear the heavenly band as they're tuning up their instruments. Praise God. When the angels will be singing, there will be a wedding day. Not so very far away. Jesus is coming for his bride to be ever at his side. Hallelujah. One of the signs that we'll know is when we look and see there will be brother Alan McKenna, brother Homer Arnold, there'll be sister Clark saying, "Help us Jesus." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. and we'll look and see our loved ones and we'll know it won't be long. We're going to be changed. Lord God, I bless you tonight, Father. I worship you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we stand our feet not in the presence of our paran, not in the presence of our pastor or teacher or evangelist, but in the presence of our Greek king, the one who is here who has joined his bride to himself. You see, he done something just a little bit unusual and different in this day. He slipped down and he took his Juliet and took her to himself and he already pregnantated her and she's already joined together in an invisible union. And when the devil come to try to pull her away, he found her womb was already sealed. Glory to God. Glory to God. It's impenetrable. No matter how hard he tries, he tries faults, mistakes, failures, YouTube videos, this ex person that followed the message, this one, that one, the other one, and nothing can penetrate the seal cuz her womb has already been sealed and she's pregnantated with Christ own seed himself. So, we're not going to the wedding. We're going to the marriage supper of the lamb. Praise the Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord [Music] Jesus. What about an espoused bride? I'm asking you the question, are you going to be presented as a chase virgin? You imagine a man that's engaged to a woman and before the wedding night he finds out she's with child of another brother in the church or a deacon or a preacher. Do you understand that's what's happening in the ranks of the message? Some of these people that been engaged to Christ and they are pregnant with the seed of some kingdom builder. So they're more concerned about pleasing that man, that kingdom builder, than they are the Lord Jesus. If there's one person in this congregation gets spiritually pregnantated with the seed of your pastor, then I have failed you. My job in that sense is a unic. a unic that I cannot pass my seed to pregnant you. But simply to repeat the seed word of life as it passes through my lips that you don't want to be a little Donnie Reagan, a little Daryl Ward, a little brother John, a little brother Joel, but you want to be the image of Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Sing whatever's on your heart. What about it, little engaged bride? Whose wife will you be? Whose wife are you? So Rebecca's going to leave on this journey. We'll get her there eventually. There's men along the way, a servant along the way, men along the way that could pass their seat and defile her. But when she gets to Isaac and he runs out in the field and she says to the parent, "Who is this that meets us in the field?" And he says, "It is my master." The Bible says she liided off of the camel. We're not talking about a Shetland pony. We're talking about a camel that would range from 7 to 8 ft tall in between the humps. She didn't wait for steps or an elevator, but she lied off the back of the camel. Hallelujah. And the Bible says he took her into his mother's tent and she became his wife. Where's the six weeks of introduction? Where's the months of interrogation? Who you been with? What have you been doing? This servant was so trustworthy. She could go straight from his hands into the arms of her husband and love her. He did not have to interrogate him and make him vow, did you touch her? Did you do anything to her? That's the kind of pastor I want to be to my Lord Jesus so he'll not have to interrogate me on that day. All right, Donnie, give an account. What'd you do? Did you defile her? Did you try to sew your own seed? He can know me so well. He can know the rest of our preachers here so well. He just say, "Thank you, guys. You're dismissed. I'll take her to my side." Amen. Yes, sir. Oh, glory. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Remember it was typed on the Song of Solomon that he sent his own buyer B I E R which was Solomon's own couch which was made of cedar blue purple gold silver cedar overlaid deity overlaid the humanity gold speaking of deity Silver speaking of redemption. Blue speaking of the heavenly. Purple speaking of the priestly order. And little Miss Shulamite climbing up in Solomon's own couch and kind of reclining. And them guards. The Bible said every one of them, they were Solomon's personal bodyguard. and every one of them drew a sword. It would have been weeks of travel back. They would have had to take watch during the night. You imagine how inquisitive she was. So tell me, what do I do? I've never been a queen before. How am I to act? Oh, my lady. My lady. When we get near the city, they will be there to meet you. Me? They're going to come to meet me. Yes, my lady. They will come with incense, with timberals, with harps, with dancing. You imagine they got closer and closer. And the night before they told her, "My lady, tomorrow will arrive. Are you ready for but I don't know am I am I ready? What will I please him?" He will love you so much. And the next day the city was all elated and Solomon sent him out. It was against protocol for him to go get her. So they had to meet between his home and hers. So the musicians, the incense burners, they all come and here she comes laying back on the king's own couch. The music, the symbols. Here comes King Solomon, my lady. Here he comes. Here he comes. Susan, what should I do? What should I do? What should I do? Don't worry, my lady. He loves you so much. We have never seen him so excited. just be yourself. It was that that caught his attention before the foundation of the world. Let me close. I'm just now in preaching gear. I could go half the night saying, "Come [Music] away, my [Music] love." Oh, come away. [Music] Oh Jesus, I can give you my name. Hallelujah. Eterity awaits us. Come away. Let's sing it together now. Come away my love. Come away. My love. I waited for this day when I could give to you my name. Eternity. Oh Jesus. Come away my love. Everybody again. Come away my love. Come away. Eusion a some eggs. I have waited for this day. when I could give to you my new name, eternity. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. There's a table dressed in linen. A banquet is prepared. A host of angels gather for the celebration there. The bride is almost ready in spotless wine. A hush falls over heaven as her groom begins to say, "Come away. Thank you, Jesus. Come away. Thank you, Jesus. Lord God, we worship you. Hallelujah. Give to you my name. Eternity. Listen to him now. Oh hallelujah. I have loved you for creation long before you came to me. I've carried that love with me all the way to Calvary. Though it wasn't over, when they laid me in the tomb, I proved my love would never die. I rose again for you. Come away. Oh my. Come away. Hallelujah. Jesus. I have waited for this day when I could give to you my name. Eternity. Jesus. Come away. Hallelujah. My love. Sing it now. Come away my love. Come away. My [Music] love. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] I wait for his name. I can give to you my name. Charity awaits us. Come away. [Applause] [Music] Come away. [Music] I [Music] [Music] see my Come away. I wait for this day when I can give to you my name. Eternity Jesus come. My love, we've got a little young man here tonight that's been asking to be baptized. 12 years old, something like that, I think. been coming to church with his grandma, Sister Bonnie Potter. Been mentioned it several different times that he wanted to be baptized. I heard about it. I couldn't keep from thinking about myself as a 12year-old boy giving my heart to the Lord. You never know, this might be the last one before we get to go home. Little brother, if you'll come, brother, one of the brother Louie, one of the brothers come and just leave the singing while we're getting ready for the baptism. love you all my heart. God bless you. Praise the Lord. You are my strength when I am. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. [Music] Seeking you as a precious jew to give up I'd be a fool. You are my all. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God. Worth is your [Music] name. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. You are my all in all. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my all. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Jesus. Oh lamb of God. Worthy is your [Applause] [Music] name. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I see. You are my all in all. Seeking you as a precious jewel, no to give up, I'd be a fool. You are my only. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's just bow our heads together. Heavenly Father is our little brother Lance comes tonight Lord Jesus to take upon your name in water baptism. Father been mentioned it time and time again that he wanted to be baptized. Dear God, I pray that you would just fill his little life with your goodness and your mercy. Would you watch over him? Would you help him, dear God? Help him to realize this is just the beginning of his journey. Only you know what you have planned out for his life. Father, I just pray that you'd be with him. What a great honor it is to be able to baptize our children in the same way that they would have baptized him in the book of Acts. I can baptize him in water, but only you can baptize him in the Holy Ghost. Would you grant it, Father, fill every fiber of his being? I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus. My little brother, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Just gets gets more awesome every time, doesn't it? Amen. We'll fall down. We'll lay our crown at the feet of Jesus. Greatness of his mercy and love. At the feet of Jesus, we cry holy, holy, holy, we cry, holy, hol we cry, holy, holy. is the lamb. Sing it as you go tonight. Oh, now we'll fall down. We'll lay our crown at the feet of Jesus. All the greatness of his mercy and love. At the feet of Jesus we cry, holy, holy, holy cry, holy, holy, holy. Yes, we cry. Holy the lamb. One more time. Oh, now we'll fall down. We'll lay our ground at the feet of Jesus. All the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus we cry. Yes we cry. Oh, we cry. [Applause] Behold, is the lamb. God bless you. Church service Sunday morning. Oh, we'll fall down. We'll lay our ground at the feet of Jesus. All the greatness of mercy and love at the feet of Jesus we cry, holy, holy cry, holy, holy. We cry our [Music] [Music] lamb. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
