################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Is There Anything Too Hard For God    Bro. Darrell Ward- 070525 - Darrell Ward.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   Is There Anything Too Hard For God?    Bro. Darrell Ward- 07/05/25
Speaker: Darrell Ward
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAx41t0pkBA
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] B. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] on rain. [Music] Oh our God praise. Oh our God praise. You believe that tonight? Sing it. Oh our God praise. Hallelujah. Yes. Our God reigns. Our God. Oh our God praise. Our God reigns with all your heart. Say it. Yes. Our God reigns. Jesus. Oh, our God reigns. Oh, our God reign. Our God praise. One more time. Oh, our God reigns. Yes. Our God reigns. Jesus. Oh, our God reign. Our God reign. Oh yes he does. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Just to start things off tonight, let me read you a testimony. We're going to sing a little bit more of that. Brother Harry, this is from my niece Sandy Bagot. Three months ago, the doctors found a lesion during an MRI. A month ago, my husband Jim had 12 biopsies and all 12 came back negative for cancer. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Hallelujah. A year ago, my brother-in-law could barely move from one end of the house to the other. Remember Dennis Fleer? We came here that Sunday morning in the wheelchair, had prayer for him. He was diagnosed with a rare blood cancer and another disease so rare that he was one of 25 known cases in the world. Two weeks ago, he was helping his sons build a fence. Praise God. Praise God. Last year, last year during our meetings, my son was in a mental facility. I went for prayer. Brother Daryl told me that God had a way to get my son. I'm happy to report he is one year sober. And for the first time in 5 years, able to hold a complete full job. God is a way maker. Our God reigns. Yes. Our God reigns. Sing with all your heart. Oh, our God reigns. Oh, do you believe it? Our God reigns. One more time. Oh, our God reigns. Hallelujah. Jesus. Our God reigns. Jesus. Yes. Our God reigns. Oh our God reign. Our God. Yes, he Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Give him a hand clap of praise if you love him tonight. Praise the Lord. Well, I trust all of you have had a good day. We should have had a wonderful day after what we had here last night, right? How many of you enjoyed the service here last night? Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Now, the first thing I want to do, I want to make an announcement. These these two front rows, they're reserved for ministers. If you ministers, all of you would come and take these seats right here to be able to help in the prayer line. That's what they're asking for. ministers, if you would just fill up these the this row and this row over here, if you'd do that as we sing tonight, we would certainly appreciate it. All right. First of all, if you're visiting with us, we want to say God bless you. Glad to have you here. Give our visitors a big hand tonight if you will. And all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say, God bless those folks. May this service minister to them. Give those folks a good hand tonight if you will. Praise the Lord. Amen. We're going to look at our prayer requests tonight. Brother Jim, Sister Linda Maxwell, Brother Kenny, if you would pray over the prayer request tonight. Please pray for Michael Maxwell. He had to be taken to the emergency room for high a high heart rate. Please pray that all is well with the new heart valve that it will be an easy fix. So, we're just asking that the Lord would be mindful of that. Uh, brother Danny Terz, he's ple please pray for uh, brother Emanuel. Uh, he was taken to the hospital with severe pneumonia and a collapsed lung. So, we want to remember him in prayer tonight as we pray that the Lord would be mindful of that situation. Please pray for the families of the Texas flooding. So, we want to remember those folks as well tonight. The Lord would be mindful. Prayer request for our son Jonathan. His blood pressure is running high. Uh, brother Doug Sadler sends that in. So, let's remember that. Sister Barbara Grab a call a while ago and she has having some heart issues today. So, we want to remember her in prayer. Brother Michael and Sister Linda Yuri says, "Please pray for our son William Matthew Yuri. He will be going out of the country for the first time. We are really worried about it." So, if you would continue to keep him in your prayers, may God bless. So, let's remember that tonight as we pray. I want to have prayer for Sister Baker tonight. the Lord would be mindful of her. Just the Lord knows her her situation. And then we have a a prayer request. The the Fumy uh family. I hope I got that right. Uh vision problems, spine uh uh deformed. Want to remember those folks in prayer. Pray for Grace Fume me to heal from spine uh spine situation going on in her life. So we just come all these things unto the Lord. all the unspoken prayer requests. We know there's great needs tonight among us, but we're serving a great risen savior, aren't we, brother Kenny? We're so glad to have you with us tonight. We love our brother, don't we? God bless you, buddy. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. How many's happy to be in church tonight? Amen. My It's good. Didn't we have a time last night? Amen. And I'm looking for more tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, once again, Lord, we count it a great privilege, Lord, to be in the the midst of many so many saints, Lord. Lord, we come to fellowship. We come to worship you. We come to praise your holy name, Lord. The world hates your name, but Lord, we love the name of Jesus tonight, Lord. We give you all praise and glory and honor in all that we do, Lord. Have your way in this service, Lord. Be with each and every one, Lord. Lord, may the spirit of God move in this place. May we go from this place saying surely it was good to be in the house of the Lord. Lord we come to you tonight Lord. Lord with all of these requests Lord you know each and every one Lord. We would pray that the Holy Ghost go Lord that you would arrest that devil Lord that would attack our brothers and our sister. Lord we give it to you tonight. Lord you're the one that can bring healing. You're the one that can bring salvation. You're the one that can bring the Holy Ghost. And Lord, tonight we're trusting you for all things. Lord, we ask for a special blessing for our speaker tonight. Lord, that we may receive from heaven. And Lord, if just one person receives from heaven, it'll be worth all that we've done. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for your mercy and your grace. Have your way in this service. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we'll receive the evening offering. Let me make just a few announcements if you would. Uh there will be be food in the fellowship hall tonight after the service. So remember that a souvenir keychain was found in the parking lot. Uh contact the deacon or the library staff if it belongs to you. And the rem reminder that uh the library will be closed uh after tonight's service. It will not be open tonight, but it will it will resume operation in the morning after the service. So remember that. Now, we had a we had a special guest leader congregational singing last night. How many of you enjoy Brother Wes Ardell? Amen. And he done so good. I want him to come and do it again tonight. Give Brother Wes a nice hand as he comes to lead us in singing. May you say, "Praise the Lord." You here to worship him tonight. Amen, kid. Oh, he's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Is he? Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, yes. And he's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. Oh yes he is. Oh he may not come when you want him to but he'll be there right on time. Oh he's an on time god. Oh yes he is. Sing that first verse. You can ask the children of Israel trapped at the red sea. Oh yeah. by me. Oh, Pharaoh and his army. They had water all around them. Pharaoh on their tracks. Oh, out ofwhere. My God still dead and put a highway just like that. Oh, he's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Yes, he is. Oh, he's a long time gone. Oh, yes, he is. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him to. He will be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Sing that second verse. You can ask the 5,000 A hungry soul on the banks of that river with two fish and five loaves of bread. What a miracle he performed for the multitude. Oh, and what he did way back then, he lives today for me and you. I know he's a long time God. Oh yes, he is. I know he Yes, he's a long time God. Yes, he may not come when you want him to. He be there right on time. Oh, he's on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh yeah, you can ask the 5,000 hungry souls f on the banks of that river with two fish and five loaves of bread. What a miracle he performed for the multitude. Oh, what he did way back there in the day for me and you. Yes, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. I know he is. Oh yes, he's an on time God. Oh yes, he is. I know he Oh, he may not come when you want him to, but he be right on time. Oh, he's on time. Let me hear you say now. Yes, he is. One more time. Oh, yes, he's an on time. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time god. Oh yes he is. Yes he is. Oh he may not come when you want. Aren't you glad he'll be there at all time? Oh he's an all time God. Oh yes he is. Yes he is. You believe that on time is for you tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, every praise is to my God. Oh, every word of worship. Oh, every praise, every praise, every praise. You got to sing it now. To our God. Let me hear you. Oh yes. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship. What a praise. Every praise, every praise. to our God. Oh yes, he's come my God my healer. Oh God my deliverer. Oh yes he is. Oh yes he is my savior. Oh my heer, God my deliverer. Oh yes he is. Oh yes he is. Oh every praise is to our Godship. Every praise every praise every praise is to our God. Oh, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship want every praise, every praise, you are God. Oh, he is God, my healer. Yes, he's my deliverer. Oh yes he is. Yes. Yes he is my savior. He come my healer. Oh come my deliverer. Oh yes he is. Yes he is. Let's worship him. [Music] Praise our God. You say, "Praise our God." Praise our God. Hallelujah. It's an honor to be in his house tonight, is it not? Amen. Oh, he's here. Think of that. He's here. Amen. I can't see. So many times I've questioned singing certain things for things I could not. Oh yes. And many times in trials. Oh he blurs my vision. Oh and my frustration. Oh, they get so out of hand. Oh, it said I am reminded I've never been forsaken. Oh, I've never had to stand the test alone. Oh, as I look at all all the victories and the spirit rises. Oh, and it's through the side. My weakness is me strong. Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. Oh yes. He never offered victory without fighting. But he said he would always come in time. Oh, just remember, just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversaries. He says giving. Oh, just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire. Oh, let's sing it again. He never Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the heel would not be hard to climb. Oh no, he never offered. Oh, victory without fighting. But he said help him would always come in time. Oh yes. And just remember when you're standing right now in the valley of decision in the adversary says G. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. [Applause] Praise the Lord. [Applause] [Music] I just wanted to say this. If if I heard that this guy was moving here tomorrow, I would have resigned last month while the singers, brother Dawson, every who's going to help you sing tonight. Brother Wes is going to give us a special and our youth choir that we sing after brother Dawson. But you enjoy this guy tonight. Amen. Love you, brother. It's already done. It's a theme song, I believe. Amen. Oh, it's already done. Thank you, Lord. [Music] It's already done. Thank you, Lord. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's already done. It's already done. [Music] Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it's already done. I'm already healed. [Applause] I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already healed. [Music] Oh, the battle is over. Oh, the victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Let's not forget this. Oh, my family is sing. You believe that tonight? Oh yes, my family is sing. Oh yes, the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, it is over. [Music] Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. You can be seated. God bless you. Brother Dawson and the who's helping him tonight, they're going to give us a song. youth choir, you be ready to come quickly to the platform. Then brother Wes will sing after you do. Give our singers a real good hand tonight. God bless you. [Music] I've faced a mountain that I've never faced before. That's why I'm calling on you, Lord. I know it's been a while, but Lord, please hear my prayer. And I need you now like I've never need you before. Sometimes it takes a mountain. [Music] Sometimes the trouble see [Music] sometimes it takes a desert [Music] to get a hold of me. Your love is so much stronger [Music] than whatever trles me. Sometimes it takes a mountain [Music] to trust you and believe. [Music] Forgive me, Jesus. I thought I could control whatever life would throw my way. But this, I will admit, has brought me to my knees. I need you, Lord. And I'm not ashamed to say. Sometimes it takes a mountain. [Applause] [Music] Sometimes it trles. Sometimes it takes a desert. to get a hold of me. Your love is so much stronger than whatever trles me. Sometimes it takes a mountain to trust you and believe. [Music] Sometimes it takes a mountain. Sometimes a trouble see. Sometimes it takes a desert to get a hold of me. [Applause] [Music] Your love is so much stronger than whatever trles me. [Music] Sometimes it takes a mountain to trust you and believe. Your love is so much stronger than whatever trles me. Sometimes it takes a mountain to trust you and believe. [Music] Sometimes it takes a mountain [Music] to trust you and believe. [Applause] [Music] [Music] I Remember how you provided, how you held me through the night. And I remember, how you sustained me when you stepped in to save my life. If I knew then what I know now, I would be still and let you work it out. Jesus, but I never went under. You were always on time. And Jesus, when I went through the fire, you were right there beside me. You were always on time. You were always, always, always on time. You are always always always on time. time. I remember how you carried when I couldn't take a step. And I remember how you loved me when I couldn't couldn't even love myself. Jesus, I was lost in the war, but I never went on. But I never went on. You were You were always on time, Jesus. When I went through the fire through the fire right there beside me. Right there beside you. Always on time. You are always always on time. You are always always on time. Always. You are always always on time. You are always always on time. [Music] You are always on time. You're such a faithful God. Oh, there's never been a day, never been a minute, never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through God. So I worship you. There's never been a day, never been a minute, never been a moment that you weren't in it. Never been a time. I worship you, oh Jesus. I was lost in the wall, but I never went under. I never went under. You were, you were always on. Oh Jesus. When I went through the fight, when I went through the fight, you were right there beside me. Right there beside me. I were you were always on time. You were always You were always on time. Always on. You were always always on time. If you heard your children, then you'll hear your children. Now, you are the same God. You are the same God. If you answered prayers back then, then then you will answer now. You are the same God. You are the same God. You heard your children. I know you'll hear your children. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. If you answer prayers, then I know you'll answer now. You are the same. You are the same. And you are the same God. You are the same. And you are providing then. You are providing. And you are providing now. You are proiding. You are the same God. You are the same God. And you are providing then. And you are providing now. You are the same God. You are the same. And you are the same God. There's never been a day. Never been a minute. Never been alone. Never been a time I worship. There's never been a time. Never been a Never. There's never been a day, never been a day, never been a moment that you're journeying. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through God. So I worship you. Never been a moment that you never worship you, oh Jesus. [Music] I was lost in the water, but I never you were always on fire. Jesus, when I went through the fire, you were right there beside me. You were always on time. You are always always on time. You are always always on time. [Music] Oh Jesus. I was tossed in the water, but I never went under cuz he was always on time. My Jesus, when I went through the fire, he was right there beside me. He was always on time. [Music] [Applause] [Music] long to hear him speak tonight. You came to Samuel in the middle of the night. You spoke to Jacob in a dream. [Music] came in flames to Moses as he trembled as I am began to speak. [Music] And Abram fell face down and heard you change his name for good. Elijah heard you whisper quietly. So here I am, surrendered and positioned to receive. Is there anything you'd like to say? To me. [Music] Speak, Lord. Speak your word to me. Oh, as I wait, come reveal your heart to me. Lord, speak a word to me. Oh Lord, speak a word to me. Peter heard you ask him to drop his nets. Oh, he heard you speak to calm the raing sea. even walked on water just because you told him he would. So is there anything you like to say to me? [Applause] Speak, Lord. Speak your word to me. Oh, as I wait, [Music] come reveal your heart to me, Lord. Speak a word. to me, oh Lord, speak a word to me. And when you call to me, oh, let my be what Isaiah was when he heard you speak. Oh here my Lord please use my life for your glory and that oh speak Lord speak your word to me fall as I wait. Come reveal your heart to me. Oh Lord, speak a word to me. Oh Lord, speak a word. Oh, speak Lord. Speak a word to me. Fall as I wait. Oh, come reveal your heart to me. Lord, speak a word to me. Oh Lord, speak a word to me. Oh Lord, speak a word to me. [Applause] Just uh one word from the Lord Jesus can change everything. I remember when the doctors were telling me that my daughter wouldn't live. I even asked them if they would sew up a gash in her head where she had went through the back window. And a doctor friend told me said, "Darl, there's no use to sew that up. she's not going to live. And they didn't they didn't sew it up. And the day of the funerals when we went to bury brother Homer and little Rachel, we came back to the waiting room and we were sitting there and all at once this warm feeling came over me and a voice spoke to my heart just as real as I'm talking to you right now and said, "Your daughter shall live. [Applause] Just a word from the master makes all the difference in the world. And when I went back to work and some of the my doctor friends and was telling me said, "We was concerned about you. We thought you maybe had had a breakdown and had lost your mind because you were saying that she was going to walk again and see again and all the things that she was going to do. Said, "We thought you'd lost your mind." And I said, "I did. I got the mind of Christ. [Applause] I'm so I'm so glad [Music] I'm so glad that I'm gathered with a group of people this evening that the secrets and the mysteries that was in the back part of God's mind has now been placed into the heart of the believers. Oh, hallelujah. to know what he wants done with his word. Oh, do you love him tonight? He don't want us just to quote it. He don't want us just to read it. He don't want us just to listen to it. But he wants us to receive it and let it live out through us. And what will that do? It'll make him the same yesterday, today, and forever. Do you love him tonight? Amen. God bless you richly. We just count it such an honor to be among you and to stand here before you this evening. And you know I I I feel very small to be ministering with such man of God as brother Matt Watkins and brother David Ser. And I I just y'all pray for me. I'd appreciate it. But I greet you this evening in the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. For there is no greater name than the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? There is power in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Wasn't that a powerful message last night that our brother brought? Oh my. We so appreciate that, brother Matt. Broken. Broken but not bitter. If you have your Bibles and turn with us to the book of Psalms, we're going to read from Psalms 103:es 1-4. And then also we're going to read from Jeremiah chap 32 26 and 27. And may the Lord bless you richly be our prayer. certainly enjoyed the song service. Psalms 103, the Bible says this, a Psalm of David, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Forget not all his benefits. Don't let your trials, don't let your sickness, don't let your fears cause you to forget his benefits. Amen. Amen. Forget not all his benefits. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities. Hallelujah. How many? All. Who health healeth all thy diseases. How many? All. Amen. Lord, who redeemth thy life from destruction. Thank you. Who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies. Oh, I just love that. Jeremiah 32 26 and 27, the Bible says this. Then came the word of the Lord unto Jeremiah, saying, "Behold, I am the Lord, the God of all flesh. Is there anything too hard for me?" Amen. Let's bow our heads. That's what we want to speak on this evening for just a few minutes before the prayer line. Is there anything too hard for God? Heavenly Father, Lord, as we have gathered here once again, we are so grateful, Lord, in our hearts that you have met with us, Lord. And father, we count it such an honor to stand before your people and bring to them, Lord, not a creed or a dogma or someone's ideal, but to bring to them the unfailing reality of the living word of God. Yes. And Lord, I pray tonight, Father, that every person in this building that would have a need, may it be met this evening, dear God. And Lord, those that have never witnessed a miracle, may they witness it. And those dear God that would be weak, may they be made strong. And Lord, those who have got a bad report, may they hear Isaiah's report. We pray. Amen. And Father God, we ask tonight that you would be with the brothers who will labor, Lord, through the prayer line. May you strengthen them, dear God, and keep them be our prayer. And Lord, we commit this congregation and oursel into your hands for your glory. And when we leave this building this evening, may we say, "Did not our hearts burn within us as you walked and talked with us along the way?" Father God, those who are unable to be here that would be streaming tonight, I ask you, Father God, may the Holy Ghost go to where they're at, Lord, and whatever the need would be, God, right there in their living room, may they stand and give you praise for the God who hears the prayer of his people. We commit these things into your hands, Lord, for your glory. For we are so glad tonight that we know that there is nothing that is too hard for you. We ask these things in Jesus' name. And the bride says, "Amen." God bless you. You may be seated. You know, uh, several years ago when I was working in surgery and I I worked in surgery for years, assisted the doctor in many many kinds of operations and we had a case come in one day of this gentleman and he he was a a Baptist preacher and he had thrown a blood clot and almost all of his bow had died. And when he came into surgery, he was in a serious condition. And the doctor made this statement while we was working on this man. He said, "This man will die. He cannot live. He doesn't have enough bow left to live." And as I was standing across from the doctor, I I didn't speak it out loud, but I just said it to myself. I said, "That's true, Lord. I don't see how he can live. And all at once, this presence came over me. Amen. And I started to tear up and I turned my head away because I didn't want him to see the tears in my eyes. And a voice spoke to my heart. It said, "Is there anything too hard for God?" Amen. And I said, "No, Lord. There's nothing too hard for you." You can do anything. You're God. And that man lived. For many years after that surgery, he lived. And about a year later, I saw him in the cafeteria at the VA hospital. And of course, he didn't know me, but I knew him. And when I sat down in front of him, you know, he kind of had this look like, "Who's this guy?" And I said, called him by his name. And I said, "You don't know me, but I was on your operation." And I begin to tell him what I just told you. And me and him both sat there in the cafeteria and wept before the Lord and rejoice because there is nothing that is too hard for God. Hallelujah. The God who redeems our lives from destruction, who crowns, or in other words, who surrounds us with loving kindness and tender mercies. The prophet said, "It is only the love of our father that loves us so much that he sends his word." Yeah. He sends ministers to preach his word. Amen. Then whoever would try to stop ministers from preaching must not come from God. Come on. He sends his ministers to preach the word. He sends gifts into the church with his arms spread out trying to get you to believe it. How many needs healing tonight? How many of you has a loved one that needs healing tonight? And you would love to see them healed with all your heart. Can I get an amen tonight? That you would love to see that person healed. That you would love to see them touch you. Say, "I give anything to see that." Well, I want you to know tonight that the prophet of God said that God wants to heal you 1,000 times more than you ought to be healed. Hallelujah. You said, "Oh, brother D, I want to be healed so bad that I can serve him." He wants to heal you a thousand times more than you ever want to be healed. Amen. Amen. But he said, "But you're afraid. You go by how you feel because you've regarded that. You've lived by your feelings. Your whole life has been wrapped in that. But you must get away from that and act on God's word. Yes, sir. Amen. Not what you feel. Not what you feel. Your feelings will lie to you. Not what you feel, not what you see, but what God said. Amen. Act upon what God said. Make that confession. Amen. And confession means to say the same thing. Then if I'm going to confess something, don't let me confess my sickness or my weakness, but let me confess what God said in his word. I am the Lord thy God who health all thy diseases. Amen. Amen. Make that confession. A confession needs to say the same thing. And he's at the right hand of the father with his own blood to make intercession on your confession. Amen. He cannot do anything for you until first you accept it, confess it, and then act on it. [Applause] The prophet of God said, "If angels came and laid hands on you, you could not be healed unless you accepted it, believed it, and acted on it." You say, "Why is that?" Because he is the high priest. of what you confess, what you confess that he is to you. Then what do we need to tell him? You're my healer. You're my sustainer. You're my deliverer. You're my all and all. Amen. With you, I can do everything. Without you, I could do nothing. Thank you, Lord. Have faith in God. Don't doubt. We don't see all things, but he never asked us to see all things, but we do see Jesus. Hallelujah. So I say to you tonight, let's don't go by what we see or feel with the eyes of our head, but let's look with the eyes of our heart to a God who loves us, who loves us, and wants to heal us, and wants to help us. Amen. Isaiah 41 says it this way, "For I, the Lord thy God, will hold thy right hand, say unto thee, fear not." Amen. I will help thee, sir. The God who holds our right hand. That's right. Oh, I remember a few years ago when my girls were little and we was we was hiking. Thank you, brother Donnie. We sure appreciate, brother Donnie. And we was hiking up on Ruff Ridge up in North Carolina. Yeah, that's all right. Give me a hand. It's up on the rough ridge up there in North Carolina, you know, and it's kind of pretty high up. You can see from everywhere when you get up there and the clouds are always on the mountain. So we were coming back down, you know, and I was leading the way, the Danny, you know, leading the way. And I think Alison, well, I know it was Alison, she was behind me. And so we was coming down through there and there was this rock and you had to step off this rock. It was about like a 2ft 3ft drop down to the ground and the rocks were wet because the clouds had been in there. And so I was walking down through there and I stepped off the rock and I heard Allison behind me. She's just a little old thing. And I just turned around and I just grabbed her by the hand. And I no sooner grabbed her by the hand that her feet flew out from under her on that wet rock. The look of horror that was on her face. But when I had her in the hand and I just swung her around and set her right down in front of me, that horror turned to the biggest grin you have ever seen in your life. And I said to her, I said, "Ally, ain't you glad daddy has got a hold of your hand?" And she did like that. Hold on down the trail you with. Oh, saints of God tonight. Aren't you glad that daddy and father has got us right? Hallelujah. He's got a hold of my right hand. Amen. And he said, "Fear not. I will help you." Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you glad tonight? God said, "I'll hold your right hand." Let's look and see that there's nothing we face. No sickness, no sorrow, no bondage, no oppression, no mental trouble, no marital trouble, no insecurities, no addictions. There is nothing that is too hard for our God. He's the God of all flesh. Yes, sir. He's the God of all history. He's the God of all nations. He's the God of all generations. He's the God of all grace. He's the God of all life. He's the God of all races. He's the God of all prophets. He's the God of all wisdom. And he's our God tonight. And there is nothing that's too hard for our God. He is the God of creation. He's the God of creation. Amen. And Jeremiah said, "Yay, Lord. Behold, thou hast made the heaven and the earth by thy great power and stretched out arm. And there is nothing too hard for thee. God's power in creation. Consider the majestics of creation. You know, I love to go out west and just see the mountains and oh my the beauty of creation. And God spoke the universe into existence with just his words. He said, "Let there be." And there was. And the same God that said, "Let there be a moon. Let there be stars. Let there be a sun." That same God said, "I am the Lord that health thee." Think about that. The stars, the mountain, the oceans, all obey his command. And if God can craft the cosmos with just his word, how much more can he handle the problems we face? [Applause] The same God who designed the increant details of DNA. Think about that. How this body operates, it's absolutely amazing. fashion the complexities of nature is not limited. He is not limited. My God is not limited by any situation or circumstance I face. Say, "Well, brother Daryl, my situation's too hard for God." Really? Come on. That problem that you're dealing with is too hard for the God who created the heavens and the earth. Amen. My situation, brother, it's it's it's too hard. The doctor said it's too bad. Listen to me. Do not let the devil rob you of what God has already done for you. [Music] Think about this. There are 200 billion trillion stars in the observable universe. Oh god, I can barely count to 100. 200 billion trillion stars in the observable universe. And the Bible said he health the brokenhearted and bindeth up their wounds. He tellth the number of stars. He calleth them all by their name. Hallelujah. 200 billion trillion stars and our God knows every star by name. How? Because he created them and he placed them. He created them with his word and he placed them. Is there anything too hard for our God? Is there anything you face too hard for a God who knows the name of 200 billion trillion stars that he created with his word? [Applause] Is there anything too hard for our God? Is your blood pressure too hard for God? Is your diabetes? Is your fear? Is your oppression? Is your arthritis? Is your tonitis? Is your cancer? Is your marital problem? Is your addiction? [Applause] Is there anything too hard for a God who created the universe? That God also created your body. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's look at a few just for a few minutes before we call the prayer line of what man would call impossible situations. And the first one comes to my mind is Jonah. Now Jonah is in a fish's belly, the belly of the whale. A man who had more symptoms, more circumstances against him than any man I know of. Has anybody here in this building been swallowed by a fish? He was He was swallowed [Music] by a fish. And when this whale swallowed him, the prophet said he went down to the bottom of the sea to rest. And that was Jonah wallowing around in the vomic at the bottom of the sea. And the prophet said, brother said, I always thought people say, why my arm is no better. My foot's no better. I don't feel any better. You'll never feel any better looking like that. Looking at that, you're looking at your symptoms. As long as you look at your symptoms, you're not going to see nothing else but your symptoms. You see, it depends on what you're looking at. This great fish swallowed Jonah on a Look at the situ. He was on a stormy sea. The boat was sinking. They threw him overboard and a fish swallowed him and went right to the bottom of the ocean. many phantoms deep laying there resting his swimmers cuz he just swallowed a 200 lb happy meal. Well, that's pretty good. I wouldn't mind having another one of them. And and Jonah was backslid. His hands were tied. His feet were tied and he's in the belly of a whale with vomic all over him. Seaweed wrapped around his neck in the bottom of the ocean. I'm telling you right now, there ain't nobody here in that bad a situation tonight. But what did Jonah say? The prophet said everywhere he looked was symptoms. He looked this way. What did he see? Whales belly. Looked that way. What did he see? Whales belly. Looked up. What did he see? Whalebelly. Looked down. What did he see? Whales belly. Everywhere he looked was whales belly. And you know what he said? He said, "They're lying vanities." [Applause] And Jonah said, "They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy." That's right. When you look Oh, God. When you look at your symptoms or your problem, you are forsaken. The mercies of God, the loving kindness and mercies of God who surround you with his love. And brother Ben said he knew when Solomon dedicated the temple, he said, "Lord, if thy people be in trouble anywhere, anywhere that includes whalebelly, anywhere and pray and look towards this temple, then hear from heaven." and he believed Solomon's prayer. You know why? There's power in prayer. Yes. And if Jonah under those conditions with that kind of symptoms could look to an earthly temple where an earthly man who later backslid and could believe that and be delivered from those symptoms and refused to see them, how much more ought you and I who are filled with the Holy Ghost, we don't look towards an earthly temple, but heaven where Jesus sits at the right hand of God with his own bloody garment making intercession on your confession. Thousands are being healed everywhere. I refuse to see any I refuse to see anything that's contrary to God's word. God said so that settles it. Amen. Now, I'm not against doctors. I go to doctors. I I got nothing against doctors. But when they can't help us, I know somebody who can. Amen. And people put so much faith in a doctor and they don't realize he graduated last in his class. And the only reason he's got a degree is cuz his daddy was dean of the school. Ask me how I know that. But I got nothing against them because they can be 100% correct and they can be 100% wrong. That's right. A doctor's report can be right, you can be wrong. But Isaiah's report is always right. God said so that settled it. I'm Abraham's seed. I'm an heir to all things. We're better said, get that down, not in your intellect, but get it down in your heart one time and watch the devil. You'll see his red light going over the hill cuz the Bible said, "Resist him and he will flee from you." I wonder sometimes if he hangs around us so much because we entertain him. But I want you to know you've got the ability to back him off. back. BAC. Back him off. What in the world is back? BAC. I'm glad you asked. Believe, accept, and confess. Hallelujah. When you back, Hallelujah. When you stand on that back, Satan will back off of you. The Bible said Jonah prayed unto the Lord God out of a fish's belly. He said, "I cried by the reason of my affliction unto the Lord, and he heard me. Out of the belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice." I cried out to the Lord. I cried out to the Lord. And if God can hear the prayer of a man in the belly of a great fish at the bottom of the ocean and deliver him, don't you think he can hear your prayer sitting in this building tonight that's been set aside to worship him? Hallelujah. We're not surrounded by whales belly tonight. We're not surrounded by seaweed tonight. We're surrounded by believing sons and daughters of God who believes our God is able to deliver us. Can God deliver us? I say yes, He can. Cuz there's nothing too hard for our God. He delivered a man trapped in a fish's belly at the bottom of the ocean. Then he can deliver you tonight in whatever trap you find yourself in. Just cry out to him. He is our deliverer. He is our healer. He is our refuge and our strength, a very present help in the time of trouble. You see, healing, oh my, healing can occur instantly. That's right. Or gradually. That's right. Or even in the future. But all healing comes from God. And I think of J Gyus and his daughter. She was at home sick. She was dying. And it was his only little girl and there and there was nothing that he could do to help her. Yeah. He just watched her lay there and he thought, "I've got to find Jesus. He's the only one who can help her. I'm going to go find Jesus." And when he got to Jesus, Jesus said, "I'll go." He said, "Lord, my daughter's dying. She's my only little girl. Don't take her from me. Where you come? Where you come? I'll go. And as they started to go, here come the mourers. Come on. With a message, do not trouble the master anymore, for your daughter is already dead. It's over. She passed just a little bit after you left the house. We've been trying to find you to tell you it's over. There's no use for him to come. Don't trouble him anymore. That's the way we get sometimes when we think there's no hope. But is there anything too hard for our God? He's still the mighty conqueror. When all hope is gone, he's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. They thought it was over. The prophet said they had already embombed her little body and laid her on the couch. And they said, "Don't trouble him. All hope is gone." Come on. And as her daddy looked toward Jesus and he started to cry, the precious eyes of Jesus turned to Gyrus and said these words that are an answer to every problem in this building tonight. When Jesus spoke these words, I want you to know what he said to Gyrus is the answer to every problem in this building tonight. when he touched him on the shoulder and he said, "Only believe. Don't fear. Only believe and thou shalt see the glory of the Lord." And I say to you tonight, don't fear. Just believe and you shall see the glory of God. Is there anything too hard for God? A woman with the blood issue. I know you know these things, but just to remind you to try to build her faith up before the prayer line. This woman had a bloodish you for 12 long years she bled. And not only that, when she went into the sound, when she went into the city, she had to announce to everybody unclean. I'm unclean. And for 12 years, she dealt with the embarrassment of being rejected and isolated and nobody around her cuz she was unclean. 12 long years, sir. The prophet said she'd spent all of her money on doctors who finally told her, "We can't help you." Wouldn't it be nice if they told her the first visit? The prophet said she sold her farm and everything, 12 long years sitting out there and knitting. One day the prophet said her world was crashing in on her. Sometimes it just builds to the point that you feel like you can't take it no more. You know what I'm talking about? when your nerves are just on edge and you think I can't deal with it today [Music] sitting there out in the sun maybe trying to knit just to get her mind up of her problems thinking they can't help me what am I going to do there's no answer to my problem there's no answer to what I'm going through with all at once somebody comes running by and he says the healer is coming the healer is here he's coming and we heard those words the healer something struck a her and you know the story. She ran down to where he was at and she saw him. This is the son of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. She said no matter what the people say because it's always an ever crowd. Some are for him and some are against him. Some were calling him a cult and all kinds of nonsense. But there in the midst of all of this, she saw something. Hallelujah. Not with the eyes of her head, but with the eyes of her heart. She saw that man can help me. And if that man can help her, he can help you tonight. Hallelujah. You see, he's just changed his stom. The God that was in the body of Jesus is now in the body of his bride. He'll use my hands, your hands, my eyes, your eyes, my lips, your lips. Hallelujah. She pressed her way through the crowd being weak in that anemic condition, the loss of blood weakening. And she finally got to where he was. Perhaps she's small in statue cuz the Bible said she never touched his shoulder. She never touched his arm. She squeezed through the crowd and got down. Sometimes we just need to humble oursel down. Sometimes we just need to say, "God, I need your help. This is bigger than I can handle. This is bigger than I know what to do with, Lord. She got down and squeezing through the crowd, reaching through the crowd. And the prophet of God said she had to go and reach through those hindrances, trying to press her way into Jesus. Had to squeeze through some of them, pressing her way. And he said, "If you ever get to Christ, you're going to have to press your way to him cuz there's going to be all kinds of people who's trying to hold you back. Sometimes it's those that's closest to us." You see, Satan loves barriers. He loves hindrances. anything that'll keep you from touching Jesus. Amen. For touching Jesus is all that really matters and then your life will never be the same. Amen. You know that gate that they put the horses behind before the race starts. They put them behind this gate and they shut the gate. And they do that so that it'll be a fair start for every horse. So they back them in and they shut this gate and it keeps the horse from moving. You know what it's called? It's called the barrier. They put the horse behind a barrier to keep it from running, to keep it from moving. It's called the gate barrier. But do you know what that barrier testifies of? It testifies that up just ahead there is a victory lion. And when Satan tries to hold you back, when he tries to put hindrances in your life, when he tries to put barriers in your life, just remember your miracle is there. Amen. It's your victory. Amen. I say you may have thought all hell to get here tonight. You may had all kinds of hindrances to get here tonight, but you're here and you're here tonight for your greatest miracle. They said there's no limit hardly to the speed a plane will go when it breaks the sound barrier. And if there's no limit to the speed the plane will go, then there's no limits to the blessings that God will pour down upon a believer that will believe. When all the barriers that seem to hinder you are broken, then you will fly free in the faith of God, knowing that all things are possible because there is nothing too hard for our God. You see, it's your attitude towards a divine gift of God which determines what's going to happen. It's your attitude. Yes, sir. And that woman squeezed through the crowd just and as soon as she touched him, not his arm, not his back, his garment, his garment. She touched the hymn of his garment. And she thought in her heart, "If I could but do that, I will be made whole." And she slipped out into the yard. And Jesus turned around and said, "Who touched me? Who touched me?" I said, "Master, have you you're embarrassing? Everybody here's touching you. Everybody's trying to get to you. What do you mean who's touching you?" He said, "But I perceive that I've gotten weak. Virtue has went out from me." And he turned, the prophet said, to begin to follow where that flow was coming from. And as he looked around, he found the woman. And he said to this woman, "Thy faith hath saved thee." Yeah. Not my power. Not my power. Not my power, but thy faith hath saved thee. By faith. By faith in believing what he was. For she said, she believed what he was. She said, "If I can but touch his garment." Jesus never said it. Peter never said that. That woman said that. We don't even know her name. But her words of faith, her inspiration of faith becomes the very word of God we read tonight. For when a son of God by faith takes the word of God into his heart and speaks it back upon his lips, it's just the same as deity speaking. Every mountain has to move. And I say tonight, the lion hath roared. We can say what's already been said in the word. Hallelujah. Congressman Upshaw, who was crippled for 66 years, not seconds, not months, not days, years. And how many of his family or his friends had gave up that he would ever walk normal again? After all, it'd been 66 years since he fell off that wagon and broke his back. 66 years. Sometimes we can't wait 66 seconds. How many times did he ask God to heal him? How many times did someone offer prayer for him? 66 years. I've got this problem. Have you had it? 66 years. 66 years he has been in this affliction. And the prophet said, "I never even touched the man in no way. I just stood there. I did see a vision of the man." That's true. And then, oh, I like this right here. I saw a vision. That's true. And then he just accepted what I said. And that was all. And there he is walking. I never had nothing to do with it. His faith in Lord Jesus is what made him whole. I've seen him without crutches and without a wheelchair walking as nimble as he can be. That man after being crippled for 66 years. I said, "Thus say the Lord." And here he is tonight, 85 years old, as nimble as any man, 50 in the building. It looked like he had gotten healed back when his bones had good calcium and stuff back when he was young. But God in his power showed that he could do all things. Abraham and Sarah, God promised when he was 75 year old that he would have a child. 25 years went by and now here he is 100 and Sarah's 90. And God visited Abraham and said, "I have made you the promise and now I'm going to fulfill it." And Sarah in the tent, you know the story. back behind the tents that guy sniggering up in her tent said, "Oh, me an old woman, no pleasure with my Lord." How would this ever be? How would this ever be? But oh my, there is nothing too hard for God. Amen. Be an old woman, have pleasure with my Lord. And Abraham being old too, both of them wellstricken in age. How can this be? And the Lord said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, I shall surely bear a child, which I am old? Is there anything too hard for the Lord? And at the appointed time, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son. What was God saying? I will restore you back to a young man and woman again. And let me say tonight, saints of God, all that life and time has took away from you, God will restore. Amen. He'll change our bodies back again. Not just to youth, but to eternal youth. Hallelujah. And just a couple more we'll close, go into the prayer line. But I just wanted to bring this in tonight of Joshua standing before the walls that was 46t high and 80 foot thick. And before one rock ever came out of the walls of Jericho, Joshua walked around the walls shouting the victory. Lord, by faith he saw the victory. Amen. He knew the walls was coming down and he armed his men and walked around and around Jericho seven days in full armor. What was he doing? He was looking at the unseen because God Hallelujah. It was a promise from God that the walls would come down. Hallelujah. And God, that same God has made you a promise. And I say to you tonight, how much can you walk around a wheelchair? How much can you walk around cancer? How much can you walk around that sin shouting the victory? God gives the promise when you can see him who is invisible. When that pulsating comes into your heart and begins to pulsate, I am the Lord who heals all thy diseases. When you can see that, everything else weakens away. Let me say, I can say amen to that. For when the Lord told me that Jessica would live and they put up the MRIs and they put up the CT scans, I said, "I don't care what it shows. I don't care what I'm looking at. I don't look at the MRI. I don't look at the CT scan. I look at what God said." He said she would live. Amen. And there's one thing about my God. He does not lie. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And what happened to the walls of Jericho? They came down. Why? Because God said so. And the walls that Satan has built around your life and told you you'll never be no better and you'll never be no good and you'll never get over it. And all these things that's happened in your life, these walls, if you can look to him who gave the promise tonight, those walls can come down. And if you can believe what I'm telling you right now before the prayer line, you can start shouting the victory. You can start claiming the victory. You can start testifying right now. Cuz it's not my hands that'll heal you. It's not brother Matt's hands, brother Joel's hands. Come on, somebody. It's not our hands that'll do it. But it's faith in God's word. Moses brought the children of Israel all the way out of Egypt through that land. Came out of Egypt with two million people. And when they left Egypt, the Bible said there wasn't a feeble one among them. Yes sir. How for 40 years, how did he fight cancer, tuberculosis? How many babies was born overnight? How many tents did Dr. Moses have to visit? How many broken arms out there in that desert running around? How much pneumonia? How much malaria drank out of the ponds? Whatever they could get to, how much bacteria did they pick up? those germs and the things in the water. How did he keep two million people healthy? And the Bible said their clothes didn't even wear out. [Applause] How did he do that? What was his prescription when he left Egypt, the finest nation at that time? He never took one herb, not one essential oil. He never took one thing, not one of their tools, not one of their equipment. Come on. He never took that. They had the best doctors in the land. No doubt. They took care of Pharaoh, but he never took those doctors with him. What prescription did he use that worked on every case? You don't know what it was. I am the Lord that health all thy diseases. That's all he had. But that's all he needed. It worked then. It'll work now. It worked on it. It worked on every case. Then it'll work on every case tonight. I am the Lord thy God who heals all thy diseases. You are of God, little children. Overcome them because greater greater greater is he that is in you than he that's in the world. Greater is he. It's God the creator. The winds and the waves had to obey him. Demons become paralyzed. All nature obeyed him because he was the creator of nature. Oh, when we think of that, it takes a bite out of it. When you understand these things, you see what it is. It isn't man. Man can't do that. Man is a part of the creation, but it's the winds and waves that obey the creator. It takes the creator to do it. For he that is in you is greater than he that is in the world. He that causes turmoil, he that causes affliction, he that causes sickness, sorrow, death, cancer, that's he that's in the world, that's your enemy. But he that is in you is the creator who made the winds. He who made the winds is in this building tonight. [Applause] He can rebuke the devil out of the winds and there's a calm. He can rebuke the devil out of the storm and there's no storm. He's the creator and greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. If you find yourself struggling to believe that God can handle your circumstances, I invite you tonight to open your heart to him. Trust in his ability to do the impossible. If you don't know him, if you've never met him, I encourage you tonight, seek a relationship with Jesus Christ. Not an education of him. But a revelation of him, sir, a Jesus Christ who promises to never leave us nor forsake us. Remember, with God, nothing is too hard. Embrace the truth. Stand firm in your faith. And watch how God will work in your life. Amen. Anyone in the right mind knows that God can do all things. Can you say I'm closing? If he can't do all things, then he's not almighty God. Amen. If he can't do all things, he's no different than me. I can some things I can do. like saying brother Louie don't believe that but if he can't do all things then he's not almighty but if he is almighty God and I believe he is then he can do all things but the trouble of it tonight is people are looking for God millions of miles away when God is right here in the midst of us right now the one that you love the one that you serve is in this building tonight. For he spoke, "Where two or three are gathered in my name, I will be in their midst." And that's just as true as the rest of the scripture. As soon as you hear the word of God that says you can be set free, believe it. And rejoice with it. Amen. And God will show the evidence after you've accepted it. But first, you accept it. Christ died for sinners. I believe it. I accept it. I start rejoicing. God works righteousness by it. I believe by his stripes for my healing. I believe it. I accept it. And God works healing for me. See, just as soon as I believe it, he can't help me till I believe it. I've got to believe it and confess it first. And then God's under obligation to his word. Nothing is too hard for our Lord Jesus. He can do all things. He does all things well. Amen. What we need to do tonight is to take out after God's Holy Spirit and the pillar of fire and move into the promise of every divine promise in the Bible belongs to you. Every divine promise in the Bible belongs to you. It's your personal property. Amen. If you believe it. If you believe it. You know, some scholars say that there are close to 8,000 promises in the Bible and every one of them is yours. Thank you, Lord. Now, we are more than conquerors through Christ Jesus. Just walk into your inheritance. Listen to me. You are dealing with a defeated enemy. Brother Harry, come. Brothers, come. Listen to me now as we bring this down. We are dealing with a defeated enemy. Sickness is defeated. Amen. Death is defeated. Hell is defeated. Everything is defeated. We are disputing with a conquered enemy. Hallelujah. Well, brother Daryl, the devil said this and the devil said that and the devil told me this and the you are listening to a conquered enemy. He's defeated. Amen. Well, brother Daryl, you know, everything you said tonight is good, but you know, Brother Daryl, I'm just the least one here. I'm just the least one. I'm just the souls of his feet of the body of Christ. Well, I appreciate your humility, but you know, in reality, maybe that's who I am. Because a body's made up of many different things. I'm glad that my body is not all thumb. It's made up of many different members. And maybe that's exactly who I am is the souls of his feet in the body of Christ. Maybe you know where that little toe touches the bottom of the foot. That little crease right there. Ritty. Maybe that's who I am. Ready? You say, "Brother Bren, am I the least one?" That's the souls of his feet. But remember, he's triumphed with you. Triumphed over every bit of it. Every sickness, every devil, every power, even death itself is under your feet. That's the truth. It's under your feet. [Applause] You need to tell the devil, "Hey boy, you're under my feet. Whatever that thing is is bothering you, you need to stomp it down. You need to stomp it down because every devil, every demon, come on, somebody, they are under your feet. If I can just get you to see that the church will be triumphed. There'll not be a feeble one among us tonight. Hallelujah. When I was a young preacher, I preached with all my heart that Jesus opened the eyes of the blind and he made the lame walk. I believed it, but I never witnessed it. But I believed it. When my daughter was blind, they told me she'll never swallow again. She'll never speak again. She'll never walk again. She'll never see again. She'll never swallow again. If she even lives, she'll be nothing but a vegetable. And I went to this little room that I'd go to just to get out from under it and lay my head against that wall. And I'd cry out to God. I said, "God, I don't want my baby to be blind. I don't want my baby to be blind. And I remembered the prophet said, "God has provided a lamb." And I started telling her, Jessica, you'll see me again. He said, "Brother, I've heard that and I've heard that. I know, but I promise God that I would I would try my best to tell the world what he done for her. [Applause] I'd say, "Jessica, do you see me?" She'd say, "No, daddy. I can't see." I said, "But you'll see me again. You will see me again. God provided a lamp for your eyes." And I can stand here tonight and tell you friends, when I say God opens the blinded eyes, it's not wishful thinking. I know that. I know that. I know because I saw my God when the doctor said there's no way. But I'm here tonight to say there is nothing that's too hard for my God. for my God. Open her blinded eyes and tonight. Hallelujah. She sees better than me. And not only can she see, but she can walk. And I can stand there and tell you, there is nothing O D H I N G. There is nothing that my God cannot do. Do you believe it tonight? Then stand to your feet and give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Cast all your cares upon him for he cares for you. Here's what I want you to do. When you come through the line tonight, whatever it is that's afflicting you, I want you to cast it upon your provided lamb tonight and take his promise and go out that door rejoicing just as happy as you can be, telling people that you're heal healed. Go and testify. If you believe in healing and you believe God has healed you, then confess it and God will make your body obey your confession. Do you believe that tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing it bel turned into wine. He opened the eyes. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Turn into wine. Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. There's none like you. [Music] Into the darkness you shine. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. He's awesome in power. Our God our God. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is heer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Water. You turn into wine. You open the eyes of the blood. There's no one like you. Like you, Lord. There's none like you. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is here. Awesome power. Our God. Our God. Oh, our God. [Music] Our God is stronger. Stronger. You are higher than any God. Hallelujah. Awesome power of God. Our God. And if our God is for us, then who could stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand? Who can stand against us? If our God is for us, then who can stop us? And if our God is with us, then who can stand again? If stop us and if our God is with us, then what can stand against? Hallelujah. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is Jesus. You are awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many believes it? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You can be seated for just a just a moment if you will. We'll ask all the minister brothers that wish to help us pray. If you'd come up and line up here in the front, the deacon brothers will help you. We'll form the prayer line and it'll come back this way and come to the right hand side. We'll have two lines of of ministers. One here and one on that side, please. Also, we'd like to say for those that maybe want to be prayed for and you have a child that you're going to have to carry the child or maybe the child needs prayer and the elderly and maybe those that aren't feeling well would like to have them to come first because they might be the ones that would be a little bit more difficult for them to stand and wait in line. So, the elderly, those that have children, or those that aren't feeling very well, if you can't make it up here, we certainly will come and pray for you. I believe with all of my heart, our God's going to do mighty things. I know friends and I realize it it's kind of moving in our ranks that people are looking for a word from the Lord for a preacher and they're kind of waiting to see if you got something for me or something for me or something for me. Well, let me give you several words from the Lord tonight. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, ask what you will. Amen. Delight thyself also in the Lord, and he will give thee the desires of thine heart. If any two on earth agree, touch in anything, it shall be done. You have asked nothing in my name, hitherto ask that you might receive. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. You need more words than that. Your name is written all over them. So whether you need healing or you need deliverance of something that you're dealing with a besetting sin or if you need the Holy Ghost, the prophet has taught us the apostolic way of receiving the Holy Ghost is for men of God to lay hands on you. Amen. So whatever you have need of, you say, "Well, I don't need to come through the prayer line. I've got perfect faith." Praise the Lord. That's wonderful. But you know what? We're doing this tonight for those who want to come through. Nobody has to, but for those who want to come through. And before we start it, we just like to pray together. And we want you to pray for the ministers, of course. And it might seem odd and unusual to you when preachers go to pray for people and you watch them and they get so weak and all and you say, "I don't understand that." Well, maybe you wouldn't unless you've stood there. But Brother Bram didn't understand it either. As a matter of fact, I shared a quote today with some of the brothers. Brother Bram said that he would get weak when people would come through and he didn't understand it. And a brother told him, he said, "Brother Brennham," he said, "it's strength going out of you." And he said, "I didn't even understand that's what it was." Preachers can control the fervor by which they pray. They have the ability to regulate that somewhat. They can be able to control uh how they minister out. But what you can't control is this. when people come up for prayer and they pull out of you. So you might pray for 150 or 200, whatever it would be, and you'll be fine. And all of a sudden, one person walks up and by their faith, they reach inside of you and depletes you of everything you've got. A preacher has no control of that. So we're going to pray together. We're going to pray for you all. We want you to pray for the brothers. We have many needs and things at church tonight. Diseases and sicknesses and afflictions. And we're going to have a lot of prayer cloths once this is over as well. And anybody that's streaming tonight that couldn't be here and you want a prayer cloth, we'll send you that as well. Heavenly Father, we believe that you are here. And if you are here, you're here to do the impossible. Your prophet has taught us where God is. Supernatural things take place. None of us are a prophet. We don't desire to be. We just want to be what you've made us to be. Lord, your servants. We're here to offer prayer for your children. Lord, the battles, the sicknesses, the afflictions. Maybe some of them need the Holy Ghost. You know what they need tonight. Lord, these brothers are praying and the saints of God are praying. We pray for the singers. We pray for the musicians that you just anoint them, Lord. May they create an atmosphere in this place. May the miraculous power of God come down and move among us, Lord. Lord, if there's one person healed, one person delivered, one person receives the Holy Ghost, that honor does not go to any preacher, that honor goes to you, Lord. Come and manifest yourself among us, Lord God. We've seen you do so many wonderful, awesome things. Come and prove your word this night, Father, in the name of Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Those of you that want to be prayed for, you can just come and line up around the wall there. And Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Brothers, healing is here. Healing is here. [Music] Healing is here. I receive it. [Music] Oh, healing is here. [Music] Healing is here. [Applause] [Music] Healing is here [Music] [Applause] and I believe it. [Music] Reach my hands to the heaven. In my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Freedom is here. Freedom is here. Freedom is here. [Music] Oh, and I receive it. Freedom is here. [Music] Freedom is here. [Applause] Freedom is here. Oh Lord, and I believe it. Reach my hands to the heavens lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you. You're my rock, my heer. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. Reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Sickness can't stay any longer. Oh, your perfect love is casting out fear. You are the God of all power. And it is your will that my life is here. Oh, sickness can't stay any longer. Your perfect love is casting out fear. You are the God of all power. It is your will that my life is here. I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you. You're my rock, my healer. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. Reach my hands to the heavens in my eyes where my help comes from to you. I brought my he trust in you but I trust in you. Heat my hand. [Music] is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will sing. How great, how great is our God. How great is our God will sing with me. How great is our God and all see how great, oh how great is our God. Come the name above all. You are worthy of all praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How great is our God the name of all you are worthy of all our praise and my heart will How great is our God? How great is our God? Oh, sing. How great is our God and all see how great is our God above all things for you are worthy Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] is our God. Let the wor I surrender. I surrender to the king. I see you joy stand my side. Let your kingom come. Let live in me. This is my prayer. Oh, this is my plea. Let the wor. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, let sing. I'm surrendering my [Music] Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. It's the song of your redeem. As the bride from every nation, she's awakening to sing. From our hearts, it comes an anthem. Oh, hear our praises ring. This is a song, a song to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeem. As the bride from every nation, she's awakening to sing. From our hearts comes an anthem. Oh, here our praises ring. This is a song, a song to the king. Let the sun in the dark see. I'm surrendering my all. I give you my all, Lord. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. [Applause] I'm surrendering my heart. I give you my all. I'm surrender to the king. [Music] I was so bound up. My life was so tied up. No peace within. [Music] Change could not hold me. Confused, so lonely, so shackled with sin. But who is that coming from the other side of the sea? His eyes of compassion, they're piercing through me. Oh legion, you had me bound so long, but my morning has broken. I sing victory song cuz there's no one gater than Jesus. There's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, there's no nobody greater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. [Music] Hated, rejected by my neighbors, detested. No peace within. [Music] I was the talk of conversation for my multiple relations. No shall receive. [Music] But there and the sun was burned down. I hid my face and embarrass me from my lifestyle so bad. There was Messiah. Sing all the way. My story of life begin to tell. I've forgiven you Samaritan. I will call you daughter out of your soul. [Music] [Music] Gater than Jesus. No, there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus [Music] tried so many positions and yet grew worse so to Jesus she came and when the crowd tried to strain her. Oh, she whispered these words through her name. And all touching Jesus is all that will be. Oh, then your life will never be the same. There is only only one way to touch him. You just believe when you call on his name. You know, touching Jesus is all that we need. [Music] There's only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. [Music] Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matter. And in your life, we'll never be the same. Oh, there's only one way to touch him. [Music] You must believe when you call on his name. [Music] Lord God Almighty, you are clothed in mesty. The heavenlies declare your wonders [Music] for you are great and do marvelous things. [Music] For you alone are God. [Music] [Applause] There is no one else like you. So let the nations declare Lord that you have done great things. Mighty you are. Holy you are. Your mercy endure forever more. Righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord my God, my king, Lord God almighty, Lord, you're clothe in majesty and all the heavens declare your wonders for you are great and marvelous days. [Music] Lord, you alone are God. There is no one else like you. So let the nations declare, know that you have done great things, Lord. You have done great things and mighty you are. Oh, holy you are. Your mercy endureth forever. All righteous you are and great you. I will exalt you. Oh Lord my God, my king, mighty you are and holy you are. Your mercy endurth forever more. Righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God, my king, [Music] Lord God Almighty, you are clothed in majesty and all the heavens declare your wonders. Lord, you are great in de marvelous things. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory, [Music] [Music] everlivinging [Music] story. Our God and Savior came [Applause] and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own the strange the man of sorrows tears and [Music] me. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. He's my breath and my soul shine. [Music] my home and all the great creator became my savior and know God's fullness Heaven is here. [Applause] What kind [Music] bringing us redemption that in the dead of night, not one faithful inside God gracious tender [Music] laid aside his splending to work to win to save my soul. Oh, how you adore him. My breath and my soul shine. He's my only know the great creator became my savior and know God's fullness [Music] in him without reluctance. [Music] Flesh and blood his substance. [Music] [Applause] He took the form of man. [Music] Reveal the hidden lamb. Oh glorious mystery, sacrifice of calary. And now I know the Lord the great I am and I love him. He's my breath and my soul shine. He's my all the great creator. He became my savior and oh God's fullness dwell in him. Oh, how [Music] adore my breath and my soul shine. is my all and know the great creator. He became my savior and know God's fullness dwell in Yeah. [Music] Crossing the calm seas with Jesus. [Music] The disciples were getting concerned. [Music] The wind started violently blowing, but he was asleep at the stir. Oh, does he not care that we perish? Oh, we're helpless and we're so afraid. But Jesus arose when they saw you. And he said to them, "Where is your faith? Because you pray all night. Cuz you held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken. The master. Oh yes, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child, your cries. Have all the master. Oh, and by now your vessel. Oh, yes. The storm of your life had begun. Oh, and seeing no hope in the distance. You're frightened with nowhere to run. And by now, your vessel is filling. Oh, and you're thinking that you'll surely drown. Oh, you cried out for help from the Savior. Oh, yes. And you know you can't give up now. All because you pray. Oh, cuz you held on with all of your mind. out your crowds have. [Music] Oh, the master. Oh, and he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child, your cry, king. Oh, the master. Oh, and it hit you without any warning. The storm of your life had begun. Oh, and seeing no hope in the distance. Oh, you're frightened with nowhere to run. Oh, and by now your vessel is filling. Oh, and you're thinking that you'll surely drown. Oh, you cried out for help from the Savior. Oh, and you know, you can't give up now. Because you pray. Oh, cuz you held on with all of your mind. Child Christ. Oh, have awoken. Oh, the master. Oh, and he knows knows you lift your hand. It's time to rejoice. Oh child, your crying. [Applause] Oh, the master. Oh yes. And you're up there worrying cuz he's fast asleep. Oh, the winds are so deadly. The waters so deep. Oh, but try to be patient cuz soon he'll bring peace. Oh, just one word from his voice and it all mercies. [Applause] Oh yes, because you pray. Oh, cuz you held on with all of your child. Oh, the master. Oh, yes. And he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice child the master. Oh child your cries have awoken the master. [Music] When the valley is deep, when the mountain is steep, oh when the body is weary, [Music] When we stumble and fall and when the choices are hard. [Music] Oh, when we're battered and scars. Oh, when we've spent our resources. [Music] When we've given our all in Jesus name we press on [Music] oh in Jesus name. Oh, we wrestle. [Music] [Applause] Oh, with the prize before our eyes. Oh, we find a strength. Oh, to press on. [Music] Oh, in Jesus name. Jesus name we mer. [Applause] Oh dear. Lord, we p [Music] so before our eyes. Oh, we find the strength. Oh, to press. Oh, dear Lord. Go tear with the eyes. Oh so clear before our eyes [Music] we find the strength to rest on [Music] there is Power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. He will break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. every chain. Break. Every chain will open. There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. Won't you break every chain? Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Every chain. Break every chain. There's a mighty God among us. There's a mighty God among us. Oh, there is a mighty God. He's among us. He will break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. He's here to break every chain. Every chain. Every chain [Music] I can see those chains are falling. [Music] I can see those chains falling. I can see those chains falling. Oh, he'll break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. He will break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. He will break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. He will break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. He's here to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's a mighty God among us. There's a mighty God among us. There's a mighty God among us. He will break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. He's here to break every chain. Every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, break every chain. Every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Every chain. Every chain. I know what it's like. [Music] To be in the presence of the Lord. And I know what time it is [Music] because time stood still. [Music] Bies were here. Families restored [Music] because we stayed here in the presence of the Lord. [Music] No one had to say a word. Couldn't [Music] even make a sound. [Music] But I'd give up everything for this treasure I found. [Music] never wanted to end. [Music] So I say stay. I don't want you to go cuz my heart is burning in your presence Lord. [Music] Oh, please stay. I don't want you to go. [Music] Cuz my heart is burning in your presence, Lord. Oh, [Music] I want more. I want more. I want more. Jesus, I want more. [Music] I want more. [Music] I need you, Lord. I want more. Oh Jesus, I want more. So I say stay. I don't want you to go cuz my heart is burning [Music] in your presence Lord. Oh, please stay. We don't want you to go. Cuz our heart is burning [Applause] in your presence, Lord. I want more. I want more. I want more. Jesus, I want more. Oh, I want more. I want more. I want more. Oh Jesus, I want more. [Music] [Applause] So I say stay. Where else would I go? Cuz my heart is burning. My heart is burning. [Applause] [Music] My heart is burning in your presence, Lord. There's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. There is joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. There is healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There is healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. Oh, and I'm free [Applause] in his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. I'm forgiven and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. There's freedom. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. There is freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh yes. And I'm free his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. I forgive and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever. His presence. Oh yes, I'm free in his presence. and I'm here in his presence. I'm forgive and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There is nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. I'm forgive and I'm not the same. Yes, I've changed forever in his presence. Well, there's healing tonight. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There is healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. Oh yes. And I'm free in his presence. Yes. I'm here. In his presence I'm forgi. No, I'm not the same. This I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here. In his presence I'm forgi and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. [Music] As I kneel in the darkness, in the middle of the night, I'm praying for assurance everything's going to be all right. Lord, I see another battle out in front of me. I'm afraid I won't be able and I'll go down in defeat. And he said, I walked on the water and I calmed the ra. I spoke to the wind. It hushed and I gave you peace. Did I run to your rescue? And I hear you when you fall. I walk right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. Did I leave all of heaven just to die for your sins? I searched until I found you. And I do it all again. Now she's talking to her father in a house that was once a home. Said, "My bills is coming due, Lord. Six days is not that long." She hears a voice so still and low. Says, "I've moved like that before. I'll do this little thing. Oh, but I'll give you so much more. And he said, "I walked on the water and I've calmed the rage and see I swore to the wind. It hush and I gave you peace. Did I run to rescue? Did I hear you when you call? I want to ride right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. Did I leave all of heaven just to die for your sin? I searched until I found you. And I do it all again. He said, "Do you remember, child, where I brought you from? Just take a look behind you and see how far you come." And every time you ask me, "Did I deliver you?" So why would you be thinking that I wouldn't see it through? And he said, "I walked on the water and I cal to the wind." It hushed and I gave you peace. Did I run to rescue? Did I hear you when you call? I walk right beside you. So you wouldn't fall. Did I leave all of heaven just to die for your sins? I searched until I found you and I do it all again. He said, "Do you remember child where I brought you from? Just take a look behind you and see how far you've come. And every time you ask me, did I deliver you? So why would you be thinking that I wouldn't see it through? And he said, "I walked on the water and I cal to the wind." It hushed and I gave you peace. Did I run to rescue? Did I hear you when you call? I walk right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. Did I leave all heaven just to die for your sin? I searched until I found you. And I do it all again. Oh, did I leave all of heaven just to die for your sin? I searched until I found you and I do it all again. If you've been walking same old roads for miles and miles. If you've been hearing the same old voice tell same old lies. If you're trying to fill the same old holes inside. There's a better life. There's a real life testify. If you got pain, he's a painter. Sing if you feel lost. He's a way maker. If you need freom savior, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains break, [Music] we all search for the light of day in the dead of night. And we've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. And we've all things we know just ain't right. But there's a better life. Oh, there's a better life. If you got pain, he's a pain. Oh, if you feel lost, he's a way maker. Oh, you need freom, a savior. He's a prison shaking savior. If you got chain, he's a chain breaker. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. Oh, beauty fre. He's a prison sh. [Music] If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can feel it, somebody testify. If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can't feel it, somebody testify. Testify. If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can feel it, somebody testify. You got him. He's a pain. Oh, you feel lost. He's a rain maker. Beauty bre. He's a prison shaking savior. You got change. He's a change. [Music] If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can feel it, somebody testify. Testify. If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can't feel it, somebody testify. testify. If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can feel it, somebody testify you got pain. He's a pain taker. Oh, you feel lost. He's a way maker. up. You need freedom or saving. He's a prison shaking savior. If you got change, he's a change. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freom or savior, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. [Music] Well, I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, my peace. I'm taking it back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking it back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking back. I'm taking everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, my peace. I'm taking back. I'm taking everything that the devil stole from me. One day, old King David came home to his city called Zig. And while he was gone, big came in and stole everything that he had. But David encouraged himself in the Lord. He made up his mind. said, "I'm on my way to the enemy's camp and taking back what's rightfully mine. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song so I can dance my joy and my peace. I'll take it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. We all know that Satan only comes steal, kill, and destroy. And I must admit, there have been times he's taken away my joy. But I'm serving notice to the devil today. His kingdom is under attack. cuz I'm on my way down to his camp and I'm taking my property back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, my peace. I'll take it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, my peace. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, my peace. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. [Music] Maybe troubled on every hand, but I'm not stressed out. Perplexed about things in life, but I'm not in despair. I'm sometimes persecuted. But I'm never left alone. Cast down but not destroyed. Because I'm one of his own. I'm getting back up. Oh, there's a race I've got to run. I'm getting back up. There's a battle to be won. My feeble hands I'm going to raise with my voice. Going to shout his praise by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm getting back up. I'm making trouble on every hand, but I'm not stressed out. perplexed about things in life, but I'm not in despair. [Music] I'm sometimes persecuted, but I'm never left alone. I'm cast down, but not destroyed because I want to his own. I'm getting back up. Oh, there's a race I've got to run. I'm getting back up. There's a battle to be won. Oh my hands I'm going to raise with my mouth. Going to shout his praise. By the blood of Jesus Christ I'm getting back up. With the whole armor of God, I'm able to stand. The word of God is a sword and a hold in my hand. The shield of faith in front of me. The helmet of salvation on guard of my lungs with truth in my gospel shoes I have put on. I'm getting back up. Oh, there's a race I've got to run. I'm getting back up. There's a battle to be won. My people hands I'm going to raise with my mouth going to shout his praise by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm getting back up. I may be troubled on every hand, but I'm not stressed out about things in life, but I'm not in despair. I'm sometimes persecuted, but I'm never left alone. I cast down, but not destroyed because I'm one of his own. I'm getting back up. Oh, there's a race I've got to run. I'm getting back up. There's a battle to be won. My feeble hands I'm going to raise with my mouth going to shout his praise. By the blood of Jesus Christ, I'm getting back up. Let's sing that course again. I'm getting back up. Oh, there's a race I've got to run. I'm getting back up. Oh, there's a battle to be won. My feeble hands I'm going to raise with my mouth going to shout his praise. By the blood of Jesus Christ, I'll get that back up. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful? There is nothing that my God cannot do. [Music] Amen. Just before we go, while we're here in his presence, I ask brother Harry to sing this song once again because it speaks to my heart. Just worship you that came through the prayer line. Receive what you asked for tonight. And in his presence, acknowledge your God tonight. And let's worship him as we sing this once more. They will know what it's like to be in the presence of the Lord. [Music] And I know what time it is. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Because time stood still. [Music] Bodies were healed [Music] and families restored. Because we stay here in the presence of the Lord. No one had to say a word. [Music] I couldn't even make Oh, I give up everything for this treure of my never wanted. [Music] So I say stay. [Music] I don't want you to go. I don't want you to go cuz my heart is burning [Music] your presence. [Music] Please stay. I don't want you. My heart is burning in your presence, Lord. [Music] And I want more. I want more. [Music] I want more. [Music] Jesus, I want more. I want more. I want more for you. I want more. Jesus, I want more. Oh, I want more. I love you. I Jesus I want. [Music] So I say stay. [Music] I don't want you to go [Music] cuz my heart is burning [Music] in your presence. Lord bless your holy name. Almighty God, you please stay. Where else would I go? Cuz my heart is burning. [Laughter] My heart is burning. [Applause] [Laughter] [Music] Oh my heart is burning for your presence Lord. [Music] Please stay. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your name, oh Lord God. Oh, hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Oh Jesus, you're in the presence of the King. Just lift your hearts with me tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. To be in the presence of the Lord. Time don't matter. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. He believe the Lord touched you tonight. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, he's so good to us. He's so good to us. Amen. Can we just sing one more and we'll we'll dismiss, but Oh, I don't want his presence to leave us. Just please stay, Lord. I don't want you to go. I don't want you to go, Lord. Brother Daryl talked about how big he how big our God is. I climbed the highest mountain. [Music] Looked all around. Couldn't find nobody. [Music] Oh, when I was in my deepest valley, looked all around there, still couldn't find nobody. Nobody. I searched all over, couldn't find nobody. looked high and low. Still couldn't find nobody. Cuz there's nobody greater. There's nobody ger nobody gater than you, Jesus. There's nobody greater. There is nobody greater. Nobody greater than you. Jesus. There's nobody gater. [Music] Nobody greater than you. [Music] Oh, nobody can heal me like you, Jesus. Nobody can love me like you, Jesus. Nobody greater. Nobody can heal me like you, Jesus. Nobody can love me like you, Jesus. Nobody greater. There's nobody greater. There's nobody greater. Nobody greater than you. There's nobody greater. Nobody gater. Nobody greater than you. [Music] Oh, I climbed the highest mountain, looked all around, couldn't find nobody. [Music] The world went down into the deepest valley, [Music] but all around there still couldn't find nobody. Oh star could find high still. There's nobody greater. There's nobody gater. Nobody gesus. There's nobody gater. There's nobody gater. Nobody greater than you. No sickness greater, no depression that's greater, no giant greater than you, Jesus. There's nobody gater. There's nobody gater. There's nobody greater than you. Nobody greater. There's no cancer that's greater. There's no blood pressure greater. Nobody greater than Jesus. Jesus. There's nobody greater. There's nobody gater. Nobody greater than you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, I'm so glad. Those fireworks last night was real pretty, but the ones in here tonight was a whole lot better. Amen. A whole lot better. Praise the Lord. Thank you for coming tonight. May God richly bless you. I think it's there's some food over in the fellowship hall. Make sure you go over there and get some. And just uh remember these needs, the ones that came through the prayer line. Just keep lifting them up and encouraging them. And I believe there'll be some great testimonies come. Amen. Amen. You know, I saw a man one time in Mexico. He came up and pulled up his pants leg and he had a diabetic ulcer that had ate. I could see the bone through the wound and he's going to amputate his leg. and I preached on the bride's checkbook and he said, "Brother Daryl, I want to write a check for my leg." So, we prayed for the brother. About a few months later, I was back down there. The brother come running up to me and pulled up his pants leg. His leg was completely healed. [Music] The only the only thing on his leg was a was a dark spot where the ulcer had been. And he said, "Brother, I went to the doctor and the doctor said, "What did you do? Tell us what you did and we'll tell these other people who's got these ulcers that's going to lose their legs." He said, "I told him I wrote a check to Jesus." Amen. You just send your check up tonight. You just send it up tonight. Amen. Amen. There's one thing about God. It will not come back for insufficient funds. Amen. The goods are there tonight. May the Lord richly bless you. We won't keep you any longer. But has it not been good to be in the house of God. Pray for the brothers that minister tonight in the prayer line. It it just takes a lot out of you. But sometimes you don't even realize how much till you get home. So just remember in the prayer and we thank you brothers for laboring tonight to to minister to God's people. May God richly bless you tonight and brother John would you come and just dismiss us in prayer and Amen. God bless you saints. [Music] I looked on the bottom of my shoe. Here's devil guts. Is that right? He's under our feet. He's under our feet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't you Don't you let the devil take that away from you. Don't you dare let him take that away from you. Soon as you hit them doors, what's he going to do? Oh, that's just emotion. Oh, there was some emotion involved. Amen. You're happy on my part and weeping and crying on yours. Glory. He lost. He lost. Hallelujah. Let's go to the Lord. Heavenly Father, how great you are, Lord. Oh father, I can't wait, Lord Jesus, till I have the strength, Lord Jesus, to praise you the way that I feel, Father. Lord, I can't wait, Lord Jesus, till we can worship you, Lord. Oh, Father, on the other side, but Lord Jesus, while I'm here, oh, Father, I want to give you everything that I can. Glory to God. I want to give you all the praise and all the glory. I want to lift you up, Lord Jesus. How I love you, Lord Jesus. How we thank you, Father, for this word that you give us, Lord. We thank you for the prayer line, Lord Jesus. We thank you for your presence coming down, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for deliverance in the house, Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for those devils that have attached themselves to our our flesh, Lord. They're they're run off, Lord. They're no more, Father. Oh, Lord Jesus, some demons have been hanging out for a long time. Oh, but Father God, they're far from us now. And we thank you, Lord Jesus, how great you are. how we worship you, Lord. I pray, Father God, that you would just anoint the fellowship we have together. Bless the food, Lord Jesus. Lord, we pray, Father, that you would just bless the hands of prepared it, Lord. We love you. We thank you, Lord Jesus. May we go from this place, Lord. May we drive a stake down, Lord Jesus, of what you have done for us, Lord. May we see Lord Jesus the testimonies come forth Lord and may we manifest that that promised word Lord Jesus in our life. We love you. We thank you Lord in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh blessed be your name Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we sing? How great thou art. How great thou art. Is that the way you feel? Is your God great? Oh my God is so great. Oh Lord my God, when I in awome wonder, [Music] I'll sit all the world thy hands have made. Hallelujah. I feel the star. I hear the rolling thunder. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. and see my soul. I say to thee, how great. Hallelujah. I see my soul. I say God to thee. How great. [Music] How great thou are. And when I think that God his son not sparing, [Music] send him to for my sins, my healing. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. That all cross my ben [Applause] [Music] to take away whatever it is that you ask for. Hallelujah. My s hallelujah. This is my soul, my savior to thee. How great. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh myior to thee. How great. [Music] How great. Sing this verse before we go. When Christ shall come. Hallelujah. with a shout of acclamation and take me home. What joy shall fill my heart. Hallelujah. Here I shall you my Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. How great are the [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] My soul, my savior to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. Oh then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. [Music] Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Oh sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
