################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.71 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.71
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__-rZmFCGJs
========================================

Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] The Lord thy God is with me. Do not be afraid. Do not be dismayed. Walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. For the Lord thy God is with thee. Be bold. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Be bold. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Do not be. Oh yes. Do not be. Sing it to him this morning, church. Walk in faith and victory. Walk in faith and victory. Let's stand to our feet if you will. Walk in faith and victory of the Lord. Oh, let's sing it to him with all your heart. Oh, be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Do not be afraid. Do not be dismayed. Walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. For the Lord, my God is with [Applause] me. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "It's the truth." Anyway, it's praise the Lord. Ain't it good to be in the house of God today? Now, most of you are not armed this morning. Probably not carrying guns. And probably most of you don't have switchblades. At least I hope not or concealed weapons of some sort. But you're carrying the greatest one of the greatest weapons you could carry this morning. That's the power of worship. You as a flawed human being with all your faults and all your failures, you come into a building with all your problems that you've got, the devil beating you to death with every one of them. But you can lift your hands and lift your voice and clap your hands and worship your creator. You're packing a great weapon today. Why don't you use it for the glory of God? Use that weapon today. Run into the camp right quick. Run into the camp. Tell everybody get ready. Get ready. Oh, run into the camp. All righty. Get ready. Get ready. Are you ready to take the land? Thank you, Lord. Are you ready to take a stand? Are you ready to take your land for the Lord? My God is with thee. Oh, be bold. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Be be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Do not be afraid. Do not be afraid. We're walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. walking in faith and victory. For the Lord, the Lord, my God, my God is with me. Give him a good hand clap of praise if you love him today. Praise the Lord. Well, it's so good to be in the house of God, isn't it? You glad you're here? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad they're here. Amen. What a privilege it is to be in the house of God. If you're visiting with us today, we certainly want to say we welcome you to our assembly. Pray that God would just bless you and may you feel welcome because you are welcome here this morning. And we want you to feel that way. Visitors, God bless you. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless all of those folks as well. Could we give all these people a good hand this morning if you will? Praise the Lord. We're going to look at her prayer request. We don't have that many. If you'll just stand with me while we do that. Sister Barbara Grley needs prayer for an issue in her foot. She cannot walk this morning. So, we're asking that the Lord would be mindful. Pam Britt sends us in to please keep me and my family in your prayers. We lost my oldest daughter unexpectedly on Friday. So, we're just asking that God would be with those folks. Brother Carter Lawson says, "Pray for my son. He's having medical problems and no medical insurance. Prayers for salvation and that the Lord will make a way. We believe God's able to do that, don't we? Amen. Sister Ruth Louise Jax has a very urgent prayer request. Would like for you to remember her today. Brother Jim Cosner uh requests that the church remember his granddaughter Abigail Cook in prayer suffering from colitis. So we want to remember that request today as we pray. Brother Glenn Tamblinson wants us to remember brother uh Ron Ogle in prayer. He's in the hospital in Phoenix. Very critical. Been on a ventilator for three weeks. So we're asking that God would be mindful of that situation. Uh also he had brother Timlinson has a CT scan this coming Wednesday. I ask for full deliverance from the tumor that you've been praying for me about. Prayer. pray that God will continue to shrink it or let let it be totally gone. Our Lord is faithful to his word. By his stripes, I am healed. So, we want to commit that to the Lord. Uh Naen Finch Lawson says, "Unspoken prayer requests for my son Tommy. Thank you and may God bless." Then we have a card of thanks from brother Greg May. Dear saints, I want to thank all of you for your prayers, text message, cards, flowers with the passing of my mother. It meant the world. It's a blessing being part of this wonderful church. Well, we're blessed to have those folks with us also. Right. Give brother and sister May a good hand this morning if you would. Praise the Lord. All the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's great needs in our group today. We just want to commit all these things under the Lord. Brother David, if you'd come this morning, take us to the Lord in prayer. We just commit all these things under the Lord. Love, Brother David, don't we? Amen, buddy. God bless you. Appreciate you. Let's bow our hearts. Precious Lord, once again, Lord, we're grateful to come into your house. We're thankful for all your many blessings, Lord, and your mercy that you extend to us. Lord, words can't express how much we love you. And we just pray that you'd come in our midst this morning, Lord. We commit ourselves to you. We just we commit these requests to you, Lord. each one each one that was written. It's it's special to the individual and you're you're mindful of each one, Lord. And you're more than able to meet each need. We're not to tell you how to meet it. Lord, you just said you'd meet it. And so, we'll just trust and rest and believe, Lord. We'll always remember the ABCs. Accept, believe, and confess. Help us not to stop confessing, Lord, because you're the high priest of our confession. Pray for this service, Lord, that you'd come into our midst now. Just reveal yourself to us, Lord. We need you. The hour is late. We've assembled together. The time's clock definitely is striking the hour, Lord. We know that Jesus will soon descend. Help us, Lord, prepare our hearts. Anoint this service. We commit ourselves to you in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, brother David. God bless you. Ushers, if you'd like to come this morning, receive the morning tithe and offering you unto the Lord. Look at your neighbor, shake their hand, tell them, "God bless you." Praise the Lord. Amen. It's the quietest place I ever seen in my life this morning. Now, the air conditioning is not in your favor this morning, so we're just uh we're going to have a great time here anyway, right? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give the Lord another good hand clap of praise this morning. Sing. High upon a mountain from where he ascended, the angel of the Lord declared that it would be Oh yes. Amen. He said, "Don't you stand here grieving." Thank you, Lord, for the one that you see leaving. And like man's coming back just like he said. Oh, and I believe he's coming back like he said. I believe a trump is going to sound so loud. He'll resurrect our dead in the twinkling of an eye. He's going to split the sky. And I believe he's coming back like he said. Oh, and I believe the time is nearing that we'll soon see his appearing. Oh, this could be the hour. Oh, this could be the day when the bride from every nation starts to lose gravitation in the middle of the air. become away. And I believe he's coming back like he [Applause] said. I believe a trump is going to sound so loud. He'll resurrect our dead in between of an eye. He's going to split the eastern sky. I believe he's coming back like he said. Brother Justin Reagan, if you'll come on the platform. believe that time is nearing when we'll soon see his appearance. Thank you, Lord. Oh, this could be the hour. I believe it. Don't you? I wish this would be the day when his bride from every nation starts to lose gravitation in the middle of the air be away. [Applause] I believe he's coming back like he said. I believe a trumpet's going to sound so loud. to resurrect our dead in between love and I want to split the eastern sky and I believe he's coming back like he say oh in the twinkling of an eye he's going to splend in the eastern sky. And I believe he's coming back like he said. Just like he said. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a real good hand clap of praise this morning. Thank you, Lord. Want to enjoy Brother Justin as he gets ready to sing. Then brother Harry has a song. You can be seated this morning. David sang the praises of the glory of Jehovah. Paul preached all is lost. same knowing Christ. Little John said he is precious while leaning on his bosom. So for a moment, may I humbly testify? Did I mention that I love him? How I worship and adore him when I can see no way. He makes a way. And did I mention he's been faithful to every promise he's ever made me? I love him. And that's all I want to [Music] say. And how many sermons could be preached about my Jesus? How many songs can be sung about God's [Music] son? There are not enough words, enough notes in the music to tell the story about my Savior and all he's done. And did I mention that I love him? How I worship and adore him? When I can see no way, he makes a way. And did I mention he's been faithful in every promise he's ever made me? I love him and that's all I want to say. And did I mention he's been faithful in every promise he's ever made me? I love him and that's all I want to say. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Brothers, if you put the words to it's my desire up, we we'll all just sing this. Is it your desire? Do you believe what we're hearing preached? Do you feel the call to be the stature of a perfect man? That's what he's looking for. Brother Brandon preached it in ' 62. But somebody someday somewhere, it's going to be flesh in somebody. And I just believe by God's grace that we're part of that that somebody body. Amen. It's my desire to live for [Music] Jesus. It's my desire to live for him. [Music] So often I failed him and brought him shame. It's my [Music] desire to live for him. [Music] Oh, if you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. You would know the reason why I love him so. And you can take this world, its wealth and [Music] riches. I don't need a shame. It's my desire to live for him. It's my desire to help someone today. [Music] Someone who may have failed to see the way for I to once was lost but I found my way to God. It's my desire to live for him. If you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. You know the reason why I love him. So now you can take this world its wealth and riches. I don't want fame. It's my desire to live for him. If you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today, then you would know the reason why I love him. So now you can take this world, it's wealth and riches. I don't need earth's fame. It's my desire. It's my desire. It's my desire to live for him. [Music] [Applause] to see where he brought me from to where I am today. You would know the reason why I love him so. Hallelujah. You can take this world wealth and riches. I don't want earth's fame. It's my desire. Hallelujah. To live for [Music] you. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, I trust, I hope, I pray. That's the desire of every person that's here today. Sure, we have other goals, other motives, other objectives that pertain to life itself. And we don't want to be so heavenly minded that we're no earthly good. But neither do we want to be so earthly minded, we're no heavenly good. We search for the balance of it all, Lord. But all we know is when there is no more United States, one day Johnson City will be laying in smoldering heaps of ashes, our houses, our cars, our bank accounts, all gone. When that great hour comes, that's when it's really going to matter what we've desired the most. This is the reason we've gathered today. Lord, your prophet has told us that we come to church to find out where our faults are. That certainly isn't why most leadyans go to church. Yeah. They go to get their ears tickled and told how good they are. But we've come today that we can find out our shortcomings so that we can become better people in your grace. Speak to us today, Father. We pray in the name of Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be fil filled. If that's our desire today, then our God is obligated to fulfill that promise. Second Peter chapter 1 verse two. welcome you today in the presence of the Lord to be gathered together here in the house of God. I love to go to church. I love to go to church. I'm just God saved me to go to church. I realize a lot of folks say they got saved and they have no desire to go to church. I got saved by a different savior than that. I got saved by one who wants me to go to church and I want to go to church. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him. Notice in verse two, the knowledge of God. Here he calls it the knowledge of him that hath called us unto glory and virtue, whereby given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature. What an honor. Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust, and beside this, giving all diligence, add minister, nourishment, supply, furnish. Add to your faith virtue to virtue knowledge to knowledge temperance to temperance. Patience to patience. Listen to this now. godliness and to godliness, brotherly kindness and to brotherly kindness, charity. God bless you. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. Truly the man, the woman, the boy, the girl that possesses these things in their walk, in their soul, in their life will never fail. You could have great signs and wonders that would follow your life and not have all of these. You could go to church faithfully. You could sell your house, your cars, all your property. You could even give your body to be burned. Sacrifice everything you've worked for your entire life. And you could do that without these. So Peter goes on to say, "Those that lack these things are blind and do not remember from where they came from, and they can't see a far off." It's no wonder to me that God so inspired Peter. I remember this man at one time was so ignorant and unlearned. That was the way the common people of that day knew him. He was an ignorant man. Couldn't write. Probably couldn't read. But look what God did for this man to bring him to such a place that he would be able to write words which have been read, discussed, talked about for 2,000 years. And the majority of people on the earth will never be able to come to what you and I just read. Think of it. People go to church for years of their life. Preachers will stand in the pullpit and preach, do mission trips, sacrifice years of their lives, and never be able to attain to what we just read. And it's not because that you and I is any better because we're just as low down as anybody else. And we all need help, do we not? So, how is it that we desire to have such things? And the majority of Christendom reads over I'll never be able to do that anyway, so I'll just do the best I can and give God what whatever, you know, whatever I can do is what I'll do, and God will have to take it. No, that's not the way our God is. God has demands and God has requirements and God will absolutely produce a people that will meet his requirements. So whatever type of a woman that it is, woman/church that leaves the world in a rapture shows us what kind of God he is. So if liars, whoreongers, filthy, ungodly living people go in a rapture, that proves to me Jesus is a liar. He's a whoreonger. Jesus is filthy. He's rotten. He's low down. Oh my sir. Come on now. Come on. Well, if one of our brothers would marry a street walker, if one of our brothers would marry a woman that's as filthy as she can be, or our sisters, vice versa, that I don't care how much they say they love God and what a great testimony they have. To me, who they marry tells who they really are. Come on. Amen. It's the same of the Lord Jesus. So whoever goes in the rapture that we are believing is near us and expectation in our heart, whoever goes in the rapture because it's evident you can join a church but you can't join the rapture. You you just can't join it. You you've got to have a supernatural power and it'll take the power of God to change every individual that goes in that rapture. And then the individuals that make up the rapture have a personal approval from God that they have met his requirement. And he will prove it by changing their bodies. So it'll be more than saying, "I'm a Christian. I go to church. I'm a preacher. I'm a deacon. I I do this. I do that." All that's well and good, but that's still not personal vindication that he approves of you and accepts you as his wife. So whoever it is around the world that's going to be taken in a rapture in a body change, each of them will have a personal approval from the presence of almighty God that they have met his requirement. And these virtues will be in them and not only in them in a miniature tiny form, but they will be fruitful. They will be bringing forth and they will be ministering one to the other to the other until they become so fruitful in the presence of God that God can crown each one of them with a body change. And those that have lived previous to us in the ages before us that have arrived to this spot, they will receive a personal approval by the release of their theophony from under the altar of God. and their theophony will come down in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, and they will call their own bodies from the dust of the earth. That's pretty good approval if you ask me. That's a whole lot more than just dropping $5 in the offering. That's a whole lot more than saying, "Well, I belong to Word of Life and I go here and I sing specials and I'm I'm the choir director." Oh, that's really good. But still yet, I wanted approval that one day if I'm an old man, maybe I should set this way, an older man, that the power of God will so approve of the life that I live that he will change me back to an 18-year-old boy. Is that the kind of approval you want? Do we want the approval of people or do we want the approval of God? Amen. Now remember, there's an element of this and the prophet tells us when he preached the statue of a perfect man that there are people that have many of these things naturally on their own. So they can have an element of faith, element of virtue, knowledge, temperance, all those things. But yet the kind we want is actually the kind that comes from the fountain and the source of eternal life, which is Jesus Christ himself. I don't want my faith. I don't want yours. and you don't want mine because mine will will run out. But I want the faith of the Lord Jesus. So with the faith of the Lord Jesus, I could look at any obstacle and still believe him. So when I ask him for things and he says, "No, no, no, Donnie. I'm not giving it to you. No, this is out of my will. It does not please me that I won't pout. I won't get all upset. I I ain't going back no more with the faith of Jesus. I'll say what Jesus said. Nevertheless, not my will, but thy will be done. Because God the Father told Jesus Christ, "No." And Jesus didn't get mad. Jesus didn't start skipping out on church and say, "Well, I ain't going back to church no more. I prayed and the father loved me and he said he lived in me and he he abided in me and I asked him to spare me of the cross and he wouldn't do it. So I ain't going back. I matter of fact I ain't going back to heaven no more. I'm just going to pout on God. You know but what did he say? Not my will but thy will be done. How many wants that kind of faith? Now watch. The prophet said, "Now when we put the blood of Jesus Christ in sin, that brings the faith of Jesus Christ, the virtue of Jesus Christ, the knowledge of Jesus Christ, the temperance of Jesus Christ, the patience of Jesus Christ." So this is not you and I struggling and trying to produce it. It's us yielding ourself and doing our part of the requirement and letting the life of God live his own virtues out of us. Now remember though when that happens that there'll still be that battle between his faith, virtue and strength and knowledge and so on battling against your flesh because you still are living in this prison house and circumstances and events will arise around you and the devil will always want you to respond first by this. That's right. By this. Let this do the talking. Let this make the decisions. Let this determine how you feel. Emergencies come up and things are absolutely so difficult and the devil wants us to respond by this first instead of being patient waiting and let the faith of Jesus respond. Let the knowledge of Jesus respond. Notice the bottom of the paragraph there. He said, "This is the perfect man of God when he possesses these virtues." Now, whenever we look at what God anointed Peter to write and he starts out with faith and virtue, then he goes to knowledge. And we looked at it before, of course, that many folks think knowledge is just knowing scripture and knowing the message. But the divine knowledge of God involves so many things of our everyday life. It's knowledge about how to deal with one another. It's knowledge about how to respond in circumstances. It's knowledge on how to be able to divide ourselves from unbelief, but be able to pray for those that we disagree with. You see, the knowledge of God, if we can ever tap into that in the right way, you'll be surprised how much it'll help you in the life that you live, even in the trials and the difficulties of life. I love the way he said it this way. Knowledge not worldly. It reasons. any kind of worldly knowledge, reason. See, but faith has no reason. God reveals to you a certain certain thing that's going to happen. Every scientist in the world could say it's contrary. It could not happen, but you believe it anyhow. Now, watch. I thought he was talking about knowledge. He was. But notice how he pull knowledge and faith together. You see, sometimes knowledge will couple itself together with temperance. Sometimes knowledge might couple itself together with brotherly kindness to give you knowledge to know how to deal with your brothers when things are going on. That's kind of rubbing this old flesh right here. Praise the Lord. So, it's not like that these things work independently alone by themsel all the time. And there may be issues in your life that you'll need all seven of them at one time to help us. one issue and then there might be other issues that one will be the predominant one. faith will come up my it's got them mighty muscles hair on its chest as the prophet says and all the rest of the virtue says go ahead brother faith take care of it boy faith steps to the forefront of the battle and they're still there but faith is the one that's needed other times it'll be brotherly kindness and faith will just bear back because faith can come on so strong at times oh hallelujah let me add glory to God when sometimes you need brotherly kindness. So sometimes it's not always how loud we scream and how tough we want to make our faith be known. Brotherly kindness can submit itself to one who's going through a tremendous trial. And your faith may be bulldog face and you want to reach and grab a hold of them and man, what in the world's matter with you? Straighten up. But brotherly kindness will look at them and maybe divine knowledge of God will remind you of discernments when people would come through the prayer line and the prophet would tell them people have told you to get next to yourself. But you can't. Faith has its place. A lot of us have made fools of oursel. with our great powerful strong faith. No doubt we've displeased the Lord greatly so many times because we've used our faith instead of temperance, brotherly kindness, and knowledge to be able to acond to a brother or sister that's not as strong as what you are. So you see the element that God wants us to be able to understand how to live and do is to know that there's a great spiritual pride that goes with any supernatural thing that God God does for us. This is what destroys many preachers, many churches, singers, musicians, so on. But what we want is the kind of knowledge that will help us when we're dealing with various situations in our life that God will give us the direction that we need. And I think it's pretty evident by some of the decisions that I've made. And uh I'll go ahead and include you all just so you feel included that from from looking at you all and pastoring many of y'all for many years. It it it it kind of just you know I'm just convinced that many of you all needed more godly knowledge as well. You wouldn't be in the situation that you're in today had you followed the leading of God. So this type of knowledge, it helps us in dealing with one another. It helps us to deal with trials and test. It will help us when God will do something phenomenal for us in our life. And it will give us knowledge to know how do we relate that to others? Do we share that or was that just for us and God to know? That's good. God has a hard time finding people that he can deal with and then still stay humble. You see, when you ask for something and you don't get it, knowledge, divine knowledge can help you to accept and know that the perfect will of God sometimes will bring such pain. So, which would most of us rather have a miracle or a death? If you have a a loved one that that's a point of death, a child, a daughter, a husband, a wife, and we could choose. Which one would we choose? Which one would we choose for our testimony to be? I was the one that was blind. I was the one that was lame. I was the one that crippled and they prayed for me. Glory to God. And we think that's a great testimony. You ever notice we don't have testimony meetings for those that God said no to? Come on. I get all the prayer requests and all the testimonies. Most of the time I have the speaker off back there because I'm praying. So I don't hear what's going on out here. So the song leaders will lay them on my desk and I take them home and I open each one and I pray over them. But it's amazing the testimonies. Well, I had this and this and brother Daryl prayed for me. Praise the Lord. God heal me. I had this and God healed me. But it's amazing. We don't get no testimonies. I asked God to heal me and God said no. But I love him now more than I've ever loved him. Amen. You know why? We don't deem that a testimony worth sharing. Cuz in our thinking, this is the way that we believe it. We have a need. God answers it according to what many times we think and then we want to testify or would you think somebody would think less of you because you had a need and request and you begged God. You didn't just ask, you begged God and God said no. You want anybody to know that about you? Good preaching knowledge. Wonderful thing to have, right? Yeah. You see, divine knowledge gives us that spot to where we understand he's perfect and he makes no mistakes. And from where we're looking at it, we cannot see all that he can see. So for us, and he doesn't fault us for that, of course, because he knows we have such limited spiritual insight. Even in the natural things of life, the way we look at them, we evaluate them. Who in the right mind would have ever told General Joshua to go down there and march around the walls of Jericho? Facts. No walls had ever fallen, no historical proof or record that any such walls had ever fallen just by people marching around them and shouting. So, who in their right mind would think that would work? But God's knowledge says, "This is going to be the first time I want to do it." G. So what Joshua do? Exactly what God told him to do. Why? Because there was an element there that he didn't understand. He said, "You know what? God knows more about tearing down walls than I do. So I'm just going to trust him. I'm going to believe it." And yet whenever it comes to that, look at what Paul said in Colossians 1:9. For this cause we also since the day we heard it do not cease to pray for you and to and to desire that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will. Filled. Wonder how our lives would be transformed if every day from this Sunday morning service on we start making it a daily prayer to God. God, fill me with the knowledge of your will for my life. Amen. Some of you would quit struggling with, "Do I have the Holy Ghost? Do I not have the Holy Ghost?" You're looking at your manity and you're looking at this and you're looking for that and you let the devil rob you of your joy. You let the devil rob you, your family, and so on and so on. Because many of you are looking for things that it's not reality. It's not realistic. You're thinking that when a Christian gets the Holy Ghost, my they're just going to hit the high places in life and valleys are something that's gone by. Well, if that's so, they ain't nobody here got the Holy Ghost. Even brother Brandham didn't had it. Cuz I'll tell you one thing, the more loyal you are to God, the more testing you're going to have. Is that right? The more you submit yourself to him, the more he finds you worthy to prove portions of his word that he cannot use baby Christians for. Oh my. So here Paul was praying for the saints at Colass and desire that they might be filled with the knowledge of God in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. Now let's turn if we can to the book of 2 Corinthians and let's read about another display of the knowledge of God dealing with the supernatural realm. I I believe every one of us here today that love the Lord, we love the supernatural. I absolutely love the supernatural realm of God. Now by that I don't mean that it is the natural realm and I try to make it supernatural. God don't need my help to be able to transform things that are natural occurrences into supernatural. But I do believe in the supernatural. Now watch Paul here, the great church age messenger of the first age. And he said, I knew a man in Christ about 14 years ago. Whether in the body I cannot tell. Whether out of the body I cannot tell. God knoweth. Such and one caught up to the third heaven. Now remember, brother Brandham said when he went went beyond the curtain of time that he was caught up to the first heaven, the first heaven. But Paul actually went to the third heaven. How that he was caught up into paradise. So now remember paradise before the cross was down next to the dimension of the regions of the lost. But now paradise had been emptied out and relocated. Praise God. Only Jesus can relocate paradise. How that he was caught up into paradise and heard unspeakable words. So Paul was caught up into this realm and heard beings, cherubams, saraphims, angels, God. We don't know. We don't know who was doing the talking. But whatever it was this man heard, they were unspeakable. Now, he didn't, it wasn't that he didn't understand and know what was going on, but when he come back down, he said, "I'm not even allowed to say one of those words." What I heard was so profound. And heard unspeakable words which is not lawful for a man to utter. So it must have been angelic beings that were talking. Wonder what they were saying. And Paul said it was unlawful for him to utter it. Of such and one will I glory. Yet of myself. Now watch how Paul separates the man who went up there from the man who's doing the writing. Now remember, it was not Paul's physical body. It was Paul's hallelujah soul, the seed, the genos of God. Of such a one will I glory. Yet of myself, I will not glory. He said, but in my infirmities, for though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool. Wow. So you mean people can glory in the things of God and take it too much to this right here and when we do it we become fools and the church said well the rest of you can say ouch and oh me and help me Lord and all that I shall not be a fool for I will say the truth but now I forbear, lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be. Now, I want you to notice now Paul knowing that he's he he's had a great great ministry with the Lord, but he he's trying to keep the balance of bringing what God showed him and yet struggling with his his view and perception among the people that the people will not make him more than what he is and that he himself will not make him more than what he is. And he says, "Lest I should be exalted above measure. This heavenly experience could have ruined his earthly ministry." But almighty God was determined. He was not going to let that happen. Amen. So God is going to let the devil Yes, sir. the devil, not the Holy Ghost, not great meetings, healings, signs, wonders, but a demon out of hell. Well, glory. Amen. Lest I should be exalted above measure. Look at the word exalted. Exalt oneself. To lift or raise up over something. To lift oneself up. Beaughaughty. To carry oneself hottily. behave insolently towards one. So you mean a man of this caliber that would see such a thing that he couldn't even say anything about the words that he heard, he could just say, "This happened to me, but I can't really tell you all all that was involved in it. I just can't do it. It's it's it's illegal. It's against the law of God for me to even tell you what I heard. But then God looks at it and said, "Paul, because I allowed you to have this, I love you so much, and I ordained you to be my first church age messenger, but Paul, I realize your flesh is unconverted and your body don't have the Holy Ghost. And Paul, you're going to fight pride because your revelations are so so prevalent over Peter, John, James, Bartholomew, Thaddius. Because I've given you such revelations, I'm going to have to put a thorn in your body, Paul. Dear God, help us. Lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations. You got to be kidding me. The abundance of the revelations. Look at this word now. far more exceeding, more excellent out of measure. Metaphorically, superiority, excellence, preeminence beyond measure. Wow. Nobody could write a book of Hebrews like Paul. Nobody could write a book of Ephesians or Philippians or Galatians or Phelimon or Colossians or 1 and 2 Thessalonians, 1 and 2 Timothy, on and on and on. Nobody had the understanding that the man had. And Paul said, "God made it known to me through what?" Divine knowledge. A knowing sometimes is greater than a deliverance. Amen. Wow. Amen. Did that go over the top of your heads? Sometimes a knowing a knowing why that you're dealing with it. A knowing why it's out loud and tolerated. Don't you understand what Paul is sharing with us? What father had shared with him? A divine knowledge about his life. Hey, once he once he looks at he said, "Oh, okay. It makes perfect sense now, Lord. Thank you." Yes, it makes perfect sense. So, what did he share with us? Divine knowledge. Faith would have been wonderful, but faith wouldn't have given him this. Brotherly kindness. Well, he didn't need brotherly kindness. Not in this instance. What did he need? The knowledge of the will of God. God, why am I going through this? I don't understand. I love you. If there's anything wrong in my life, help me. Lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations. It's strange to me that revelations are accompanied by thorns. That's right. Don't raise your hands, but I wonder how many of us would definitely want revelations. Do you want the thorns that come with them? We can all be honest today, right? That we're no better than Paul was. We're not near the people that he was and never will be. Now notice God's answer in the attribute. What what's he writing here? The knowledge not the knowledge of Paul but the knowledge of Jesus Christ. So God projected to Paul this understanding. This is why I can't take it away. Paul, you need this. Through the abundance of the revelations that was given unto me, a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan, a man who talked with angels, a man who heard words that we still to this day don't know what they were. That's one of the first things I want to ask him when I see him. What were them words? What did you see? Tell me now. Tell me. Now I can Now I can take it and you can take it. What was it that was so great? So we're talking about somebody filled with the Holy Ghost. Audience participation will be appreciated. So we're talking about someone filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. We're talking about a church age messenger. Amen. A prophet of God. And he still needed a thorn. Why? His body didn't have the Holy Ghost. Yours don't either. Now notice, he says, "There was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me." Buffet, not possess, this is not unclean living. Now, but buffet, look at the meaning of this word to strike with the fist. Oh, bless your little darling hearts. Some of you all thought this was buffeting, didn't you? The way you whip your children. Me and Carol was going through TJ Maxx the other day and there's a squalling young in there that needed my belt on its posterior part of its body. And what was it? What was it that the mother said, Carol, I'm counting to five or seven or 10? I I told Carol we stand right in front. I said, "It ain't no wonder it's squaling. It knows it's got four or five more before anything even happens." Is that right? So, I want you to notice the word that he uses now when he describes this. But he doesn't have an attitude. You see what I'm saying? So he's not saying, "God, what in the world? I mean, you're the one who showed me that. Why don't you just leave me alone? If it was going to cause me all this trouble, why don't you just leave me? Let me be a dumb son. Just let me be dumb. Just let me walk on the earth and just kind of, you know, just struggle along. You're you're the one that's responsible. It's all your fault." Amen. But you see, divine knowledge helps you in the midst of your trial to be able to look at and say, "My father makes no mistakes. The Lord give and the Lord took away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I had nothing when I come into this world and he saved me. He sanctified me. He filled me with the Holy Ghost. And if he's letting me go through this trial, it will work out for the glory of God." Praise the Lord. Oh my. Look at this word. To strike with the fist. Give one a blow. Wham with the fist. To malt treat, treat with violence and contempt. And God let a demon do this to Paul. You imagine after you'd have a great revelation from God. I cannot imagine what this man went through after he wrote the book of Hebrews. Poor old guy. But I thought I bet you he felt like he was going to die because the abundance of the revelation just what little bit God allows us to go through. You ever been that when boy, you just have a great time in your life and you reach a great crescendo in God and God does some great things for you and my goodness on Monday morning you have a great service on Sunday and Monday morning the car won't start the donkey won't break you know you ain't got no corn for your chicken the hogs is out the cows is out everything in the world's going to say what in the world what in the world happened it was that good service yesterday but don't miss church next Sunday because the difficulty that's going to come on But you realize it's part of it. It's part of who we are. Divine knowledge lets us know that. Believe me as a preacher. When you go and God gives you meetings or we have wonderful services right here, that human element says, "Dear God, I did it, Lord. Oh, I did it, Lord. I did it." Why? to keep Donnie smashed down. To keep you from being exalted and walking around on the streets in Johnson City. Look at me. Oh my. I'm the bride. That nose of yours stuck up in there. If it rained, it drowns you. Amen. If your bride, you ought to be so humble and so thankful. Instead of walking through the mall and looking at every Jezebel there and condemning them, you ought to say, "God, have mercy on their poor souls. They don't realize the darkness that's over them." Oh my. Oh, look at this friends. He says, "So I was given a thorn in the flesh, a messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure." So watch what happens. The revelations that were given to him were beyond the measure of his brothers. And because they are, Satan saw it as an opportunity. I'll I'll work on him. I'll work on his mind. I'll work on his pride, his arrogance, and I'll have him to exalt himself above his brothers. And you see, the higher that we get in our own eyes, the smaller our brothers look. So we climb higher and higher. my life, my church, my ministry, my people, my my my my. And on the ladder, we're ascending. I wish somebody would say, "Amen." Amen. Oh my. Well, that was pretty weak. lest I should be exalted above measure. For this thing I bought the Lord thrice that it might depart from me, drift away, to remove, to go away, to depart from anyone, to desert, withdraw from one. and he said unto me, "My grace," I love this word. I love this word grace. Let's let's let's read the meaning of it together. Karice is the Greek word. Favor, that which affords joy. I wonder how many of us even know the meaning of this word. We think it's it's something God gives to you when you're lost and God saves you and that that's it. That's not all of what grace is. Grace will help you through your trials. Grace will help you through the things in life. That which affords joy, pleasure, delight. I need more grace, Lord. Amen. I need more grace, Lord. Pleasure. Don't you understand how Paul could come and say, "Then I rejoice in my infirmities." How could he do that? Grace. Paul didn't need grace to be saved. He needed grace to endure a gouging thorn. Notice this. used of the merciful kindness by which God exerting his holy influence upon souls keeps, strengthens, increases them in Christian faith, knowledge, affection and kindles them to the exercise of the Christian virtues. Now this come from the Strong's concordance not statue of a perfect man. But you know what it proves to me? Our prophet which couldn't even speak Greek and Aramaic but he spoke the language of God. Hallelujah. And he said unto me, my grace is sufficient. I will allocate Paul not forgiveness of your sins and not to re redeem you. He's already redeemed. He's already saved. He's already got the Holy Ghost. But what I'm going to impart to you is divine grace. And coupled with that grace I'm giving you now is an element of my knowledge about my will for your life. And I'm showing you the reason that it must be there. It's for your good, Paul. It's for your good. You imagine it was very hard for him whenever he was trying to write. And the prophet tells us, of course, it was his eyes. And whenever he'd get so bad, brother Dao, and he couldn't see, and he would have to write in big old letters. But Paul needed that. Paul needed that. And God allowed it to come. And then God turned around and gave him the grace to get through it. Oh, hallelujah. And he said unto me, "My grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. weakness, infirmity, disease, want of strength, want of strength. And capacity requisite to bear trials and troubles. for my strength is made perfect in your weakness. Now listen how Paul reacts to this. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Now I want you to notice he's not turn around and say well that old devil I'll tell you one day he does this and he does that. that devil. He don't even acknowledge how great the devil is. He's not saying how powerful the devil is. He turns that very thing around and says, "I will rejoice." What allowed this to happen to him? God with an illumination of his divine knowledge, opened up a portion of the will of God for Paul's life. When the channel was open, God ministered grace. He received that grace through divine knowledge and it totally transformed his testimony. That's why some of us have such a negative opposite testimony of what we ought to have. I don't understand why I'm going through this and why I'm going through that. Instead of being able to tap into the knowledge of God, well, the Lord knows exactly what's going on. I've searched my life. I don't understand this and don't understand that. But it's for a reason. Praise be to God. If God wants to heal me, he'll heal me. If God wants to let me go through this trial, he'll let me go through the trial. But either way, I'll serve him either way. I wish somebody would preach with me this morning. Are we going to let our trials get us down? Are we going to let our troubles get us down? Are we going to let our nos when God says absolutely no? Are we going to get an attitude against God? Not me, brother, sister. I want to love him if he answers prayers. And when he says no to my prayer, who am I anyway? Who are you that God owes us anything? Almighty God by his power knows what he's doing in our lives. [Applause] Wow. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Can you imagine the presence of God finds its resting place on the soul of a believer when they've submitted to his will. Don't you want a life that the spirit of God can rest? What an awesome word to use? The power of God can rest. Can the spirit of God rest on us, church? Can we be the resting place of the spirit of God? That our lives are so submitted to his will that the spirit of God is not grieved by being around us because of our grumbling and our complaining and so on and so on. Oh, hallelujah. The trial Paul must endure, but I'll give you grace to go through it. Paul asked for it to leave him, but instead God gave him grace to endure it. My grace is sufficient for thee. The Lord answered his prayer, but not in the way he thought. And no doubt he'd be like the rest of us cuz he was a very honest man. He said, "Well, it wasn't exactly what I wanted, but God knows exactly what I need." He doesn't supply. He does not tell us in his word, I'll supply all your wants. But he does say, I will meet all your needs. And most of us Leodyans have got way more wants than we do needs. When it comes right down to it, we could survive with a whole lot less than what we've got. And the church said, "Oh, but our father will absolutely provide everything we have need of." That's right. Amen. Oh, by giving him grace, it deposited an assurance through the channel of divine knowledge. Oh. Oh, okay. You imagine the devil had been said, "Oh, you're you're a prophet. Look at you. You're this and that and the other and God won't even remove this." You imagine when God dropped that to him and said, "Hey, devil, did you hear that? Back off. Back off. You told me he didn't love me. This proves to me how much he does love me because he knows I am my greatest enemy. And if he don't allow this to happen while I'm in this type of a body, I could become proud. I could become arrogant. It could be to my demise. That experience could destroy me. Amen. I don't mind telling you friends. I want everything that God has for me, but I never have. And I am not going to start today asking God for all kinds of supernatural this and supernatural that and gifts and this and that and the other. Because God can't trust everybody with them. And if I'm one of them type of people, so be it. God will never let it come by my way. Amen. Amen. You feel the same way? Listen to what you can do with the gift. God's prophet said, "Now I realize that a man can take a divine gift and send his soul to hell with it. I'm talking about drinking, smoking, adultery, lying, fornication. But a man can take a divine gift and send his soul, him, the man send his own soul to hell with what? A divine gift. So Lord, if I can't handle them, don't send them my way. And I'm going to say the same thing for you. Lord, if you can't handle it, you can't. You can't. You can't. Please don't send it to Brother Aaron if he can't handle it. Lord, please don't send it to Brother Skip if he can't handle it. Please don't send it to our sisters if it would damn their soul to hell. Amen. I'll give y'all a few minutes to recuperate. Them quotes kind of do that to us, don't they? They make your knees kind of tremble and Listen to this. A man can take a divine gift and send his soul to hell. You know that a gift from God. I don't mean just something that you imagine. I mean, if God has really given something and give it to your charge, you've got to use that with the wisdom of God. See why we need the virtues? But if we're not careful, we want the gifts first and we don't know how to use them. We don't know what to do with them. Amen. It's going on in our ranks, friends. People are telling people things in the name of the Lord. You've got this on you. You've got that on you. You've got that on you. Sending people in terrible states. heard of an individual sister and a preacher told her a certain thing which was not true. Her mother and father had to take her and put her in an insane institution. Remember the video that we have of brother Brandham and a woman comes up And he tells her, "The people have told you you've got a spirit of a witch on you. Remember that?" She cries and carries on. Look how dangerous it can be. Oh, God help us. Remember the prophet going to brother Neville, and the spirit of God woke him up and told him 3:00 in the morning, something like that, and said, "Go tell brother Neville." Right? I find that instance interesting because brother Random is not the type of individual that would publicly want to embarrass people. So he goes to brother Neville privately tells brother Neville about that and he said the reason was because the people was pulling on brother Neville and he would go to telling them things that was not right. No doubt brother Neville repented and made it right before God. Why would brother Brandham then publicly mention that situation when that man had no doubt made it right before the Lord and that was brother Neville sitting right behind brother Brandham question answer 64 when brother Brandham tells it and you can hear brother Neville amen that's a real son of God right there remember Christ spirit oh hallelujah Christ's gifts are subject to Christ teaching. Christ spirit is subject to Christ's teaching. And the church said, "Why in the world would brother Brandham feel the need to publicly let thousands and thousands of people in the years to come hear of this thing that Brother Neville did after he had made it right before God. No doubt we needed to hear it. Now you imagine, brother Neville hair, if it been if it been mean you and you you was prophesying and saying stuff and I'd come to you and just say, "Brother Donnie, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Please forgive me." And then I get up next Sunday saying, "I'll tell you one thing. I had to go to Harry and tell him I say, Lord have mercy. Lord, I if he do his own brother that way, what would he do me? Same way. So, no doubt brother Brandham was not a vindictive. You understand friends what I'm saying? He was not a vindictive type of guy. He must have known. We would need to hear that. Why? Why? Because people can go to telling somebody, you've got this on you and you've got that on you and you've got this. As a preacher called out my wife years ago on Pentecost, told her she's called to preach. Now, she did a good job preaching to her congregation, Alicia Erica. Another preacher called her out and told her she had cancer. Listen to me, children. Demons can get in the mouths of preachers and try to get you to accept something that you don't even have. They can get in the mouth of your doctor, too. They can get in the mouth of your PA or whatever more and say, "You've got this and you've got that. Don't you sign for that thing." Words have power in them. Oh my. How many people have been thrown through terrible trauma in their life because a preacher said, "You've got this, you've got that." And they knew within their heart they did not have it. But if they're not careful, their confidence in that preacher will make them accept it. No, no, no, no, sir. No, no. If I don't have the ability to deal with the gift, keep them away from me. Come on, children. Why is it that we deem those who supposedly have gifts are much more spiritual than those who don't? Oh, you have to deal with some of the cleanup that I have to deal with over this trash, you'd understand why I'm saying what I'm saying this morning. Notice God can't trust his gifts with everybody. Do you believe that? When God gives you a gift, you have to watch what you're doing with it. Do you believe that? Apparently, he wanted us to believe that, didn't he? Amen. Did you know a man could take a gift of God and send his soul to hell with it? Brother Donnie, that scares me to death. I don't even want no gifts. Well, what we need to do is say, Lord, if you ordained me to have them, let me have them. If you didn't, keep them away from me. Amen. I only want to be what God wants me to be and ordained me to be. I know I'll never be much. I'll never amount to much. I'll never accomplish much. I don't know that already. And you know what? I'm good with that. If I just live this little teeny tiny life and I'm a little bitty tiny ant and I'm just going around in the message like this and I'm just scuttering over here and over there and there's great big giants all around me ever giant preachers, you know, giant believers in the message and I'm just this little ant and I'm just going, "Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus." But remember, King Solomon took a text on the ant. So don't leave me out of the mound. I may not be a big giant with big footprints about that on, but if God ordained me to be an ant, I'm going to be a busy little fella. If God ordained me, hallelujah, to be out of the limelight, praise be to God. I just want to please him with all of my soul. Anybody else feel that way you're this morning? I don't have to be big. I don't have to be important, but what I have to be is pleasing to God. [Applause] You'll watch on the platform and you seldom hear me say something about, "I cast out this devil." I have to see first. If it's the will of God to do that, I've seen it, Brother John, in prayer lines, many young preachers, people will come through and man, you devil, I'll tell you, I think, yeah, you better be careful, buddy. If that person's got a sin in their life and God allowed that thing to be there and you by your authority, if you have any by your authority make it leave, do you understand God makes you answer for it? Yes, sir. Sometimes when y'all come up for prayer and you'll notice that I delay and I wait or you're listening to my prayer, which I know you do, and you see where I'm going. You say, "Well, he did. He didn't say this. He didn't say that." I'm waiting from for direction from father. I got enough to deal with the way it is. I sort of want to stand before God and have to answer for that. Oh my goodness. What am I talking about this morning? Divine knowledge. That's right. Amen. Now, of course, we'd rather have gifts. Let's preach about the gifts. Let's talk about the gifts. Let's talk about divine knowledge. how to use the gifts and then maybe the Lord will pour them out among us. It's evident, friends, a message people ain't got enough sense to know how to use a lot of them. Thank you, Jesus. Notice again, let every word be established in the mouth of two, three witnesses. The prophet talking about casting out a devil. You seldom hear me say something about I cast out this devil. All right. To see first whether it's the will of God or not to do that first. I pray for the person but never call over that demon. You mean to tell me that he would just ask a prayer of blessing but without a release from God he would not charge that devil to leave. He had authority to do it. But he had divine knowledge from God on certain instances. You leave that alone. Don't rebuke that. Can I go on a few more minutes? There must have been a disconnect there. Uh, can I go on a few more minutes? Do you realize that a gift of that type, now listen, this is a continuation of the same sermon there. Do you realize a gift of that type could send your soul to hell? Now, I guess I'm wondering why that we don't hear message preachers preach these quotes or is this a part of the message that we actually don't really believe? Oh my. Because as we go on in time, it's evident some of the preachers standing behind pulpit saying they are preaching the message are dissecting, cutting, splicing, taking what they want. That ain't going to happen in this church as long as I'm in my right mind. And I hope if I get out of my right mind, y'all vote me out and get somebody that's in the right mind. Who do you figure knew more about how to operate in that supernatural realm? A prophet of God that had dealt there for years or somebody like me or somebody like brother Daryl or somebody like brother John who's well. Oh, sure. We've had great experience with the Lord. Nothing like what this prophet dealt with. nothing. There's not a man on the earth and never will there be that will ever walk even close to where he walked. I'm going to take his opinion over my own, much less yours. Opinions are like noses. Everybody's got one. But we're not running this church according to your nose or your opinion. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Notice again he says, "How many knows that you could send your soul to hell with a divine gift?" Sure can. You have to watch what you're doing. Now you imagine if brother Neville would have continued on and prophesied over people until this one this and this one that there was nothing but the flesh or an impression. Uh you've got a spirit of hate on you and you've got this on you and you and you're sitting there thinking that's not my battle. I don't I don't hate nobody. I that's not true. Then you go out and say that's a servant of God. That's a man of God. What what in the world? And I put you through months and months of trials because of an impression of an evil spirit. Proverbs 16:18 says it this way, "Pride goeth before destruction and a hotty spirit before a fall." Oh, that's Old Testament, Brother Donnie. Well, let's read it from the New 1 Timothy 3:5. Paul talking about getting a pastor of a church. If a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God? Amen. Not a novice. Talking about getting a pastor. Not a novice. It's amazing to me, friends, how dumb, how spiritually dumb some message people are that would put noviceses to lead their churches. You got to be kidding. They will walk away from a mature servant of God and some upstart that ain't even got enough sense to know how to set the church in order. And they will leave a church that's established under the presence of God and set under a novice. Of course, the thing of it is a lot of them wants positions and a lot of these politicians in the message will give you a position. My business education teacher whenever I went to school, I won't mention her name. She's probably dead now anyway. But anyway, I was her pick. I didn't want to be. I never asked to be, but she wanted me to be. And she said, "I want you to run for president." And I said, "I don't want to be president." She said, "Well, I want you to be vice president." I said, "I don't want to be vice president." So, they voted. The class voted. Yeah. They voted for this, voted for that. I seen this look come over her face, wore glasses, short, about that big, about that big around. Sat there and I seen her look at me and she had that look on her face. I thought, "Uh-oh, I'm in trouble." So, after the vote was over, she come up and said, "Donnie, I went up to her desk." She said, I said, "Yes, ma'am." He said, "I am appointing you to be second vice president." There was no second vice president, but she wanted me to be in a position so bad. Let me tell you something. Word of life. I'm not here to offer 13 deacon ships and 14 trustee ships and associate to the associate to the associate of the paper picker upper on the parking lot. I'm not here to offer you a position in the body, but I am here to tell you that you can find a position in Christ Jesus, full of the Holy Ghost, and escape the hell that's fixing to come on this earth. Let's stand if you can get up. Oh my I don't have any more trips overseas planned. Y'all want me to see if I can schedule something? I received invitations from Poland, from Rome, from Venice, from uh all over everywhere. Latvia while I was gone. I told Carol said, "Church ain't going to like that." After preaching like this, I might have been wrong. But the thing of it is those people that I saw there in those meetings, they're streaming you right now. Praise the Lord. Because people all over the world are wanting to be told the truth. But the Bible says in the last days they'll have itching ears. And that's what a lot of them want, a preacher that'll scratch their itch. If I can ever figure out how to take this sword and scratch your itch, I'll do my best. I've never figured out how to scratch an itch with a sword. I'm not here to scratch your itch. You may dislike me now, and I might make you angry sometimes. That breaks my heart. Cuz you know, I've told you before, as a child, I didn't have no friends. Hardly. I had a flashback the other day when I was in Switzerland. I met so many friends there. It just done something to me. But I was laying there one morning. Carol hadn't woke up yet, and I was just laying there thinking, God, you've been so kind to me. And I went back to the second grade sitting on the playground of the Wayne County Elementary School. My clothes were ragged. People laughed at us because we were poor. Nobody ever want to play with me. I never had no friends. Nobody ever liked me. When I got older, become a teenager, some guys said they wanted to be my friends, which I never did understand why. But my friends, so-called were the ones who brought Playboy magazines to school. And they would knock me down on the floor. And I'd put my hands over my eyes like this. And one of them would set a straddle on my chest, and one pull this arm down, that arm down, and then two more would get up here like this, and pull my eyes this way. And that were my friends. And I laid there and I thought, Lord, you've been so good to me. I got so many friends and I'm grateful. But I want people to be a friend to me. Not because what they can get out of me, but because they love the truth of God's word. Right? So, it's been hard. So, because of that, whenever I've had friends, I don't want to lose them. I want to hold on to them. And there's a I have to be honest, there's a fear in me that my friends will one day I'll go away and I won't be a a second grader on the parking lot, but I'll be a an old preacher in the message parking lot. It ain't been that many years ago that I stood there. Hardly a preacher would call me. Nobody wanted any meetings. Nobody wanted me to come for any conventions because they thought I was nuts for what I was preaching. And here I stand. Humanly, I'd rather just come together and just preach something and just make us all be happy and praise the Lord. Oh my, let's just all smile. But in my soul, I've got to tell the truth. And that's the kind of men that we want behind this pull pit, too. Vistant preachers, local brothers here. That's the kind of men we want that'll preach the truth with the love of God in their hearts. I believe this is what it's going to be that's going to change us. That's right. We want to be changed. Amen. Let's bury it together. Heavenly Father, as we stand here today in this presence, I know these things are kind of frightening. I know. I I I feel that, too. I feel that. Lord God, I I pray that in one way we never get away from that awesome respect. It's evident that some people in the message have got away from the fear of God. It's evident some of our preachers have got away from the fear of tampering with the prophet's words. As I've been looking and reading some and the transition from the prophet Samuel to King Saul and Israel came to a change. It looks like Lord that's sort of the direction that we've been for a while. So this king slashpastor, this king slash evangelist, this king slashteer, they sort through what they want that our prophet said. And if they don't think it applies to this day, then they just don't believe it. Well, we're going to run our church this way because William Brandon ain't the pastor of our church. So, we got a little kingdom over here, a little kingdom over there, another little kingdom over here. Lord Jesus, we don't want no kingdom here. Only kingdom we want is the kingdom of God. God forbid that we would ever build a Reagan kingdom. How how how ungodly, how horrible that we'd want to build a kingdom and attach a man's name to it. There's only one great one among us and that's you, the Lord Jesus. The one who died for us. Help us, Father. Lord, I want to be what you want me to be. I pray if you cannot trust me with very much I never want to seek beyond that because I realize the prophet told us about 40-day fasts in demonology and mentioned it in a few places and he called it enticing spirits which seems peculiar and odd but we understand when people go on a quest for a supernatural realm. Not only is God there, but so is the devil. So Lord, we want to judge our supernatural experiences by your word. We want to be a supernatural church. We long to see them apostolic times moving among us. And the prophet saying it perfect faith said, "We see them, but we want to see more of them. And we do too, Lord. But we do want to make sure it's you that we're experiencing and not evil spirits." Because a prophet tells us when people would prophesy or speak in tongues and they would interpret and it did not come to pass. And he said, "You pray and get that evil spirit off of you." So an evil spirit could make a person speak in tongues or interpret or prophesy or call somebody out and tell them something that was not the truth because you do not lie. Help us, Lord Jesus. Help us. Thank you. Father God, place in my hands what you can trust me with. Place in the hands of my sheep what you can trust us with. Give us the wisdom, the knowledge of God to operate what you've given us and the knowledge of God not to ask for more than what you've ordained us to have. Because then we come into demonic realms, which I'm afraid some of the folks around this message have entered into, and they're so hungry and so thirsting for more supernatural this, supernatural that, and the flesh goes to getting in the way. Help us, Lord. Come, Lord Jesus. Come Lord Jesus. Sing the song for us Harry that you sang as we went into the word. Let's sing this together now and let's just meditate on the words. It's my desire. It's my desire to be what he wants me to be. And we know many many times what he wants us to be is never what we think we should be oursel. And we think we've got so much capacity and so much to do this and that with. But if he only allocates that much to me, I figure he knows more about it than I do. I may figure I'm this sort of a big guy, but if he only gives me that much or that much. He knows more about what I would do with it. You agree with that? Amen. Can we search our hearts here this morning? Lord, I want what you want for me. It's my desire to be like you. Let's sing it together as we worship. It's my desire. Think about what you're saying now. To live for Jesus. [Music] is my desire [Music] to be like him. I want nothing, Lord. I don't want no gifts that he's supposed to be like. I f I don't want to say things in your hand sh. It's my desire to children of all to live for him. [Music] Oh, if you can see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today, then you would know the reason why I love him [Music] Go. You can take the world's wealth and all its riches. I don't need the fame. It's my desire. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's my desire to help someone. To help someone today, someone who may have failed to see the way. Oh yes, Lord. I too once was lost. Oh, but he draw me by his grace to the cross. Oh, it's my desire. I want to live for him. Everybody now. Oh, if you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. You would know the reason why I love him. [Laughter] soul. Now you can take this world, it's wealth and riches. I don't need her fame. It's my [Music] desire to live for him. [Applause] If you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. He would know the reason why I love him. So you can take this world its wealth and riches. I don't need a fame. is my desire to live for him. It's my desire to help someone today. Someone who may have failed to see the way for I on was alone but you brought me back to my God. It's my desire, my Lord, to live for him. If you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today, then you would know the reason why I love him. So now you can take this world, its wealth and its riches. I don't want fame. It's my desire to live for him. [Music] If you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today, then you would know the reason why I love him So now you can take the world is wealth that resists. I don't need fame. It's my desire to live for him. [Applause] If you could see where Jesus brought me from and where I am today, then you will know the reason why I love him So now you can take this world, this wealth that riches. I don't need a thing. It's my desire to live for him. [Music] It's my desire to live for him. Thank you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. For you're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of the life spend with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together. Thank you, Lord Jesus. All together. Oh, we worship you, Lord. All together one. Thank you, Jesus. To me, we worship you, oh [Applause] God. King of all, oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to this earth you ced all full of [Applause] sing. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. And here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together lovey. You're all together worthy. All together wonderful to me. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sins upon that cross. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to sing. You're my God. Oh, you're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together love me. All together worthy. All together wonderful. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together lovey. All together worthy. All together wonderful to [Music] me. Here I am to worship. Thank you. [Music] [Music] Jesus, receive the ministers. what we can do or how well we can preach or how much we can succeed. It's about your plan for our lives and what we can do to help your people, Lord. I pray, Father, in the name of Jesus, help us, Lord. Give us wisdom. Give us knowledge, Lord. We need burdens. Yes, we need faith. Oh, but God, how many lying in the sand? I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let his sons and his daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. [Music] Father, I hear it growing louder. The songs of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our heart, there comes an anthem. Oh, here the heavens ring. This is our song, a song to our king. Let the worshippers rise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh father, I hear it growing louder. The songs of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our heart, there comes an anthem. Oh, here the heavens ring. This is our song, a song to our king. Let the worshiper. Brother Louis's granddaughter is going to be baptized today. So, if she'll come and prepare for that. Aren't we glad whenever people are immersed in the name of our husband? Praise be to God. Well, brother, just just worship the Lord and we'll we'll obey this portion of the scripture, too. God bless you. I love you. I'll see you Wednesday, Lord willing. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I'm surrender to the king. I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, Lord, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my ple. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The songs of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our heart there comes an anthem. Oh, here the heavens ring. This is our song, a song to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughter see. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. [Applause] Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. [Music] I'm not sure what in the world this big guy's doing up here to baptize. He don't ever show up and not baptize anybody else. Of course, it could be that's something he's feeling inside of his heart. Something squeezing his heart causing them tears come out of his eyes. What greater thing for our children, our grandchildren that we can have for them to be able to walk in the truth of the gospel. A great honor, isn't it? Let's just pray together. Heavenly Father, as Emma comes today to take on your name, we know to a lot of people maybe baptism would seem odd and peculiar, but we've been taught that it's like a grave, a watery grave. So, we go down one person and we come up another one. Oh, yes. Showing that you're dealing with her heart. As I spoke to her back there before we came out, tears coming out of her eyes. Lord Jesus, we thank you for that. It's a great treasure for the presence of God to deal with the human heart. I can baptize her today in water, but Lord, only you can fill her with the Holy Ghost. And I asked her if she understood that prescription, and she nodded her head yes. It's simple. It started being filled there that day on the day of Pentecost. How many people have come up? Hallelujah. To be filled with the same prescription, repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Lord God, I pray that you' just take her life, Lord. Mold her and shape her into something that'll be pleasing to you. Lord, grant it, Father, in the name of Jesus. Lord, just put this over your nose and mouth so we don't come out. Okay. Emma, I baptize you today in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord this morning. Did you enjoy the service this morning? Amen. And I don't know if the words of this song are in the computer or not, but let's sing this little course as you're dismissed this morning. I have been blessed. God's so good to me. Oh, I have been blessed. God's so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have blessed. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Preious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Preious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Preious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count him. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. Oh, I have [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
