################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Bibleway Academy Online Graduation Ceremony - 2025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    Bibleway Academy Online Graduation Ceremony - 2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 44m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7p1kIOe-fM
========================================

Description:
05/17/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Last call. Graduation is going to start shortly. If you have not made your way to the stage, you should move this direction immediately. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] to finish her string or should I just go ahead? Here she is. Good evening again everyone. We would like to welcome the classmates, friends, family, and supporters of the Bible Way Academy online graduates, the class of 2025. This is our largest graduating class ever and of course the first time we've been able to have our graduation in person. This graduating class comes from all around the world and represents a unique and diverse group. They are amazingly talented and have a variety of gifts and we're here this evening to recognize their academic accomplishments as they complete their high school journey and look toward the future. So, I would ask you to please stand as we proudly present the BAOO class of 2025. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] You may Now all be seated. We have some a special music treat this evening from two of our BAO graduates. Um if they want to go ahead and get ready. Miss Joy Walbert is on the harp. Go [Laughter] [Music] ahead. She will be playing with Mrs. Coffee who is a BAO teacher and a foundational part of the school. and she will be joined by Miss Belle Selecta on [Applause] the Both of these girls have played for different events throughout BAO history, but they've never been able to play together before. So, this is a exciting um event here. And I I felt like we couldn't let them leave without hearing the one more time. So, we needed to have them come play for us. and they will be performing a traditional hymn arrangement in trio and I will turn it over over to them and our trustee sound and Mike Walls. Thank you especially to him and his team. They've done an amazing job helping us uh get get everything broadcasted and uh so you can hear us. So we really appreciate that. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] That was absolutely beautiful, ladies. Thank you so so much for that. We want to now introduce you to our graduates by doing a little highlight of each graduate, uh, including an introduction, a little history about themselves, and some future plans that they have. and we're going to have the teachers come and do that while you watch the graduates grow up on the screen behind them. All right. So, I'm going to turn this over to Mrs. Coffee and we will hear about all of our graduates. That was lovely. Our first graduate, Mary Arasola, came to us from Phoenix, Arizona, and she attends Evening Light Fellowship with Brother Ron Peterson as her pastor. She enjoys photography, competitive sports, and traveling. Some of her favorite places that she has visited are the Philippines, New York, Hawaii, and Mexico. Mary possesses an ability to learn and adapt to things quickly. If she is interested in doing something, she learns to become proficient in that. In church, Mary enjoys singing specials and contributing to the youth choir when needed. Mary enjoys dogs and likes to dogsit for friends when they travel. Mary's family joined BAO three years ago and she has attended with her sisters ever since. During that time, Mary has been student of the month twice. She has also been recognized for diligence, faithful attendance, and academics. Mary is interested in the medical field. She is considering becoming a nurse, but may start by taking phabbotomy classes at a local community college. Mary is looking for a summer job and has her travel sites on Italy, Japan, and Colombia. Mary says no matter where her future takes her, her greatest prayer would be that God would be in the lead. [Applause] Our next student is our only uh male and that is Hudson Drake. Hudson was born and raised in the Fraser Valley of British Columbia, currently residing in Maple Ridge, BC, Canada. He has attended Cloverdale Bible Bible Way all his life. He has one younger sister and multiple pets, including a dog, Blossom, and a large extended family with 21 cousins. Hudson enjoys being outdoors regardless of the season. From swimming in the pond to snowball fights and everything in between, Hudson grew up hunting and fishing, as you'll see in the photos. He's been going on hunting trips for longer than he can remember. He successfully hunted moose and deer and his favorite fishing experiences have been sturgeon fishing or salmon fishing the west coast of Vancouver Island. For sports, hockey is where it's at. He's played hockey on and off since he was big enough to wear skates. Although Hudson is extremely active, he has no problem chilling with a good book. I like that. Or book series. He also does not miss a day of playing one of his guitars which include acoustic, classical, bass and electric or the piano. His skills in musical ear have been a tremendous blessing in his home as well as in church now where he plays guitar alongside the other musicians. Hudson has enjoyed taking classes through BAO over the last four years and he is thankful for the vision of those that inspired the school. Hudson is excited to be graduating this year and has placed a first priority after graduation to get a full-time job. He's looking into a company that places electrical poles where he can excavate, run machinery, and possibly go to work in northern Canada. Ultimately, however, Hudson is interested in training for a trade as an HVAC technician or a pipe fitter and then work up to being a journeyman. Eventually, Hudson would like to start his own [Applause] company. Love that enthusiasm. Esther Milan. Esther was born in South Africa and moved to New Zealand as an infant, spending a large part of her childhood on a small farm in the heart of the North Island. She took part in various homeschooling curriculums until 2021 when BAO made its entrance into her life. Always having been the adventurous sort, she very much identifies as rightrain creative with some of her interests including behavioral and social sciences as well as literature, art, piano, traveling, and all things philosophical and poetical. She is an avid lover of nature and writing and successfully launched her first blog in 2024, lasting for almost a year. Her limited work experience consists of selling shoes and creating order out of chaos in hair and dog salons. Some of her hobbies include going for walks, drives, and watching Twilight Fall. She has been recognized with several awards while at BAO, including student of the month several times, academic achievement, the diligence award, faithful attendance, and several English awards. She has maintained honor role throughout her high school career. Esther plans on spending the latter half of 2025 on refining her skills in domestic engineering while pursuing a part-time job or starting her own small business in creative arts on the sideline. She is considering further study in 2026 and wishes to explore possibilities within the field of sociology andor psychology. After work and study for some time, she wishes to broaden her horizons by travel and any other adventure that takes her fancy before life no longer grants her a status of solitude. [Applause] Bethany Zanger. Bethany is a hardworking and compassionate person who values family responsibility and always giving her best. Bethy's extracurricular activities may not be traditional, but show what she values, school, work, and family, including helping grandparents on both sides of her family and the occasional hobby. These experiences have taught strength, patience, and the importance of being dependable and supportive. During her time in school, Bethany has been the student of the month multiple times and achieved commendation lists on both the 2023 and 2024 school year. Bethany feels strongly that life is not made up of big events or flashy moments, but working hard, staying grounded, and making quiet impact wherever the Lord has placed you. After graduation, Bethany has taken a gap year to explore her interest, gain experience, and seek clarity about the path God wants her to take. This summer, Bethany plans to continue work at her local dairy farm, which funds allow her to travel, experience new places, and meet new people. After her gap year, Bethany is interested in the medical field. She has already become certified in basic life support, and has signed up to work at Hershey's Children Hospital as a volunteer. She plans to pursue a degree in nursing. However, while nursing is her main focus, she is trusting God's plan and keeping an open heart to where he's leading her. Congratulations. Isabelle Slapa is proud to have completed her education through homeschooling beginning in kindergarten and continuing through her senior year. This approach allowed her to engage deeply with her studies while developing independence, self-discipline, and a strong sense of curiosity. Her academic interests include literature, music, and sciences. She also enjoys quiet, restorative routines such as journaling, walking her dog, and spending time with friends. Isabelle values meaningful dialogue and has a long-standing interest in cultures, travel, and global global perspectives. In her junior and senior years, Isabelle played advanced strings, cello, and violin with the National Homeschool Music Ensemble. She also completed competed as a setter on the Toledo Hornets volleyball team, serving as captain her senior year, an experience that strengthened her leadership and communication skills. Her high school experience also included active service in her church. She performed in kids days, vacation bible school dramas, sang in the literal life church choir, played bstream church services, taught Sunday school, and worked as a companionship caregiver. These roles provided opportunities to develop responsibility, public speaking, and mentorship skills. Isabelle plans to pursue a degree in veterinary sciences with the goal of becoming a veterary technician or veterary nurse. Her long-standing love for animals and commitment to compassionate care make this a fitting next step. While she holds many aspirations for the future, Isabelle remains grounded in her faith, trusting in God's timing and direction for her life. Congratulations, [Applause] [Music] Belle. Gracie. Gracie is from West Virginia and came to BAO in 2020. She is an ambitious person with a love for life and a good eye for a good time with friends. She has a ready smile and a kind and gentle nature. Gracie has made her has her green hand certificate for FFA along with some blue ribbons from various competitions. She has played volleyball competitively and was part of a championship winning team. She is a self-taught musician and has a lovely voice. Gracie adors naps and likes coffee more than people. She is a true country girl who loves to work with horses and ride dirt bikes, but her favorite place in the world is the beach. Gracie plans to go to West Virginia Tech or Virginia Tech and pursue either radiology or large animal veterinary medicine. In the short term, she is looking forward to getting a job to save money for travel and school. Gracie says, "Whatever I end up doing or wherever I find myself, I trust it to be God's plan and not mine. So, I'll roll the windows down and enjoy the ride. Congratulations, [Applause] Gracie. Joy Walbert. Joy was born and raised on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. She desires to live a life dedicated to her faithful Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Faith, family, friends, and food are her biggest priorities. She has four brothers and two loving parents. Joy absolutely loves doing art and other creative activities and is passionate about music. In addition to playing the accordion, harp, and piano for enjoyment, she serves as a musician at her home church. Joy enjoys relaxing in the outdoors by going camping, crabbing, boating, gardening, hunting, and taking walks. She has recently discovered a love for skiing as well. As much as she loves the outdoors, however, she is always ready for a good tea party or thrift shopping adventure. Joy also enjoys reading, which has been her passion since she learned how. Joy has been recognized with multiple awards from BAO throughout her high school years, including student of the month, multiple perfect attendance awards, accommodation lists, and academic excellence. She was also awarded the 2024 BAO Christian character award. Joy would like to earn her Florist certification, Boers's license, and take some courses to further her talents in art and music. She is also prayerfully considering working towards her teaching degree. Her immediate goals include taking some time to pursue her hobbies while working a part-time job and helping at home. Joyy's ultimate life goal is to serve the Lord in whatever way he leads. [Applause] I would now like to invite to the stage one of our BAO graduates who was voted by her classmates to represent the graduating class as their V validictorian. Validictorian Esther Milan. Did you bring you want this version? Greetings everyone. Teachers, students, alumni, parents, supporters. Thank you for traveling from far and wide to celebrate this joyous occasion with us. We also want to welcome brother Donnie. I'm not sure where he is. Thank you for being here. We we're glad to have you. It is an honor to stand here before you today as a proud student of such an incredible school. And it is also a tremendous honor to represent our class of 2025. Get it? Y'all navigating online schooling together from the comfort of our individual school rooms or sofas, whichever one you used, has been quite the adventure. And it is pretty epic to have our journey culminate in a place where we're all gathered in tangible breathing form and not as 2D figures moving about in rectangular boxes on a Zoom screen. Five years ago, what started as a school with only nine teachers and 23 students has grown to become a beacon of hope in a world where schools have long been falling apart. Not only has it given us a solid, clean education, but also friendships and connections that, God willing, will extend past our lifetimes and into eternity. Few people will ever experience what it's like to be in a school where they can look at every person in it and be able to say, "They're all my family." And yet, here we are experiencing that very thing. We're all from different countries and different backgrounds. But something much deeper than education binds us together and that is the fact that we have the same father. The school after all belongs to him and its success lies in that. Today there are some very special people who have already heard just how much their hard work has meant to us but they need to hear it again. So to the teachers and staff at Bible Way Academy Online, both here and those streaming in amongst the teachers of the world, you fall in rank with the elite. You have sacrificed yourself, your time, and your resources to provide us with a school that holds a barrier between us and the filth of the world. For that, we cannot thank you enough. You mean the world to us and we thank God not only for the school itself but also that he allowed all of you to become so deeply woven into each of our stories. To the graduates of 2025, we are standing at the brink of an unknown future. A new phase of life that to us is still uncertain. But in reality, it can never be as uncertain as it seems because we're only playing out on the stage of time. A script that God planned out long before the world began. For that reason, we can safely entrust our futures into the hands of the one who already knows it and walk forward without any fear. We were never promised that our lives are going to be easy. And in fact, it may only get harder from here. The older you get, the stronger you get, and therefore, the heavier the load you must carry to compensate for the newly acquired strength. We don't know how deep the waters are that still lie before us, or how fierce the storms will be. But there is one thing we do know, and that is that we can never lose or meet with ultimate failure if God is the one steering our ship. While some out there may tell you that this is your time to take your own first step, to conquer or change the world, I'm not going to tell you that today, for we cannot stop how rapidly the world is going down. We cannot stop or alter prophecy. Neither do we want to. But if you can shine your light in this dark world and be a part of changing the direction of travel that even one soul is taking from darkness to light, then something will have been conquered and changed that is worth 10,000 worlds as the prophet taught us. And of course, your own soul is of that same amazing value. You were put on this earth within a fleeting thing called time. But this is not where your life started and it's not where you come from. So don't let this world ever become your priority. Eternity is reality and when we cross over it will be like waking up from a dream into something more real than the dream ever could have been. I'd like to share a short story with you before coming to an end. One time there was a violinist who performed before a large crowd and after he finished playing the audience rose to its feet in a standing ovation for they were in awe at his skill. But the man in our story did nothing in response. He seemed to act strangely, and he never even paid attention to their cheers, for his eyes were focusing somewhere above them. Excuse me. They screamed louder and cheered harder, trying to get his attention and express their admiration. But still, he didn't look at them. While the crowd worked themselves into a frenzy of excitement, someone turned to look where the man's eyes were focused and saw a lone figure in the balcony. It was his violent instructor. The one who had taught him to play the way he had that day. The one who had guided and instructed him every step of the way. In that crucial moment after he finished playing, he did not look to what the audience thought of his performance. The only approval he needed and sought for was the approval of the man in the balcony. This was a story that a man told some years ago in a sermon. And after telling it, he spoke on a phrase that has stuck with me ever since. He spoke on living before the audience of one. Not living our lives to gain the approval of others, but the approval of one person, God. You will meet with both the pleasure and displeasure of many people. You'll need to face criticism and potentially hatred from those who do not walk the same path you were destined to. But never, ever let the approval or disapproval of others divert your eyes from the one whose approval truly matters. Keep your eyes on our captain as you walk through life. Not only when the storms come, but perhaps most important of all, when you have smooth sailing. It's the only way your life will ever amount to anything is if you keep your eyes on him. Live your life before the audience of one. That is, after all, why we're here. As mentioned earlier, this life is only a fleeting shadow that will nearly disappear in the light of eternity. And as we reach this important milestone in our lives, it is so easy to want to focus only on the immediate issues that lie before us that come with living in a timebound world. But right now, the best thing I can tell you is to remember why you're here, where you've come from, and where you're going. If you place your focus on the finish line, then you'll be able to live this life to its fullest. Because a life lived to its fullest is a life lived for Christ. As I end this, some of us may never see one another again when this weekend is over. We will go back to our walks of life in various different states and countries, but remember that we have the same captain, and we're in this together. As the saying goes, we may be miles apart, but will always be connected by the heart. And of course, in our case, we will also remain connected because of this wonderful thing we have in common called Bible Way Academy Online. It is time for us to set sail into the great unknown. But let us go out to meet it with courage and confidence because we're on the winning side and we know who holds tomorrow. Thank you and God bless you. Thank you, Esther. We would now like to ask the members of the BAO choir to come forward and prepare for their song this evening. So go ahead and start um gathering up front. This is our first ever BAO choir. Although I hope it won't be the last. Having a BAOO school choir is something that I have thought about, talked about, even tried to do several times. But as you can imagine, it's difficult to do a choir with an online school, especially when your musicians are not also the tech gurus of the group. So, I am very, very thankful for this Lacta family and for brother Kenny who took the challenge of leading this online group starting out virtually and then making final adjustments when everybody arrived here in Tennessee. Brother Kenny has much experience with choirs both uh in person and virtual. So, you can imagine my relief when he said he would take the group this evening. They have prepared I think a a a medley we'll say a uh directed by brother Kenny and um I heard them last night. They sound so good. You guys are awesome. [Music] Change. [Music] May the road rise to meet you. May the wind be always at your back. May the sun shine upon your [Music] way. May the rainbow soft upon your feet. [Laughter] and until we meet again. May he hold you in his hand. [Music] May God hold you in the world. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] May God hold you in the b of his hands. [Music] The Lord bless you and keep you. May his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. [Music] Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. A Hey, A God bless you and keep you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] That was beautiful. Thank you all so much. Brother Kenny, thank you. That was amazing. We have a special commencement speaker for you this evening. Somebody that I have great respect and admiration for and I will say if you've never heard his testimony, you should. Uh in addition to that, I've always enjoyed hearing him speak, I find him extremely insightful, very real, applicable, and so much so that it just always amazes me every time I I hear from our speaker. I would encourage the graduating class to listen carefully and closely to what he has to say this evening and to find wisdom in that simplicity. Um, we have to speak for us this evening all the way from British Columbia, Canada, Brother Kyle Morton. Do you want me to move this? You mind? Would you mind? Okay. Good evening everybody. You know, it's such an honor to be here. We've been saying, you know, it's it's so special to be here, but while we were hiking today, uh Mount Ran, Brother Michael, you should have seen it. Uh while we're hiking Mount Ran, I was thinking it's it's not just special to be here. It's it's somewhere between special and sublime. And uh we'll be able to look back on this weekend and think and mine more and more of the good things we're able to uh partake in this weekend. And so with that, I want to say again thanks to the word of life, brother Donnister Carol for helping facilitate this. And thank you to all the staff. I know it's been said already, but and even the family of the staff. I see your parents are around hustling around other family members and all the parents and all the young people that are a part of this uh BAO community. My daughter's been doing it for three years now, right Sarah? And uh we just love it and so appreciate it. It's uh humbling to be asked to speak. We as soon as we heard about this, it wanted to come. And then one time, I think I was driving in my dump truck at work and a thought began to come to me. And I always keep a journal beside me on my where I'm working. I just wrote the thought down. I thought that's interesting. That sounds kind of like a grad thought, but just put it aside for now. I keep driving dump truck. And then Sister Jenny contacted me and I said, I I'd be honored, but if somebody else comes and you want them, I'm okay to sub out. And so when I come here this weekend, I see the different ones gathering. I think, you know, there's many other more qualified people who could speak with more wisdom and experience, but I'm I'm humbled and honored to be able to say something to you. Originally, if you don't know me, I came from Cloverdale Bible Way. My wife was born and raised there. I started attending there in 2004. So, I come from where the brickandmortar Bible Way Christian Academy School is. I helped build the new building. And I'm probably one of the only people that had uh one of the devotions they spoke uh stopped halfway by the principal. I was speaking about um Ephesians 6 about um taking the sword of the spirit which is the word of God praying and I was combining that with brother Bram saying even the weakest Christian on their knees makes the devil tremble and I had some young kids come up with a real sword and I see look even these young kids swinging the real sword they can do damage and I was just I was so into these young boys swinging this real metal sword and I didn't see my wife waving in the back for me to stop and the principal came up and grabbed the sword from the kids cuz it was so dangerous. and I just felt like I'd come out of a dream. But so that's probably the only devotion that's been stopped halfway. But always honored to speak to young people and uh hopefully I can speak something this evening that you can grasp. I know there's so much emotion and things going on and even if you're not a grad, I hope I can speak something this evening that'll be a blessing um to you as well. And is that okay? Won't be long. So I'm just going to read a scripture to start with out of the book of Isaiah. Sorry, book of Psalms. Isaiah later, but the book of uh Psalms chapter 5 says, "My soul wait thou only upon God, for my expectation is from him. He only is my rock and my salvation. He is my defense. I shall not be moved. In God is my salvation and my glory. The rock of my strength and my refuge is in God. Trust in him at all times, ye people. Pour out your heart before him. God is a refuge for us. Salah. Surely men of low degree are vanity, and men of high degree are a lie to be laid in the balance. They are altogether lighter than vanity. Trust not in oppression, and become not vain in robbery. If riches increase, set not your heart upon them. That's actually the portion I want to major on this evening. I know it's kind of odd, but if riches increase, set not your heart upon them. God hath spoken once, twice have I heard this, that power belongth unto God. also unto thee, oh Lord, belongth mercy, for thou renderest to every man according to his work. Do you mind if we have a small word of short word of prayer? Heavenly Father, again, we're just so honored to be gathered here. I just pray you'd help me in this commencement speech as they're graduating. They're also beginning. So Lord, may you just speak something from your word. Help me in my simple way. And may you touch our hearts. Help us go forward from this weekend able to walk with you in a greater way. We thank you for your kindness to us, Lord. We commit this evening again to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. So the thought that came to me was in my dump truck is that I want to speak to you about gauging your interests or monitoring measuring your interest. What are you interested in to pay attention to that? That's what I want to speak on. This is something that I wish this is one of the things I wish someone talked to me about walked around a pond with me took me out for coffee and just said what are you interested in and how much are you partaking in those things in which you're interested in. So to be interested means a feeling of wanting to learn more about something or to be involved in something. All right. So if you're interested, you have a feeling of wanting to learn more about something or you want to be involved in something. There's one quote the very end of the church age book. Brother Renham says, "Not for one moment do I bring a message to people that they may follow me or join my church or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people. All right? So, brother Brennham, the messenger says he has an interest in the things of God and people. And if I can accomplish this one thing, I'll be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become become new creations in Christ, filled with his spirit, and live according to his word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear his voice at this time and yield our lives complete to him even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to him. God bless you and may his coming rejoice your heart. So there we have a little window into what was the prophet's interest. So we all have interest. Is this true? Everybody has interest. I'm not sure if you've thought about this that much, but what we're interested in, it affects how we think. It affects how we act. It affects how we spend our time and our energy. Just look at us this weekend. Some of us came from New Zealand, Canada, Delaware, Arizona, down the road, right? We came here because we have an interest in the Lord. We have an interest in the message. We have an interest in our children. We didn't come here just on a whim. This wasn't just us sitting at home. Do you want to go for a hamburger or not? Right? This is coming across the country putting great energy. And because we love the Lord and we love our children, we have an interest in the things of God and people. Amen. So, we need to be mindful of what are we interested in because they're going to shape how we think, how we act, how we spend our time, and how we spend our energy. And where do these interests come from? It's a big subject for me partly. I would sum it up saying your interests come from your nature partly and how you're nurtured and also God's divine plan. All right. So, we all have a different nature, a different makeup. We're all humans, so we're all generally interested in human things, right? We're not monkeys or rhinoceroses. We're not, you know, pursuing their interest necessarily, right? And so, the the older you get, maybe you're you're bridging off or launching off in this portion of your life and you're thinking to yourself, you know, I'm I'm going to become, you know, who I'm meant to be or something like that. But when you get into your 30s, you'll realize more and more you're a whole lot like your parents. you'll realize you'll be sitting down like them. If they're doing this, you'll be doing this also. If they stir their coffee a certain way, you'll probably stir your coffee that way also. So, our nature is very power uh powerful. All right? How we're nurtured, what we're exposed to is very powerful. The influences that are around us. Uh there's another scripture I wanted to read to you if I have it here. Speaking of nature, nurture, and divinity, it's in Isaiah 43. says, "But now thus sayeth the Lord that created thee, oh Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, fear not, for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name, thou are mine." So God made Jacob, right? But he was also forming him and redeeming him. So we've been created a certain way. And I know sometimes people struggle with how God made them, but I believe God put a lot of care into all of you. All right? And I think sometimes we think, you know, oh wretched man that I am, but we're also a temple of the Holy Ghost. All right? And so God made you special. And I think we should, some people, they have a hard time with how their nose looks. That's the nose God gave you. It's like, praise the Lord. Amen. Some God puts so much effort into how we ting the sound that our bell and our live makes, especially if we're yielding our lives to him, the sound that can come forth from our lives. And so it's important for us to be aware of this and how we're nurtured. Jacob was nurtured in a very unique way. Maybe he was kind of neglected by his father and kind of smothered by his mother, right? But this played a role in who he was to become as God had a plan for his life, not only to wrestle with an angel in the cave, but other different things as well. And so we are progressing and we are growing. And as we grow, our interests begin to change. All right, I'm going to start moving towards a car analogy. speaking about gauging your interest. Think about a car. You pay attention to the gauge in front of you. But you when you were young, you didn't pay attention to those gauges. All right? You were in the back seat maybe chewing on Sophie the giraffe, right? Did anybody have Sophie the giraffe? A few of you. Okay. And then maybe after you're done chewing Sophie the giraffe, then you're singing along to Steve Green. Hide him in your heart. Then you progress from there. Maybe you're listening to some Adventures in Odyssey. Next thing you know, you're in the steering wheel. Now, it's very important for you to pay attention to the gauge. All right? To pay attention to your speed, pay attention to the oil, because if you don't, you're going to be in trouble. Or you might all of a sudden see a state trooper coming up behind you. All right? So it's important for us if we monitor those gauges that God has before us, we can move more into being a blessing and our life being positive and our life being a plus, not always being on the side of the road crashed up or with red and blue lights behind us. All right? So we are moving more into sitting behind the wheel and God's the unseen hand behind it all. But our choices matter as we grow up more and more. What are we interested in? Are we paying attention to those things? All right. Is that okay? So, literally and metaphorically, we are moving more and more into the driver's seat. And we need to pay attention to what are we interested in, but not only what, but how much. There's a sweet spot. Just like when you're pressing the gas. Do all of you have driver's licenses? I see u 50/50 maybe. Who has a driver's license? Okay, four out of five. No, six out of seven have driver's license. Okay, so this is very important. There's a sweet spot even with the gas pedal. If you overrev it, you can blow the engine up and if you don't press it at all, you're not going to go nowhere. All right, so there's a sweet spot to pay and if you drive standard, you can stall it. I hope you all learn to drive standard. It's a wonderful thing. I learned on a on a Jeep YJ going through four-way stops like this because I couldn't find that sweet spot. So, if you're going to learn, learn on a small car like a Pontiac Firefly. All right? Not a Jeep YJ. So, as you're growing, as you're progressing, your interests are going to change. And it's important that you pay attention to those things. I I hope your interests change. I was at my brother-in-law's house and my nephew was there. He's 2 years old. And he grabbed my finger and he led me over to his toy trains and he pointed for me to sit down and play with his toy trains. Now, I have no interest in toy trains anymore. But he does. He's 2 years old. I took an interest cuz he's interested in them. But if you came over to my house and I'm still playing with toy trains, it'd be a bit odd. But if you like them, that's fine. But as we grow and progress, hopefully our interests change. I mean the magnets are amazing when you face them the opposite direction and they they push. So as we more come into the age of accountability I hope that our prime I'll take our interest and break them down into primary and secondary. Our hope our primary interest is to love the Lord thy God with all our heart, all our mind and all our soul and all our strength. Jesus said that's the greatest commandment. All the law and prophets hangs on these things. So, I I hope that's our primary interest. I hope that's your primary interest, grads. I hope it's not just like a performative primary interest. Like, if you're going to play sports, you put on a jersey and you you perform for a little while, but then you take it off, you're not playing anymore. I hope it's not just a performative thing that we It's church time. This is how we act. This is how we sing. I hope it's something when you're lying down, when you're rising up, when you're walking along the way, like Deuteronomy 6 says, I hope you're thinking about the Lord. I hope you love him. Amen. we whether you feel his presence or not. When I was young, I always wanted to feel the presence of the Lord and have some supernatural experience and see an angel or something like that. And the other day, I was just walking my dog by the Fraser River and I felt nothing and I felt totally content in the Lord. Whether a high experience or not, I loved the Lord. Amen. With my yellow lab walking by the river. It was wonderful. So, primary, I hope that you love the Lord. Amen. I hope it's real. And if it's not, you can ask them. Amen. Just find yourself on your knees one time in your bedroom and say, "Lord, would you make yourself real to me? I want to. It seems like it's so important. I'm around people. I'm exposed. I'm by these people who love the Lord." Brother Barry, Sir Becky, different ones, Brother Donnie. Lord, make it real to me. I don't want to pretend. Amen. And then then that should dictate our secondary interests, right? Maybe you're a sister and you love the Lord. There should be an interest maybe to to be ladylike, right? Like look at some of these examples here. To be ladylike. I so appreciate them. Amen. Their influence on my daughter. Maybe there's an interest in children. That's a good thing. Maybe there's an interest in in in cooking and domestic things and relationship and finances as Psalm 62. I was reading about that. And if you're a brother, I hope you love the Lord and you have an interest in being humble, being a servant. Amen. Working. Learning how to wake up to an alarm clock. All right. If the job starts at seven, be there before. My grade seven teacher and basketball coach was a famous ukulele teacher, Peter Lango. And he had some saying, "If you're early, you're on time. If you're on time, you're late. If you're late, you're dead." And that that always stuck with me. Was such a form formative grade seven teacher. He am I going too long? Okay. Sorry. These are such formative years. I feel part of part of me like I'm always in grade seven. Part of me those it was such a formative time of my life. Um he said we did a career day. It's like okay pick a job you'll make this much and then with this much you can afford these cars and you can afford these kind of houses and you put them on a poster before you. And that's what we did in grade seven. I want to be a teacher. This is how much I'll make. This is the Pontiac Firefly I'm going to get. this this is the apartment I'm going to live in, you know, and that that's where I was going because I I was going that direction before I knew the Lord, which is it's a fine direction to go, but I ended up being a gardener. It's it's odd, but the Lord knows. But even at a young age, you can make decisions that are going to set the trajectory of the next 10, 20 years of your life. All right? So, even then, my interests were being shaped. I was in grade seven, grade 8, grade nine, grade 12. Hopefully, you know, you're not just chasing seagulls around and so forth. your interests change in how you view how brothers view sisters, how sisters view brothers. And there's a way to steward those interests properly to maintain a good testimony to a avoid certain scars, to avoid certain trauma and wounds that you're going to need healing from. Amen. So hopefully we have a primary interest. We can gauge that. What are you thinking about when you're walking, when you're lying, when you're rising up? Are you thinking about the Lord? It's a good sign you're following the shama. you you're hearing. Amen. Here, O Israel, the Lord thy God is one. Thou shalt love him with all thy heart, mind, soul, and strength. And that should dictate our secondary interests and help govern and guide those things. And all of us are going to have little other interests that we like, right? I I I like Rice Krispies a lot. I make sure they're all soggy before I eat them. And when I meet someone else like that, it's like my brother. All right? I like playing a bit of sports and basketball. I like being quiet out in nature. Some like hunting. All right. But all these things need to be governed. There's a sweet spot where we can overdo something sometimes, right? If I was thinking about Rice Krispies all the time, I'd be crazy. Some are thinking about hunting all the time or sports all the time. And I think we need to rev that down a little bit. Amen. Let's think about the Lord. Hallelujah. I want to go down the road smooth, not swerving and dangerous and woo, I made it. That was, you know, from here, I want to be able to govern my life as safe as possible. There's going to be trials. There'll be bumps. There's things you can't avoid. But Lord, there's things I can do to help prevent a certain amount of damage and calamity in my life. Right? If you're driving with your eyes closed, probabilities high it's going to go bad. So the probability is higher of living a more blessing life if you live your life according to the word of God. And pay attention to your interests. All right? Gauge these things. Monitor them just like you would monitor your vehicle when you're driving. And some of us are going to have unique interests. They're different. Some of you will be more artistic. Like brother Stephie, brother Ram talks about this painting that he had from brother Stephy and he said, "I wish I could send this boy to school to develop this gift." Some are different. Sometimes, you know, I have this I have this bad uh saying about myself. My inspiration overrules all. It's like if I'm inspired about something, I'm going to beat you over the head until we do my thing. All right. But some people are different. As I get older, I realize people are different. They have different interests. Some people, they have an interest in planes or horses or even just babies and helping people. And that's wonderful. It's how God made you. Maybe that's his calling for your life. So, let's try and find that sweet spot. And as you get older, all of you probably have a wallet, right? That's what why I read that scripture out of Psalm 62. Brother Barry could do a much better job about finances. I listened to a winter youth retreat. When I was single, I was just in the word all the time like a monk. I would get recordings from Michigan youth camp. He was talking about interest rates and you need to be aware of Visa interest rates and how they offer you a laptop, but by the end of it, you're paying five times the price of the laptop. And he said, "Enjoy your laptop." on the recording, right? So, we need to be aware as you grow older of finances and some of you, you might serve the Lord and do well, but don't set your heart upon the riches. Have that sweet spot. Have that governance, right? You don't want to be consumed by money and consumed by the ability to possess certain things. The scripture often gives us boundaries on both sides. The love of money can be the root of all evil. But it also speaks about paying taxes and making friends with people who have that mammon of the unrighteousness. The Bible says in Luke chapter 16. So in these interest, these secondary interests, there's some kind of sweet spot that we got to be able to find. And the word and the message helps us find that sweet spot. All right? So we don't blow up and so that we don't just stall or do nothing on the side of the road. Hallelujah. And so I I challenge you young people. I know you're I love the photos. I love the outfits. I love the slideshow. I think, man, what amazing young people. What potential that you've already done something with that potential. Learning to write. What a critical thing. That's partly learning to think. I graduated in honors and I didn't know what a noun or a verb was. Isn't that awful? That's awful. My first college paper my professor wrote this is not a college level essay. I thought what am I going to do this all I know even recent last five years I've had to teach myself the difference between there and there two and two right but graduated with honors because they passed me along and so forth but you I I watch my daughter and what she's learning in English it's it's it's such higher level than I know even now. Praise the Lord. I'm thankful for BAO. Real standards. Amen. Real [Laughter] academics. Oh, praise the Lord. Water break. Amen. Real standards. Make sure you don't set your standards with just with the world, right? Real standards. Push yourself in these things. Push yourself a little bit. be uncomfortable a little bit as you pursue these interests, these curiosities that God put in your heart. Pursue them. I would so I would challenge you when this weekend's over, sit down, write down what are the top 10 things you're interested in. Top 10. Write them down. What are they? I'm interested in writing. You say, I love the Lord, children, or whatever. I love kids. I love nature. Write these things down. These are my top 10 interests. Now, it might change as you get older. Your interests can change. Even as I get older, my interests change as my I have two wonderful kids. My my daughter, praise the Lord, start crying, won a leadership award. But as they get older, I watch them try and become ladies and gentlemen. I take more of an interest in things like manners, right? An interest in manners. Brother talks about a water pump handshake, a real handshake, right? Look, we need to have an interest in looking a brother or sister in the eye when they shake your hand. Amen. I So I'm take that's more of an interest now as my children grow. When I was 22, I wasn't thinking about that. But write down your top 10 interests. All right? And then think, how much time am I spending these things? This thing might not there might be no scripture against this interest, but am I doing it too much? Am I thinking about this when I lie down? when I when I when I rise up, when I walk by the way, am I writing these things upon my my hands and my eyelids? Maybe I need to rev that down, right? Write those things down and maybe go over them with a friend. Some of us live far away, but you can connect on WhatsApp. You can connect on Zoom and have coffee. And what are your 10 interests? Oh, these are mine. Or maybe with a mentor. God bless all your parents. All the mentors. Hallelujah. Our children don't have to reinvent the wheel by themselves. I've had some wonderful ones in my life and brother Michael's dad's one of them and so forth and going to start pulling on brother Barry a bit more too these but I these are important because I want you to be a blessing. I want you to be a plus wherever you go. You know we were flying here on an airplane and you just watch people come down the aisle and you think I hope that person's not sitting beside me. You can just tell as they're coming down the aisle like that's going to be a rough flight. They are a minus 10, you know. So when you when you walk down the airplane, do they think, "Oh, I hope this person sits beside me. They look like a good uh plane mate, right?" So wherever you go, you can be a plus in the grocery store. I go down some some aisles in the grocery store and I go, "I'm buying Rice Krispies later." I'll go to because it depends who's down the aisle, right? I want you to be a plus. I don't want you to be a negative. And if you have the wrong interest, you're going to be a negative. You're going to be a minus everywhere you go. It's going to you're going to suck the life out of things a little bit. When you come and you sit on a pew, like I preach a lot in Victoria and different places. And when I see somebody there, they're looking at me and they're smiling and they're taking notes. It's a plus. You know, if every brother Donniey's preaching, everybody's frowning at him. That's hard. That's a whole bunch of minuses. But we can make such a difference wherever we go. Whether you're on the stage with a microphone or not, wherever we go, we can be a plus in our community, in our neighborhood, at our work. Hallelujah. At BAO, when you're when you're filling one of those squares and Miss Leonard's looking at you and all the kids are Miss Leonard's favorite, right? You're a plus. You're I I did a devotions with some of you and I just look at your faces and I think this is this is wonderful. It looks like they're enjoying it. I can't hear you, but it looks like they're enjoying it. So, I'm going to go five minutes longer. But I I I'm w I'm wrapping this up, but I hope you gauge and monitor your interest as you go forward. As you commence, you graduated, you're you're commencing, things are going to open up more, right? It's your life's not as much on a train track where it's like somebody else is setting the course for you. There's more options and so forth. And so, it's important more than ever that you gauge your interests. The consequences increase as you get older. what you're interested in. You can't you don't want to make crucial mistakes. You don't want to set yourself up 10 years delay your progression by 10 years by bad choices if possible, right? We're all going to make mistakes. But if possible, with the opportunity that we have with the people that around us, with the word of God, with the message, we have so many things around us to help cultivate and form us and God who is with us that to to be able to be a plus wherever we go. So, I hope that can inspire you a little bit to gauge and monitor and measure your interest. So, you can be a plus. Amen. In your family, in your home, when you're having dinner, you can be a son or daughter. You just you make things better, right? You're just a plus at the dinner table. Sometimes our family gets some sometimes gets the worst of of our of our loved ones sometimes. But we can be a plus. What an opportunity to be living in a in a home with parents that love you and so forth. Oh my. And so I hope that you can be a plus. I hope you gauge and monitor your interests and I hope something from here has helped you. And I I'm very thankful opportunity to speak to you to enjoy this weekend together. That's my commencement for you grads. God bless you richly. [Applause] Thank you, brother Kyle. We would now like to proceed with the presentation of diplomas from Bible way academy online to certify that these graduates have completed the course of study required by the school. Brother Michael Ray will present the diplomas to the graduates and I would invite you to celebrate with each graduate as they receive their diplomas. Mary Arazola [Applause] Hudson [Applause] Drake, Esther Min I said it wrong again, Bethany Sanger. [Applause] [Laughter] [Applause] Isabelle [Applause] Slacka, Gracie Vest. [Applause] and Joy Walbert. [Applause] We would now like to ask all of the graduates to make their way to the front and we would like to ask brother Donnie to come forward and pray for our graduates as they enter the next stage of their lives. We would also like to ask brother Barry, brother Kyle, Brother Michael, and any other ministers in the audience to come forward and pray with the graduates. Yeah. You're welcome to stand here or at the podium. God bless each of you. God bless you. Family members, all the faculty certainly appreciate it. What a great place they've come to in their lives. This may be a pastor's wife or an evangelist's wife or a teacher. I might be a pastor. You never know what you've raised in your home. You never know what God has granted to you to be able to instill in them. What a great thing it is. Can we pray together? Heavenly Father, as we stand before you tonight, Lord, and you saw us here before the foundation of the world, you see these young ladies and this young brother that have completed these years of training and education and schooling. Now, we're praying for them. Father, in the name of Jesus, may the spirit of God be with every one of them. May as they progress in life, may you always be that focal point, Lord Jesus. No matter what they face, what they go through in life, that they can look back and realize that it was you that guided them thus far. We thank you, Lord, for each of them. And we pray the blessing of Almighty God on their life tonight. We thank you for this day that we could be together. We give you praise in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless each of you. You can go back. Brother Barry, turn this over to you. I get the last say. Thank you. It's an honor to be here and I will not be long. I only have about 12 or 15 pages here, so this is going to be brief. But really, I I want to just add my uh thanks for the honor of being here and uh to say that this is a grand moment uh not only for your graduates, and truly it is. But also, I'd like to say that it's a grand moment for uh moms and dads who are here and the sacrifices they have put forth and continue to put forth. It is a grand moment for them. And may God bless you for your efforts. uh when uh no one else had confidence that this was going to work, it worked. And that's a that's a visions that is a vision that moms have and we appreciate that very much. I'd also like to say it's a grand moment for this school and uh to come five years. I remember October 2018, Brother Biscll invited my wife and I to come to Vancouver and uh we sat with brother Michael uh and he shared with us his vision. We shared with him our vision. My wife was a um a resident expert on online uh learning u which is very different than doing a course online. And uh we put our hearts together and uh that's where the school really uh began to take root and uh since then it's just been a privilege to be able to work with brother Michael and uh to see where we have come and to see where it's going is exciting. I'm excited about what God is doing and uh you know I I I just want to say a couple of very brief things and that is this that uh you know you're graduations are the end of something and they're the beginning of something else and they're two very different things. You're going into a market. You're going into a world uh that is changing continually. Every day something different is happening in our world and uh you know stock markets and job uh job markets and uh everything is changing changing dramatically internationally things are happening. Uh it's it's just absolutely incredible to try to even keep up with it and you're becoming now representatives of the kingdom. You know, when you think about how small a percentage of uh graduates in this country during this season, how small of a percentage of graduates are Christians, number one, but number two, how small a percentage of that graduating Christian class are believers in what God has done in this last day. You represent a very small minority and you are now representatives of that kingdom. And you are uh you are to take uh you know a message of hope into this world. And I will tell you that uh you know this world is is looking for good doctors and good uh good attorneys and good uh teachers and good nurses and so forth because good employees are not always easy to find. I I'm reminded of a funny story about a local sheriff who who was running short on staff and so he needed to hire another deputy. And so he interviewed this guy. Now, he knew this young man in the community and he wasn't very all that bright, but he said, "I'll give him an interview anyway." So, he came in and he asked him, he said, "I have three questions for you." And uh he said, "I'd like you to answer these to the best of your ability." And so, young man said, "Fire away." And the sheriff said to him, "All right, what's one in one?" He said, "That's easy. It's 11." And the sheriff looked at him and said, "Well, it's not really what I was after, but let me ask you this." He said, "Name two days that begin with T, the letter T." Yeah. He said, ' That's easy. Today and tomorrow. So the sheriff said, 'Well, look, I'm going to ask you one thing and I want you to think about this very carefully. Who killed Abraham Lincoln? And the young man looked at him and he thought about that and he said, "I don't know." Sheriff said, "I want you to go home and think about that. I want you to go home and think about who killed Abraham Lincoln." So he turned and left, thanked the sheriff, walked outside. When he went outside, he met his some of his friends and uh the friends asked him and said, "Hey, how did a job interview go?" Oh, he said it was fantastic. He said, "I'm already on the job. I got my first murder case." There are not many good employees out there. And I believe that you have the opportunity, like brother Kyle said so aly, to change the world that you're in. And I will tell you this that you should learn to pursue what God leads you to do with a passion and a zeal because that's how great men left their mark on this world is not because they had it easy and not because they got all of their ducks in a row, but because they pursued the will of God with a passion and a vision that they knew was actually from God. And God cares about the impact that you make in this earth. And so be wary of uh be wary of uh uh technologies for instance that pretend to answer all of life's questions. Our world they say in a couple of years will be dominated by AI. But remember that intelligence is after all artificial. There is a wisdom that comes from God. It's found in James chapter 3 and and it says uh that this there is a wisdom from above. There's a wisdom from below but there's a wisdom from above. Both of them are called wisdom. But the wisdom from above is the mind of Christ. And you want to pursue that. And you want to I I want to encourage you to uh attain to the wisdom which only God can give. And keep your eyes on that goal that God has for you. There will be all kinds of distractions. And I will say this, I remember one time I was flying into uh into Chievac, Alaska above the Arctic Circle, and I was going to minister to a group of believers who were up there. There's a little village up there called Chivvac. And there's a thousand people in that village. The only way in is to fly in or to go in by snow machine. And in that village of a thousand people, there are a hundred believers. Now, think about that. That's one in 10 people in that community are believers. And it's just a privilege to be able to go and visit them. And I remember one of the first times I went uh I went to left Anchorage and went to Bethl and a little airport and then went to another one and we were going to take our last flight out to Chievac. And uh there was only four of us that were going on the plane for me the pilot and me and two other uh brothers who were going with me uh on the plane. And the plane was so small that this pilot, he actually went down to the end of the runway and pulled the plane up with a rope by himself up to the terminal. And I said, "No, Lord, no. You can't be serious." And sure enough, this is the plane that we were going to take. Four of us got in there and he took off. This pilot wasn't even shaving yet. I mean, he's just a young guy. And I'm sitting in the front seat with him. It's so loud you can't talk. And uh I'm looking at him and he's he's working on the controls over here. And as we fly uh out of sight of the airport, we fly into really thick clouds. Well, you know, not being a pilot myself, I I looked out at the the the clouds and I looked over at him and he's so young and I'm thinking, I'm sweating bullets. I mean, I'm just thinking, this is going to be rough. And the plane starts to bounce through there. And I noticed him uh he he was not at all looking out the window. I was looking out the window and I was seeing the the conditions out there, but he wasn't looking out the window at all. And I felt like nudging him and saying, "Look out the window so you know where you're going. It's hard to see anything out there." And he wasn't. He was looking at his instruments. He was looking at his a panel that he had there. Every now and then he glance out the window and uh uh he would uh you know check and see if there was anything out there. But every time he did, there was uh there there was just really thick clouds. There was nothing really that could identify where we were. I was getting more worried all the time. And I'm thinking because I'm just looking at the circumstances and I'm thinking, "M this ain't going to end well." And then one time I I saw when the clouds broke just a little bit, way off in the distance, there was a little orange blinking light. It was way off in the distance there. And this uh this little blinking light was a a beacon that was at the little air strip that we needed to land at. And he had in his plane in these instruments, he had a little device that locked onto that beacon. And even though he couldn't see it with his eyes, that's what he was aiming at. And by faith he knew that the plane was was uh wired to be able to pick that up and to be able to direct him all the way in even if he couldn't see the way. And eventually as we were going down through there and again now I'm just ready to uh I'm just ready to lean over and say let me do this. I'm older certainly I can do this better than you. And as I uh you know I I I didn't do it and I'm glad I didn't do it. But uh he's he's working his way down, working his way down. And finally the clouds lifted. We got close to the ground and the clouds lifted and we just uh we just skidded right in on the runway and came right up right to the edge of that runway and the beacon was right here and the propeller of the plane was right here. And he did it basically without looking out at the circumstances around him. I want to leave you graduates with this point and say that there'll be circumstances that you'll be you'll be seeing in your life that are not really making anything clear and you'll think, "Wow, that's something I need to avoid." That's not what you want to focus on. You want to focus on your destination. And God's put something in all of you as believers to lock in on that signal that comes from another dimension. and he's going to guide you right to that no matter what the circumstances are around you. And so be confident and pursue what God leads you to do with a passion. And I believe that God has a purpose for each one of you and God knows his will. Brother Brandham said his will is perfect and we believe that. Thank you. Thank you all for being here. Thank you for our staff and uh the teachers I believe have probably recovered when brother Kyle said that he got a degree without uh knowing what a noun and a verb was. There was a collective sigh. There was a shock wave that went across this this aisle of teachers right here. But I will tell you this, we are uh proud to be identified with uh with our teachers and administrative staff. And uh I just want to say may God bless you. Appreciate you being here. It's been a special, very special weekend and may God richly bless you all. Sister Jenny, we would like to now invite our 2025 valadictorian to the stage one more time to lead us in the tassel ceremony and the class recessional. Tassels mean many things in different cultures around the world. In ancient Egypt, tassels were worn on headdresses to protect the wearer from evil. In Europe, tassels denoted royal status in the wearer. In Judaism, tassels serve as a reminder of God's commandments. In a graduation ceremony, they are a symbolic ornament which is moved to symbolize the culmination of our academic efforts and the transition into a new phase of life. Graduates, to mark your achievement of graduation and the embarcation into a new chapter of our lives, you may now move your tassel from the right to the left. I present you with the Bible way academy online class of 2025. [Applause] Oh, how wonderful Jesus. God bless you all. [Music] They said Jesus will take care of our open mouth.
