################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-05 - Broken But Not Bitter, Bro. Matt Watkins- 070425 - Matt Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-05
Title:    Broken But Not Bitter, Bro. Matt Watkins- 07/04/25
Speaker: Matt Watkins
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN59U3lr4LQ
========================================

Description:
07/04/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Beautiful. [Music] [Music] Welcome. [Music] Okay. [Music] All right. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Thank God for the my house. I owe my life to him. Oh Jesus, [Music] he's the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sin, he has shown. Oh, he's shown his light around me. that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, where would this ship be seen again? I thank God for Aren't you glad about it tonight, church? Sing with all your heart. Oh L for Jesus is the lighthouse. [Music] And from the rocks of sea. He Oh, he showed that marvelous light around me that I might fear. Please see if it wasn't for [Music] Oh, thank you, Lord. Where would this ship be? There's a lighthouse on a hillside that overlooks. Oh, thank you. I see. I when I'm tossed, you know, it sends out a light. A light that I might see and the light that shines. Oh, it shines all around us. Darkest night will faithfully leave me. Thank you, Lord God. If it wasn't for the lighthouse. Oh, sing it to my ship would s. And I thank God for the lighthouse. [Music] Sing it to me. [Music] my heart and from the rocks of ste [Music] around me that I might bless the Lord see If it was a part of life, a lighthouse, where would this ship be? Now, everybody that lives around us, they want to tear this message lighthouse down. They say the big ships they don't cruise that oldfashioned way anymore. There's no use in it standing around within my mind. It goes back to that stormy night. Hallelujah. And just in time, I saw light from that old lighthouse. It still leads me home. And I thank God for my hand. I owe my life to him. Oh, for Jesus is the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sea, he has shown his light around me that I might clearly see. Maybe it was a call that I have to where would this be? He has shown his life. Oh yes, he has me that I might clearly see. And if it wasn't for the lighthouse, where would this ship be? Oh, if you love him, give him a good hand clap of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Somebody say praise the Lord. Somebody say hallelujah. Give him a real good hand clap of praise if you love him with all your heart. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, isn't it good to be in church on Friday night, the 4th of July, fireworks going off everywhere around us, and we're going to have our own rendition of fireworks tonight. The fire of the Holy Ghost of God. Aren't you glad about it tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Now, we've got we've got a lot going on tonight. First of all, we want to say all of our visitors, we welcome you. Glad to have you here. Make this service part of your service tonight. Blend in. Let's all just have a real real good time. Is that all right with everybody? And to all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless all of those folks, visitors and streamers both, give them a real good hand tonight if you will. Praise the Lord. Brother John, if you would, I want you to get ready to pray over our prayer request tonight. an urgent prayer request for my brother Robbie Garland. Sandy Bagot sends that in. So, we certainly want to commit that need unto the Lord tonight. Uh, want to remember sister Brandy Anon's sister April in prayer tonight. The Lord knows all about the need. Brother Greg Robinson sends this in. My brother Billy's uh son Billy Guthy called today and wanted to know how to pray. I told him, you talk to the Lord just like you talk to another person. First, you give your heart to the Lord and he needs healing in his leg. He fell a couple of months ago off of a ladder. Pray for his soul and a broken leg. Brother Greg sends that in. So, we want to commit that to the Lord tonight. All of our needs locally. And whatever you have tonight, you have need of, we just commit it all under the Lord. Have an unspoken prayer request, we just want to commit all these things unto the Lord. Brother John, if you'd come and pray tonight, buddy. Appreciate Brother John. Don't we? Amen. It's good to be here. It's good that he's here. Amen. You know, I I usually don't say much, but I just coming from North Carolina, my sister-in-law was in a bad place. They sent her to ICU and uh didn't look good, but we had prayer and the Lord come on the scene. If you have a need, you might be in a spiritual ICU. You might be in a place that you don't know what to do, but he'll come on the scene. Amen. Let's go to the Lord. Heavenly Father, yes, you are. Lord Jesus, it's so good, Lord, to be in your presence. So wonderful, Lord Jesus, to know, Lord, not just hope, but but know, Father, without a doubt, that you're right here amongst us. Lord, we're so thankful, Father God, that you've given us this opportunity to come together. Lord, you've given us an opportunity to speak to you lip to ear. Father, we know that you're right here with us. And we're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that you care so much about us, Lord, that you've taken your time, Lord, to come amongst us, Lord. And Lord, it's not just a an overall meeting, Lord Jesus, that we're looking, but we're we're looking to, Lord, but we're looking for a personal experience, Lord Jesus. There's a group of people here, Lord Jesus, but I need something individually, Lord. And I know Lord Jesus that there's many people here that have that individual needs Lord. And what's amazing about you, Father, is that you can meet each and every one of these, Lord. Lord, we just love you so much and we thank you, Father, for this time we have together. We're so under such expectation, anticipation, Father, for you to come down and speak to our hearts, Lord. May you be glorified. May we lift you up. May we praise you, Father God. Cuz we know when praise goes up, you come down, Father. Anoint each and every person, each and every every song we sing, Lord. And may we just so focus in on you, Lord. Lord, may we be on in one mind and one accord, Father, that you might move freely through this place, Lord. We love you. We thank you in Jesus name. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, receive the evening offering. Let me make two or three announcements real quickly while they're doing that. Tonight, uh, Brother Rob Re wanted you to know that the gym will be open tomorrow from 10:00 until 2:30 for youth activities, lunch at the pavilion at 12:00. So, remember that there will be a well, I've just now announced that there'll be another announcement concerning a picnic at the pavilion at noon tomorrow. Everybody is welcome. Also the library will be closed uh after no no well let's see after Saturday's service the library will be closed because maybe due to the length of the service and and different things. So the the library will o be open tonight but it will not be open tomorrow night. Now we got we got a lot of good songs and uh we're going to have to sing her. So I want you to sing fast. do the best you can. And we're gonna we're gonna sing with you fast and got four songs tonight. Now, the last time this guy was here, he sang so good. It kind of hurt my feelings. Be honest with you. I kind of got mad about it, but uh pay him back. Brother Wes Ardell is going to come and lead us in a couple of congregational songs. We love that guy right there, don't we? [Music] Amen. [Music] May you say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Amen. Blessed be his name. You say that. Amen. Let's sing this song together. Key of Bflat. Oh, when I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. won't forget his own. Oh my companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. Jesus, the lion of Judah. Our God, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sent his angels to guide me. Oh, there is no storing power. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Oh, when when I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. His faithful and true. Won't forget his own. Oh, my companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. Oh, wonderful savior. Oh Jesus, the lion of Judah. Our God. Our God is tremendous. His strength never fail. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sent his angels to guide me. Oh, there is no stormy powerful. Oh, God is simplicity. He revealed you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Let's sing verse two. Oh, when I'm in trouble. Jehovah Nissi. Oh, the great enforcer. God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes. Oh, he will stand for you. Oh, and your victory will come. Not the way you think it should, but my great Jehovah just loves a paradox. So stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Our God, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sent his angels to guide me. Oh, there is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in some blessing he revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. One more time. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never fail. He goes through the fire just to save one sinner. Yes, he is mighty. He sends his angels. Oh, aren't you glad? Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, there is no scr powerful our God cannot handle. Our God is simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. [Music] Glory to God. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, I've been changed. Oh, healed. Oh, I've been freed. [Music] Delivered. And I found your peace. I found grace. [Music] and favor. Oh, I've been changed. I've been changed. Oh, he Oh, I've been free. I'm free tonight. Oh, I'm delivered. Oh, and I found joy. Oh, peace. Oh, I found grace. Oh, yes. Your grace and your favor. Oh, and right now and right now is the moment. Oh, today is the day I've been changed. Yes, I've been. You might as well worship. Oh, I have waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by. Wo. So I say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came. Oh, he's here tonight. Oh, change me. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Oh, and all my shame, all my guilt, oh guilt, all my sins, all my sins, are they forgiven? Oh, forgiven. Oh, when there's no more change. Oh, no more fear. Oh, my past. Why don't you tell the devil, "Oh, it is over. Oh, and right now, and right now is the moment. New day. Oh, is the day I've been changed. Thank you, Lord. I've been changed. I have waited. I have waited for this moment to come. And I won't. Oh, no. I won't let it pass me by. With my hands, I say I won't go back. I can't go back. Oh, to the way it used to be. Oh, before your presence came. Oh, came and changed me. And I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. Oh, before your presence came. Verse two. Oh my shame. Oh my shame. Sing it now. All my guilt, oh guilt, all my sins, all my sins. Oh, they have been forgiven. Oh, and there's no more chains. That means we're free. No more fear. Oh yes, my past. Oh, it is over. Oh, and right now and right now. Today's the day I've been changed. Oh yes. I've waited. Waited for this moment to come. And I sing it with all your heart. Oh, let the Lord hear it tonight. Oh, I say I won't go down. I can't go back. Oh, to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me tonight, Lord. Oh, I won't go back. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a good hand tonight if you will. Hallelujah. Amen. Singers, if you'll come on. Sister Rosie, Sister Lindsay, if you'll come on. Sister Haley Cross, Brother Tim Bdett, and then the choir is going to be singing last. So, if you quickly make your way to the platform while they're coming, Brother Wes is going to do It's Already done. I like to hear him sing it. Don't you? Let's help him. You're singing awful good tonight, buddy. [Music] Oh, it's already done. [Music] Oh, it's already done. Oh yes, the battle is over. Oh, the victory is won. Oh, and it's already done. It's already It's already done. Oh, it's so ready. [Music] Oh, the battle is over. Is it over? Oh, the victory. That's what a prophet said. Oh, it's already done. Oh, who needs healing tonight? Oh, I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already Thank you, Lord. Oh, the battle is over. Oh, the victory has been won and it's already done. Oh, my family. Oh my family see. Oh my family see. [Music] Oh yes. Oh the battle is over. The victory is won. Oh it's already done. It's already done. Oh yes. It's already done. It's already done. It's already done. Oh, yes. The man. [Music] Yeah. the Lord another good hand clap of praise as you're seated tonight. Sister Haley, if you get ready to sing for us this announcement, uh there's meals that'll be served in the fellowship hall after the service tonight. Also, ice cream and fireworks to follow at the pavilion. So, remember that if you're hungry, go to the fellowship hall. They got food for you after service. Give our singers a real good hand tonight if you would. [Music] deep as the ocean as rain. This powerful emotion lifts me up above the plains. It's taking me to places I never thought I'd go. [Music] Showing me your grace I never thought I'd know. [Music] When I feel like I can't go on, you deliver me. [Music] When the road is winding and way too long, you deliver me. [Music] You deliver me. [Music] I feel like a sinner. My sins have been washed clean. I'm absolutely given. This heart has never seen. I must be forgiven. For sometimes asking why I was chosen to be given you in this life. When I feel like I can't go on, you deliver me. Oh, when the road is winding way too long, you deliver me. [Music] You deliver me when there's a descent. Oh, between what I am and who I want to be. [Applause] [Music] When I feel like I can't go on, you deliver me. Oh, when the road is winding and way too long, you deliver me. Oh, when I feel like I can't go on, you deliver me. When the road is winding and wait too long, you deliver me. You deliver me. You deliver me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] From the beginning. You've been unchanging. Age to age you stay and constant you remain. every mystery. The questions I've carried are safe within your will. So I trust you. Even still I believe you are who you say you are. You do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are all able. I believe [Music] you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted ways straight to you. You are always faithful, Jesus. You're for me, [Music] holding me steady. [Music] Every word you speak is a promise that you keep. Build foundation cannot be shen. My God, you never fail. Never once. You never will. I believe you are who you say you are. You do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always able. I [Music] you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted ways. Straight to you. You are all faithful. I believe in the mighty name of Jesus. [Music] I believe [Music] that on that cross your blood was spilled. And by your stripes I have been healed. And every promise you fulfilled. I believe I believe that you rose again in victory. And that same power lives in me. I'm born again. I've been made free. I believe I believe that the gates of hell will not prevail. Your church is still alive and well. This goel truth I live to tell. I believe I believe there wonder you're coming for a starless until my face has been made. I believe. I believe. I believe. You are who you say you are. You do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you already made a way. So I'm running through hard ways straight to you. You are always faithful. I believe in the gospel of Jesus. I believe. Oh, [Music] and on that day I've run my race. I'll finally see you face to face. And nothing that will separate. I believe. I believe. I'll join with every tribe and tongue and bow before the lamb of God. Singing holy, holy, holy one. I believe. I believe. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Thank you. Good to be with you tonight again. Been a while since I've been here, but all is well. Trust all is well with y'all. How many believes tonight? Amen. How many's been to heaven, but you never left the room? Amen. Try another one on you tonight. Mary held the baby Jesus tightly in her hands. on her way to dedicate [Music] the child at God's command. Once inside the temple as his eyes fell on the boy Sam began to weep and cried aloud with joy. My eyes have seen salvation. on his face. These hands have touch. Amazing grace. My ears have heard the voice of God's own choice. I smell the rosy bloom. I'm into heaven. Though I never left the room. [Music] I remember very well a heart once torn by sin. All tonight recall the time I finally let God in kneeling in a little church into my life became since in his presence I was changed Forever I'll proclaim. My eyes shall see salvation on his face. These hands amazing grace. My ears have heard the voice of God's own choice through I to [Music] the room. My eyes have seen salvation on his face. [Applause] [Music] His hands I touch. Amazing grace. My ears have heard the voice of God's own choice. I smell the rose and blue. I've been to heaven, though I never live through. I've been to heaven, though I've never lived the room. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Okay. [Music] Who can sisify my soul like you? Who on earth could comfort me? Oh, and love me like you do. Who could ever be more faithful and true? I will trust in you. Yes, I will trust in you, my God. [Music] Who can satisfy my soul like you? And who on earth could comfort me? Oh, and love me like you do. Who could ever be more faithful and true? I will trust in you. I will trust in you my God. There is a mountain who is a king victorious warrior. I myself he's my redeemer [Music] could ever be more faithful and true. Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus. [Applause] [Music] The king. The king is for you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There is a fountain who is a king victorious warrior and lord of everything. He's my redeemer. Oh, glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I wonder what it'll be like when millions of voices will start praising him and talking about what a great great mighty conqueror he is. I want to be there, don't you? By the grace of God, we welcome you tonight. We've come expecting great things from the Lord these few days that we're gathered together. And without any further delay, we'll ask brother Matt Watkins if he would just come and bring to us what the Lord has placed upon his heart. No doubt our needs are as many and as versatile as the people that are here. We thank each of you for coming. All the effort that you've put forth to be here with us. You blessed us with your presence these couple of days. So, we just want to ask God to help us. Lord willing, tomorrow night, we'll be having a prayer line. Several several people have requested that we be prayed for. So we'll be starting the service tomorrow evening at 6:00. Give us plenty of time to pray for everybody. Uh brother Matt be speaking tonight. Brother Daryl tomorrow uh you tomorrow evening and then brother David Siler on Sunday morning. So for every service you can be with us. We thank you for that. If this is your only service and remember us the other two that God would just visit us in a special way. How many believes this is the time of our visitation? Imagine when Jesus goes into Jerusalem for the last time and he wept and he cried and he said, "If thou wouldest only had known the time of thy visitation, but now the time has come and passed, I don't want that to be said about us. I want to be able to recognize what God is doing." Sing something for us. Let's just open our hearts now. We invite brother Matt to come. whatever you have need of. Now, remember the Lord Jesus is mindful of your need. Lord God Almighty, [Music] great and do marvelous things. [Music] The heavens declare your wonders. For you are great and do marvelous things. [Music] For you alone are God. There is no one else like you. Let the nations declare that you have done great. You have done great. Mighty you are holy. You are your mercy endure forever more. Righteous you are you are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord my God, my king, mighty one. Holy one. Your mercy endure forever. Righteous you are, great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord. My God, mighty, mighty, you are. Holy, you are. Your mercy endure forever more. Oh, righteous you are. Great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God, my king. Amen. Can we give the Lord Jesus a hand clap of praise? Oh, give him a real hand clap of praise. Lord, you're worthy. Yes, you are, Jesus. Amen. Lord, we just want to tell you that you're worthy of all of our praise. Lord, how insignificant, Lord, we feel as David did when he said, "What is man that you're mindful of him or the son of man that you visited them, Lord?" And that's truly how each one of us here feel tonight, Lord. God, but we just want to raise our hands as creation, Lord. when the rest of the world rejects you and turns away from you. We just want to raise our hands and say thank you Jesus for your grace in our life. Thank you for your love Lord that comes after us continuing again and again Lord. Thank you Lord that you never give up on us but you keep Lord pursuing us even after Lord the storms and the battles and the missteps and the mistakes Lord that we make. But yet, Lord, here we are tonight. Lord, when you've put a desire in our heart to serve you, Lord, I pray that you would just be praised now. We give you all the thanks, Lord. We love you with all of our heart in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Brother, if you could just place something maybe softly there. Why don't you just bow your heads with me again? I I wonder even before we start this meeting. Amen. Just feel the nearness of the Holy Spirit. Amen. in a building like this. No doubt you'd come from different, you know, stages of life and different stations. And some of you raising children, some of you grandchildren, some of you know children, but we're all at different parts of our journey. And we all come through different tests and different trials. And no doubt if I was to go through this room, there'd be just a multitude of needs. body uh sick in body diseases spiritual some lost some with lost children some we're praying for that God will bring back uh some needs maritally some in the church brother Donnie didn't come back there and give me the you know the secret intel on this family and this family he didn't sit none of us brothers down and give us any clues what to preach on uh but I know this we're a needy people I wonder if you'd have a need here tonight just before we start this service before we start these meetings Let's just say, Lord, here's a hand that I'm going to raise. I'm going to represent a specific need, Lord. You said to ask anything in my name and don't doubt and you'll have what you ask for, Lord. So, here's my hand. I'm lifting it up now. God is going to see all those hands. And behind that hand is a need that's represented. Why don't we just hold it up before the Lord and talk to him? Lord Jesus, Father, we we're believers of your word. We believe that you are still tonight the same Lord that you were the day that you created the world, Father, when a dark darkness was across the face of the deep and you spoke and said, "Let there be, Lord." And you're still the same Jehovah Gyra here tonight. And it could look impossible for a mother, look impossible for a father, maybe a teenager here that's struggling and just barely made it into the door. But I just want to say the miracle is that you're here. that Satan couldn't stop you. He tried everything to hinder you, but you're here tonight in the presence of God. And Lord, we just want to pull up a ta a chair to your table, Lord, and say, "Come be the need meter. Come and be make the difference in our life, Lord. God, I pray that your spirit would just take control, Lord, over from the front to the back door, Lord, on this platform. May we, Lord, not uh Lord, may we right now just enter into the channel of what the Holy Spirit wants for us, God. Lord, I believe that you want to speak. And I just want to raise hands and say, "I'm here to listen, Lord. I pray that you'd make me sensitive. Make us sensitive to what your spirit wants to say." Lord, if it be someone here, someone online, someone who will listen later. Oh God, may your grace just reach down, Lord, and touch your children. We ask it now, Lord, for you to have preeminence in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You love him. Amen. If you have your Bible, we'll turn to the book of Job, chapter 23. Amen. God bless you. It's uh certainly an honor to be here with you and um just a privilege, amen, to be able to come here again and speak to you. And I just uh consider myself just uh the least among anybody really who could be up here. But I just want to say how thankful I am to be here. Brother Donnie, thank you. Amen. In the church here, amen, for the invitation and for allowing us to come. Amen. I appreciate my family and and friends and those that have traveled here. Amen. Don't you just love the Lord Jesus? Amen. Aren't you just glad to say I'm part of the family of God? Amen. I'm so glad to be part of that great family. Amen. One day trouble will be over. You know, one day suffering's going to end. Amen. And I just want to say happy day, Lord. Even so, come Lord Jesus. Amen. But now we've got trouble. We've got problems. We've got issues. We've got circumstances. And if you tell me, Brother Matt, we don't have those problems. I don't believe you. It ain't just South Carolina. It ain't just Tennessee. It's all across the world. Amen. We all, every church has got different battles and different things that we're facing. Amen. But I just want to say, Lord, you're greater than all of my difficulties. You're greater than all of my problems. You're greater than all of my stress, anything the devil has tried to put in my life and in my way. God, you are bigger than all of those things. Amen. We just want to do our part here tonight. And I'm going to minister to you. And I I've known really the generally speaking, the direction I would go. Just a few things I was praying about, asking the Lord what he would have me speak. And then the Lord just quickened something to me. I actually ministered this only a few times and even the Lord uh revealed this to me months and months ago that I would stand here and I would preach this. So I just pray that the Holy Spirit would just make it real to you as he made it to me. Amen. And so we we just want to uh be used of the Lord and and and be sensitive to his spirit and just say just what he wants us to say. Amen. We believe he's in control. Amen. And so we just want to give him all the preeminence. Now I'm going to minister to you something that is very personal to me. It's very real to me. Some things you know you study. Some things you know that you you look at than other things you live. And uh and so what I'm going to minister to you tonight is something I've lived very personally. And I believe God is a personal God. I believe he's one who doesn't just give us great lofty things. That's wonderful. But I believe God can come down just to right at our seat on our row and just come right down into our living room right where we live. And God could bring a word and you you know really what you need is a word from the Lord. And you don't need a word from man or a word from science or a psychologist. We need a word from the Lord. And I believe that the Lord can give us a word. Amen. And I believe he's given us that here tonight. I want to minister to you tonight. And I'm going to title my sermon here tonight, broken but not bitter. You can be broken and not bitter. Amen. Let's look at Job chapter 23 and verse 8. Behold, I go forward, but he is not there, and backward, but I cannot perceive him. On the left hand, where he doth work, but I cannot behold him. He hideth himself on the right hand, that I cannot see him. But here's where Job's confidence laid. But he knoweth the way that I take. And when he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold. Hebrews chapter 12. Just one more passage and then we'll have you be seated. Hebrews chapter 12. And I just want to begin reading here in verse 14. Follow peace with all men and holiness without which no man shall see the Lord, looking diligently lest any man fell of the grace of God, lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you. But notice it doesn't stop with you and thereby many be defiled. Lord Jesus, we just ask you to come and bless us now. Lord, I pray that you would take my words, Lord. You know how Lord, how I've waited on you. Many things, Lord, as a man that we would love to preach many things. We directions we love to go, but we're your servant, Lord. And I pray God that you would just come and make this real. Come to every heart, every life, Lord. And may you bring a transformation so real that we can say we left here and we have never been the same before. I pray Jesus that you would just take full preeminence. I just become now subservient to you, Lord. I follow your spirit now. I pray that you would move in every life. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated. You know, it doesn't always make sense. Life is like a journey. We could look at you could find that in the Bible very starts with Abraham. And Abraham leaves everything that he knew, leaves his home, leaves his family. It was a hard thing. It wasn't easy for God just to say, "Get up." Doesn't give him an explanation. Doesn't tell him even where he's going. Think about that. But just tells him, "Get up out of this land. Leave everything you've ever known, everything you've ever worked for, everything that you thought your life was going in a certain direction. You had it mapped out so perfectly. You had everything lined out. You had planned on where you'd live, what your life would appear to be like, what kind of family you would have, what that circumstance would be. And you had everything mapped out. But what you didn't realize is that long before you ever started drawing your blueprint, an architect, before you ever breathed your first breath, was already engineering every part of your life. You see, this life is not about this life. As my dad says, it's about the next life. And so everything that we go through as sons and daughters of God, everything that we take in, every experience that we have, not all good, not all bad thankfully. But you know, life sometimes is a comes in your life and you realize that life can be full of trouble, full of problems, full of sorrow, full of difficulties and sometimes full of questions. Amen. It's amazing because so many times we end up somewhere each of us in our life no matter what journey that we have and all of us would be different from the next. Somewhere in your life you'll end up with this question. Why? And we've all asked that if we'd be honest here tonight. We didn't always understand everything. Why Lord? Why did this happen? Why did I go through that? Why did you take me through this weight? Many times we say, "What did I do?" do and we start tracking our life and looking what went wrong and what mistake did I make and why did this take place. You know, it's never wrong to ask why. But the problem is is many, if I could say it this way, many people die in the why. And they never make it past that question because they never on this side many times we don't always get the answers. It's amazing because I could say this for any servant of God and all the men of God here would agree. Preachers don't have everything figured out. I hate just to let the cat out of the bag and and bust us all. But let me just bust us all and expose us all and say we don't have all the answers. I know you might think that we do. You might think that your pastor does. But many times he looks at his own life and says, "I Lord, I don't I it doesn't exactly make sense. I I I I thought that I understood what was taking place, but I really, if I'd be honest, I don't really understand what you're doing in this part of my life. Many times we go through certain things and we could look back and you could say, I still, even to this day, I don't have the answer to why this took place. Why did it happen this way? Why did it take place this way? Friends, I can just say it this way. On this side, many times you only get one side of the story. But there's coming a day when you will get the other side of your story. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon would say it this way that God's prophets don't know everything. And he said, in fact, they only know what he allows them to know. Many times, even through visions, they're trying to make sense of certain things and why it took place and they interpret it one way. But many times we don't always understand everything that happens in our life. You know, it was never it's never the trouble. It's never what happens at the beginning because the beginning is our story. It's our it's our purpose that God gave us. You take a man like Joseph and Joseph was a man who was given a dream. Now, the dream you could say was the beginning of his story. It was the promise that God had made him. It was he put all of his hope. He banked everything upon that. That was the beginning of his story. And you could say the beginning was a dream. And then we could fast forward to the very end. And here's Joseph. He's on the throne. Here's his family. And he could say these words, what the enemy meant for my evil, God has used for my good. But you know, the trouble with Joseph would never be with the beginning or with the end. But the trouble comes with what happens in the middle. And you see, this is where our struggle, if we'd be honest, really comes. It's never the promise. Listen, friends, as a believer, you will never question the word of God. You can say with all of your heart, Lord, I want to say, I am a believer of everything you have spoken. I don't doubt it. I don't question it. Why? Because that's what a believer does. He believes what God says. You don't have trouble. Your trouble will never come with believing what he spoke. But the trouble will come when you look at yourself and you look at what he spoke and then you say, "Lord, it's not exactly matching up the way I thought it would." Can we be honest here? Put your angel wings and your halos off to the side for a moment. It's never the trouble. Sarah never had trouble with believing. It was when she looked, the trouble started. When she started looking in the mirror, she seen wrinkles. She's seen age. She's seen difficulties. She's seen problems. But my Bible says, where did she get her strength? Where she could be a believer and put her foot down and say, "God is a faithful promisekeeper." You know where she drew her strength? My Bible says she considered him, not her, but him who made the promise. that he was more than able to keep his own word. And so many times we don't understand it. It's not what happens at the beginning of our story or the ending. We know where we're going. We know our destiny, but it's Lord, I've got to live with the here and now. The prophet of God would say this. I think it's so powerful. In fact, you can display if you've got it, brother. You can. If not, it's okay. I'll just read it. So amazing. Abraham Lincoln actually was the man who said these words, 16th president of the United States. Something so powerful that he said. He said, "Nearly all men can stand adversity. But if you want to test a man's character, give him power." Come on. Nearly all men can stand adversity. But if you want to test a man's character, give him power. It's incredible because we can look at this and you could see these words and you know power is a word that we all are familiar with. We all understand it really well. And it's amazing when you look down historically, there's something about power. When we look at power given, power can become like an intoxicant, like an intoxicant, a drug to many men. It can become a a a drug that they use. Let me say it this way. Power many times can reveal character in ways that nothing else can. In fact, certain traits and certain certain uh uh uh tendencies in people will never come out in their life until you place them in the position of power. You see, power would be something that would become an illumination that would light who a person really is. Listen friends, who you see is not always who they are. Hello, somebody. Let me tell you, young sisters, who they look like is not always who they are. And you could see people a lot of times and and they look the part, they talk the part, they have all the right words. But let me say it like a prophet said it. Who you really are is not all the layers you see here on the outside. But who you are is not who you are. When you're in church, there's special meetings. It's a Friday night and there's a youth camp. There's a youth meeting. There's believers. your mother, your father's there. That's not really always who you really are. I'll tell you who you really are. You are who you really are when nobody else is watching and nobody else is pulling and nobody else is there to encourage you. That's who you really are. It's been power actually without character that has led to some of the most devastating times historically. It has been power corrupted without character that would lead to the subjugation of whole races of people just because of their skin color. And we see the same exact thing today. It is power without character. When it's exercised that has led to some of the most corrupt, terrible times in history. Counterwise, we could also see that power with character has been some of what we would call the golden ages of civilization. You could think of the divin kingdom and uh even to today. They don't point to Hezekiah. They don't point to Solomon. They point back to David, the Jews, to say this was the golden era. This was the golden age because David was a man after God's own heart. Amen. Now, if you want to see how God looks at power or how God gives power, you only need to look at the life of brother David. You see, there were two versions of David. And I'll give you both of them. And then if you want, you could say which one you would rather be. The first version of David is he's got about $450,000 sitting in his bank account. He's got a 4,000 ft 5,000 foot mansion. That was his guest house. About a 15,000 foot home. He has a palace. He has a castle. He has maids made servants. He has no trouble. He had Man, you say, "Brother Matt, what who are we talking about? Donald Trump? You mean I can have that kind of Listen, this was a version of David. He had no stress. He had no trouble. He had no problems. He never worried. He wasn't trying to pay the light bill. Come on, somebody. He wasn't worried where his next meal would come to. He never fredded. He never struggled. He had everything in life at his fingertips. His feet would kick back, laying in the shade, people fanning him, feeding grapes, you know, to him. Just anything he wanted to eat, anything he wanted to drink, and life was just anything he wanted. Now, that's one version of David. Let me give you the second version of David. David is hiding in a cave. There's a man trying to kill him. He hasn't slept in 13 days. He ain't had a bath in 3 months. He stinks. He's stressed. He's troubled. He's only got a few friends, not many. just a few friends hiding, running for his life. And I ask you, which David would you rather be? The David in the palace who had no trouble and no trials and no problems, or the David who was stressed and worried and running for his life? I'll tell you what, before you answer, let me tell you what your Bible says. Your Bible says that the David that had everything going his way was the most carnal, backsliden, lustful David that we read about in the Bible, but the David with trouble and trial and tribulation and problems and stress was the David who wrote the book of Psalms. He was a man after God's own heart. Oh, we ought to thank God for our trouble and our trials and our tribulations. I could hear the prophet say, "Why does God let troubles come?" God harnesses trouble, puts pits in its mouth, and makes it obey him. And can I say as my testimony and those trouble and that trial brings us into a closer fellowship with him, we look so differently at life when we pulled it in that perspective. You see, it was David who wasn't just given the kingdom, but God brought him to the school of suffering. You see, that's a word that is so foreign to our world today. Suffering. Brother Brandham says this, I think it's so powerful and you could just display that, brother. Again, I'm just going to go through some of these quotes. Prophet's quoting Romans chapter 8. Why does he stand by? And if children than heirs, heirs of God, joint hes, if so be if so be that we suffer with him. And I know I know you've read these things a hundred times, but they're just so real to me. You just let me read them. Amen. He says, "If we suffer with him that we may also be glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory. It's not a gift. And a man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. You say, "Brother Matt, do you believe in power?" I believe with all of my heart in power, but I'm afraid many times we have misunderstood, as the prophet said, what power really is. You say, "Brother Matt, do you believe in power?" I believe with all of my heart. Let me just say this here for a moment. When you are born again by the spirit of God, your name is as good on the check as your father's name. All heaven backs up your authority. Listen, friends, I believe with all of my heart, there's not some kind of further fourth step or fourth work of grace that God brings you to. You know, this brother over here, he's got power, but this brother's never been adopted. He don't have power. How confusing that would be tomorrow night in the prayer line if I go to pray for somebody say, "Hey, brother, brother Daryl, I'm not an adopted son yet. Can you come over here and lay lay your hands? I'm born again, but I don't have You realize how confusing that would be. Now, we understand that there's a truth to that's not even what I'm preaching on. But what I'm telling you is is that you are truly, if you are truly sealed by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, all heaven backs up your word. And it ain't just preachers. Oh, somebody help me preach tonight. It ain't just preachers. It ain't just great men of God. Even if you are the skin on the bottom of the feet, you've got every devil in hell subject to your word. Oh, that ought to make you shout here tonight to know that all heaven backs up your word. Yes, sir. So, I believe with all of my heart and power, but can I just say God is not just willy-nilly giving out power to everybody to perform miracles, signs, and wonders? You see, we focus so much on power, but do we talk about character? Come on. Amen. Do we realize this is what the prophet of God taught us about power? That power apart from character is satanic. Hello, somebody. And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he Oh, there's the clue. He wants us to share me, brother Matt. me on his throne. Oh yes. Know you not that the saints of God shall judge there. Even angels even the even the the the the is this is what brother Brandham is saying here that he wants us he wants us on his throne. But here's why. Here's how on the same basis that he overcame and is set down in his father's throne. Then we have to overcome to sit with him. You believe brother Madam power? I believe more than ever with God we let me just say it this way. God wants to give you more power. God is not going backwards. He ain't got a gear of reverse. In fact, he ain't even got a gear of neutral. He has one gear and that is onward press on onward. Christian soldiers, I'm not looking for less power. I'm looking for more power. But I also want to say God can't give me power until my nature matches this Bible. You see, that was the purpose of the token. The token wasn't just an experience that you have. I believe in a one-time experience, brother. But let me just say the token, the purpose of the token was so that the nature of the lamb could come back on the worshipper. You say, "What part of me, brother Matt? I believe he's transformed my soul." Listen, friends, I believe the problem is is that many people have stopped with the baptism of the Holy Ghost in the new birth. I believe it's the new birth. But let me just say, that's not when your journey ends. That's really when your journey just begins. [Applause] And so many people make that the finish line. Listen, friends, let me just say this. God doesn't just want to transform your soul. Come on. He wants to change every part of you. See, a lot of people, okay, Lord, I came to an altar. I repented of my sins. I had an experience in the Holy Ghost. I believe I'm sealed. But that's all, Lord. And you, Brother Brandon, doors end door. Go read what the prophet of God said. He said, many times we let him in and then we keep him there. You say, "Brother Matt, what are you saying? You're saying that there's something more than just being born again?" Oh, yeah. The Holy Spirit's activity in your life is not through when you're born of the spirit of God. It's just beginning. You say, "God wants to change every part of me." Yeah, he wants to. He wants to change your personality if it doesn't match his personality. Prophet of God said it this way. Even the very human life, think about that. The human life of Jesus was to be upon the believer. his humanity. That means that your temper [Applause] that don't matter, brother Matt, how we treat each other. Don't make a bit of that. That's just Baptist denomin as long as we got an experience in the Holy Ghost. Listen, friends, I'm all for an experience. But let me say, if that experience doesn't make you humble, if that experience doesn't make you love your brother, if that experience doesn't make you a a a servant of the living God, I don't want that kind of experience. I want a miracle. You say, "You believe in miracles?" I do. But the greatest miracle that I'm looking for in my life is that this Bible and the nature of Jesus comes back upon my nature and changes every part of me. Hallelujah. your temper, your patience. Listen friends, we could go down the list. Say, God wants to change every part. He wants to free you of complexes. He wants to free you of fears. He wants to free you of any lie that you're living in your life. Say, "God wants to change that part of me. Not just my soul, but my human spirit." Yeah, he does. In fact, he wants to go further than that. He wants to change your body. Hallelujah. And I say, change it, oh God. If you got to start right here, start with my nature. Start with my temper. Start with my attitude. Start with jealousy. Start with bitterness. Clean out every part that's unlike you, Lord. Hallelujah. You see, your body will just be the final change of everything else that's changed. You love him. Power without character. Brother Brandon says, "Power with character is fit to roll." Notice this here. And the little temporary suffering we go through now is not worthy to be compared. I love this. It's not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing into his to who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation. Think it not strange concerning the fiery trials that are to try you. It's what Peter said. Is it strange? Is it strange? I love the way Brother Brandham says that that God wants us to develop a Christlike character that comes through shouting, screaming, speaking in tongues, dancing. I'm all for all of that. But this is how God gives power. Amen. Is it strange? He wants to develop Christlike character through suffering. No, sir. And we all have trials. You want to put your hand up there and identify? I'm here, brother Bam. I'm right with you. Come on, somebody. Don't Don't leave them down. I said we all have trials. How many of you have a trial you're going through right now? We all have trials. We're all Yes, brother. tried and chasened his sons, not one but goes through it. And the church that is not suffering is the church I want to be a part of. Where's it at, brother Matt? Where's it at? I'll move my family. I'll sell my business. A church that's not suffering. Oh, buddy. You mean no problems, no issues, no tr no troubles? Ain't it amazing how much we try to photoshop and create perfect lives and perfect churches and perfect people and perfect preachers? Listen, if you're looking for a perfect preacher, you might as well leave now. But if you want to know a preacher who's got a perfect God and a perfect savior and his word is perfect and he can take that which is imperfect and through the foolishness of preaching could bring perfection. [Applause] Amen. The church that is not suffering. Oh man, where's that church at? I would love to find it. You will be looking for the rest of your life. If it's a true church of God, that is. You see the church that is not suffering. Oh, but brother Matt, I thought we was supposed to have a perfect life. No blemishes, no trouble, you know, perfect people, you know, just perfect lives, perfect marriages, perfect pastor, perfect everything. Isn't it so amazing this this way we try to look for in the cursed part of the of the of the world and we live on this side of eternity, yet we're still looking for some Eden experience. Listen, I believe we can have a true spiritually need Eden experience. But many times people look for an Eden experience, you know, an eat and a perfect church with no trouble and no trials and no problems and I'll just move and many people pack up. They think all my church is just full of them. And so they go from the next church to the next church to the next church to the next church. Yeah, I know y'all don't have anybody like that, do you, brother Donnie? looking for perfection when we don't realize because many times we so bad think oh well you know I'm just going to be you know uh uh disqualified you know and and and so let me just say this friends I'll just go ahead and say it how I feel it some you you you if you want to know what kind of people to surround yourself with don't try to surround yourself with people who have this perfect image and perfect life and everything looks like they got it all together and never have questions they and never question They got all the message figured out. They have all the answers. They can just answer all of your problem. Don't those are not the kind of people that will ever do you any good. But why don't you get around somebody who's went through tribulation and trouble and problems, but they came out on the other side and said, "If God brought me through it, brother, he'll bring you through it, too." Hallelujah. Those are the kind of men of God that can help you. But we want perfect life and no blemishes. I'm so so glad that we had a prophet who wasn't afraid and ashamed to be transparent before us. Tennessee, you know, in many places he talked about a woman. I was reading the other day, a Indian woman who was trying to do miracles. And brother Brandham knew it. She was just trying to make money, trying to get people to come to India. And brother Brandham said, "I knew the whole thing was a sham." And he started critic. Imagine here's a woman with not a real gift of God robbing people out of their money, their life savings, and brother Brandham starts criticizing that. Now, you think, "Wow, I'd criticize that, too." Here's what Brother Brandham said. Brother Brandham says, "You pray for me because I can't criticize that. If I do, I'll lose my favor with God." And somehow we think it's okay to criticize each other, criticize our pastor. You see, God cares. Can I just say God cares about those things. Let me go on. The church that is not suffering, is not being tried, hasn't got it. It isn't of God. You say, "Brother Matt, that was the Sermonian age, and they had to go through suffering. We're not going to go through I I believe with all my heart I absolutely brother Brandham said that the bride doesn't go through the tribulation. Why would a man love a woman? Take his wife and send her through persecution feast of trumpets 64. I believe all of that. But let me tell you what the prophet of God also says in the next quote. This special condition in Samra must be applied to Hello. Say it again. There is no age free from it. There is no true believer free from it. This is of God. It is needful. We need the Lord to teach us. Yes, we do. That we are to suffer and be Christlike in doing it. But we want the power. If I had a big red staples, what was it? The Staples easy button. Man, if I had a big red button here, Brother Donnie, and I said, if you could just come up here and push this button, you push it, man, you'll have all the power of God, you'll be able to speak to your family, cure all your problems, save all your kids, deliver yourself of all sickness, man, there'd be a stampede here in this church to come and push that red button. But what if I told you before you push it, before that there's power, there's got to be character. And before there can be character, there's got to be suffering. And through suffering, there's going to be a test. There's going to be a trial. There's going to be a problem. There's going to be a circumstance you got to go through. See, brother Matt, are you asking God for suffering? Nobody. My hands are tight down. But here's what I know. If I want power and I want to be like God, how many times have we prayed and said, "Lord, I want to be more like you. I want to be greater in your image. I want to do more for you." This is the way God brings it to pass in our life. Thank you, Lord. It'd be through some of those times in our life when it doesn't all make sense and you question things in your life and think, Lord, why am I going through this thing? Why did this happen? It would be through through some of those servants who have lived for God and they've had to suffer hard things, suffer through deep trials and tribulations and tests many times not understanding what is God even doing in my life? Why did this happen? Why did I go through it, Lord? And so many times some of the things that that happened to us, we don't understand. You know, back in 2013, actually, years ago now, was having your pastor, Brother Donnie, come and preach meetings. And and and I'll never forget that that week as I woke up sometime about 4:00 in the morning, Thursday, I think it was, just right before the meeting started on a Friday. And I I remember I got up to use the the the restroom and and and the next thing I know to get out of bed, I was laying on the ground filling the carpet around, thought, "What is happening?" Turned over and looked up in the dark room and never forget so vivid that entire room was just spinning as fast as I couldn't even make out the ceiling fan. Thought I was having a heart attack. And the fear and the anxiety gripped me so much I just I I blacked out. Just passed right out there on the floor. remember I woke up sweating and cold and and I looked up and the whole room was just moving and I didn't know what to do. I started crawling from my bedroom out to the hallway and to the living room and crawled up there on the couch. Remember I pulled myself up there and I'm just crying out to God saying, "Lord, I don't know what's happening. I don't know if I've had a stroke. I don't know if I'm have what what is happening, if I'm dying, what this is." But I remember the whole room was just spinning as fast as it could. And and the stress of that situation just became so great that I just lost consciousness again. And and the next thing I know, it was morning. My wife was waking me. And why are you on the couch? And and and I just remember as soon as I woke up, I looked up and she was just moving left and right just as fast. Couldn't even hardly make her out, make make her face out. And and I and I and I just said, "I don't know. Something something's happened." And and and I just remember in my right ear, I could just I could just hear just like almost like you had your if you was to take a sea shell and you just hear that, you know, that whooshing sound. And I I knew that something was wrong. I didn't know what it was. And friends, can I just say this? I feel this feel the Holy Spirit so strong. Thank you, Lord. Life can change like that. That's right. And you're just cruising on autopilot and your life you think will just go one way and then suddenly everything that you just took little simple things that you take for granted and life just in an instant and in a moment life is different never the same. I I I say that with such sincerity that at that moment I I I remember I I I couldn't hear very well out of my right ear and and and I just I just didn't know what was happening. I thought I I'm not really sure what's going on. I I I I just thought, man, it must be wax or buildup. So, I did something really crazy I would never recommend. I went and bought one of those. You ever heard of those ear candles, man? Talking about a like a torture device. And believe it or not, you take this thing and I know it's going to sound crazy. You stick it in your ear and you light it on fire. So I lit that thing on fire and man, it starts pulling out the buddy. I don't mean to gross you out, brother David, but stuff came out of my head I never could imagine could have ever fit there. I mean, it was so great. I was taking pictures of it. I couldn't believe it. I thought, "Oh, buddy, we have found the problem." And uh but it didn't seem to do any better. I called might have been you, Brother Arvin. I can't remember if it was you, Brother Andrew. And I said, "I don't know what's going on. I could you look at me?" You know, and and so I I I forget if that was what night that was, but I went and and and and the brother looked at me and he took his, you know, that tool they got with the glass and the little light. And he I remember I forget he shined his light in there said, "Wow, man, your ear is clean." I said, "Yeah, I know. Take care of my ears. He said, "Man, it's whistly clean. Boy, goodness, ain't no wax in there." I said, "Yeah." And and so he said, "Well, you know, it could who knows what it could be? Could be just a, you know, ear infection of some kind and it was it was the weekend. You couldn't get to a doctor said on Monday you're probably going to want to go seen." And but it just seemed like from there it just got worse and worse and worse. And before you knew it, I couldn't even the vertigo was so bad. I couldn't walk at all. I had to be helped anywhere I'd go. I couldn't I couldn't walk and keep my balance. You know, balance is something you ought to thank God for that you're able to even stand up on your two feet cuz you can lose it. And when you do, buddy, you know what you lost. And uh and and I never forget there the the the that whooing sound just left and it went to just to a loud ring. It was tenitis, tonitis, however you want to call it. Loud loud ring that was louder than any everything else. And I I just couldn't hear. I I knew something was wrong. Uh, my phone could ring on the left, just right in front of me. And if my eyes wasn't looking at my phone, I thought it was in the next room, the kitchen. I couldn't tell where it was. I'd speak to my wife. She'd have to tell me, I'm in I'm in this room cuz I couldn't locate. It's actually physically impossible to localize sound without two ears. It's impossible. You don't you take that for granted. It's the same as vision. Without two eyes, you have no perception of depth. And so, I I couldn't figure out where sounds were coming from. And it was just a you know I and and and life I never forget in that moment trying to lay there and on the couch and just try to be normal in my mind not really knowing what is happening what's going on. That night we started services and brother Donnie was preaching and I remember I couldn't walk but I just wanted to be at church. I had I forget who it was come and get me, load me up in the car, take me to church and I said just put me in the sound booth and I laid back there in that sound booth just laid on the floor. No one could even see me. I just wanted to be in church so bad. And they brought me up there and laid hands on me, prayed for me, anointed me with oil. And I'll never forget Monday, I went the next day and I went to the ENT. And I and I go into that room and the aiologist says, "First, we're going to take a hearing test." And so they put me in that soundproof room. Yeah. Anybody ever had that have a hearing test? Some of you raise your hand. Don't make me Okay, good. I'm not alone in this. You know what I'm talking about. in that soundproof room, you know, and and and it's insulated and I got those, you know, the the things they put in my ear and I got this little clicker. He said, "All right, we're going to test your ear and you know when you hear these sounds, you're going to click it." So there it was, man. Beep click, beep, click, beep, click. You're just clicking, clicking, clicking, clicking with every frequency they go through. Hey man, you see, you know, it's every clicking away. He says, "All right, Mr. Watkins, we're going to we're going to test your your right ear now." And he says, "I I I want you to if you hear anything, just start clicking." So, I'm waiting, waiting, waiting. Finally, he opens the door. He said, "You did you didn't hear you didn't hear anything." "Hey, let's try it again." I said, "Okay, go ahead. I I thought he maybe didn't start it." And here it was again. Nothing. And so, he he opened the door and real somber look on his said, "Come with me, Mr. Watkins. Dr. Christian will see you." So, I go back there to that room and I, you know, just remember the confusion of what's happening and why was he concerned and this is, you know, you think this will go away. Okay, it'll come back. Things will be normal. You know, surely, you know, I'm only 30 something years old. As I'm too young to have problems like this, nothing will, you know, it's going to why why does he look worried? You know, my mind starts to mind battles start to come and you start to feel that anxiety and that pressure think what's going on. And and so I remember Dr. Christian opened the door with this clipboard. He said, Mr. Watkins, he said, I got good news and he said, I got bad news. Which one you want first? I said, I'll take the bad first. He said, "You have sudden sense of neuro hearing loss, also known as sudden deafness in your right ear." And he said, "It affects 6,000 US citizens roughly on average every single year. It's what they call an idiopathic disease, which simply means they're ignorant of why it happens, how to treat it, what to do, why did it take place." They have theories, think it was a a cold or something that struck the audio nerve. The audio nerve sits in a bone, it swelled, and then it died. And and he says, "I hate to tell you," said there's different severities with it. And he says, "There's certain DB that you can lose." And he says, "In many people, we can give steroids. They can get some hearing back, some all hearing back." Unfortunately, Mr. Watkins, in your case, he said, "Whenever there is more than 40 dB of loss and vertigo, we don't know why, but whenever it's associated with vertigo," he said it this way. He said, "There is no statistic to recovery, there's no way you'll ever get hearing back. I'm sorry to tell you that." And he said, 'You actually have more than 80 dB of loss. You have devastating hearing loss. And he said, 'But the good news is is that mostly you you can live a normal life. He said, you know, I give you hearing aid, but it only amplifies what's there and you have nothing there. He said, you you'll struggle socially. You won't want to be in big crowds. You won't want to be in any you want to have smaller settings and you won't want to go into rooms without noise treatment in loud areas. And he said, socially, you're going to struggle. He said, "The tonitis won't get better. It could, but it most likely won't." And he says, "You'll get you'll be able to walk again. The vertigo will go away." And and you and and I dealt with it for months after benign positional vertigo. And and uh and and so he just said, you know, and and that's it. And and we're sorry, but if you ever feel sorry for yourself, come to my office and I'll show you people who have no hearing at all. Your problem's only how big it is with perspective of other people's problems. And uh and I'll never forget uh that feeling of that's it. We'll see you in 30 days. We'll discharge you. It'll be over. And he walked out. I'll never forget the the the feeling of just being totally alone with my own problem that no one else could hear, no one else could see. You look at me, it doesn't look any different. And boy, the devil starts turning the screws on your mind. I remember going there laying at home there and trying to believe, trying to have faith. As many times it's easy to have faith for others, sometimes it's so hard to believe for yourself. And I remember I laid there, I was on the couch and just discouraged, fighting. I'm an optimistic person. Hard hard to get down. Always see the glass half full. Take it after my dad, the eternal optimist. And I I really couldn't get down. But, you know, it really started weighing on me. Life is never going to be the same. You'll never hear your children the same. You'll never live life the same. You won't be able to preach anymore. How could you preach like that? How could even in church? You're going to suffer. And and and and then weeks turned into months. And and I remember I was laying on my couch that night. I'd helped a little church set up. Maybe I think it was their live streaming or whatever it was. And and I wasn't there. I was at home on a Wednesday night. And a brother text me says, "Brother Matt, I know you're in church." He says, "Maybe could you get on and check our stream? We're having this problem." And and I remember I just I wasn't in church. I pulled it up and the pastor was out there and he was already talking and he said, "You you you people at the church, you know this brother." He named him. He said, "You know, sometimes the Lord gives him a word and and he he's a real unassuming brother, real humble." He said, "He doesn't make himself anything, but he came to me about 3 months ago and he gave me a little sticky note with something on it." And he said and he said and I he told me you know that brother this is for somebody and he said so I just put it on my desk thought it was for me maybe maybe it's for me maybe I'll understand it. And he said well tonight that brother came to me and he said brother I got to tell you the Lord told me that sticky note is not for you. It's for somebody else. They're going to hear it tonight. You've got to read that note tonight. Boy, I was listening with my one ear. I was listening as hard as I could. And he says, "So I don't know who you are." And he says, 'But I'm just going to read it. And he says, 'You take it from the Lord if it's for you.' He started reading these words when I cannot understand my father's leading and it seems to be but hard and a cruel fate. Still I hear that gentle whisper ever pleading, "God is working. God is faithful. Only wait." Never forget, I just started to weep there on the couch. My wife came home. She said, "What's wrong?" I said, "I know these are happy tears." I said, "I got to tell you what just happened." She said, "Do you not realize on the refrigerator what I put out of my little devotional she reads from a 19 1800s author?" And she wrote the very same exact thing on the refrigerator. I think it was that day when I can't understand my father's leading, and it seems to be but a hard and cruel fate. Still, I hear that gentle whisper of pleading. God is working. God is faithful. Only wait. Amen. I went through that month had another meeting there and brother Tim Pru, brother Timothy Pru was by I think it was they prayed for me just believing God was going to do something and and I I I went to the doctors my 30-day whatever it was discharge visit there to to to be discharged as a patient. I walked into that that that aiologist and the the aiologist said, "Sir, I I'm so sorry, Mr. Watkins said it's it's protocol. We got to do another hearing test." I said, "No, I want to do another hearing test." Amen. He said, "Okay, well, sure. You come on in then." So, he comes over, he puts his, you know, left ear, click, click, click, and he says, "All right, Mr. Watkins, I'm going to now test your right ear." I remember there in that room, I just bowed my head. I said, "Lord, I believe your word with all of my heart, and it does not matter what happens. That has nothing to do with it. I'm still a believer. You're still a healer. It changes nothing. The result changes nothing, Lord." And I waited and it wasn't like the left ear, but there it was. Beep click beep click beep click beep click. He came busting that door. He said, "Mr. Watkins, you heard that? Well, I want to test your your your discretion." He said, "I'm going to say 20 words." And he said, "I want you, if you could say anything you think I say, I want you to repeat after me 20 words out of 20, brother Donnie, I got 18 out of 20 words right." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Nothing is too hard for the Lord. I walked into that office and Dr. Christian threw his clipboard. He said, "You proved me wrong. I have no explanation for what happened." He said, "You're not supposed to hear anything. I'm not trying to give you a false hope." I said, "But I wanted to say, you didn't give me any hope, doctor. My hope was in Jesus the whole time and my hope today is still in Jesus. Hallelujah. You say, "Brother Matt, why do you tell that?" Not just to give you faith, but to let you realize it doesn't always make sense. Even today, I don't have perfect hearing. I Lord gave me back between 50 and 60 decimals or something like that. I don't hear perfectly out of my right ear, but I believe what God started, God will finish what he started in your life. God is not just a starter. He's a finisher of what he starts. It didn't always make sense. Didn't make sense to the disciples. They could not comprehend. How could a man who's chosen of God suffer? How? It doesn't make sense. How if you're called of God, if you're chosen of God, how could you go through suffering physically, bodily? Even the Apostle Paul knew this, wrote letters and saying, "Don't, you know, don't be troubled by my afflictions. Don't be troubled by my that that they arrest me, throw me into prison. I was ordained. I was destined for this." But they couldn't understand. Job's comforters, his friends couldn't understand. They could not make sense. How could a man who's called of God suffer? Is this not what Jesus was told us in Mark chap John chapter nine? When the man who was born blind, you remember that story? And he was born from birth, he was born blind. You know what the disciples ask? Think of the first thing that they go to when they see a a child who is suffering without a reason. He was born that way. And the first thing they ask him, "Lord, why was this boy born blind? Was it his father's sin or perhaps his mother's sin?" You see, they tried to much like us equate if I'm called of God, then I could never go through this. If I'm called of God, if I really had faith when I asked in prayer, God would have healed her. God would have healed him. They would not that would not have happened in my life. This is how we treat the promises of God. And immediately when it's when a prayer goes instead of a yes, it's a no. We say, "Well, there was something wrong with me. Something was wrong with my faith." like that little woman. You know, brother Brandon, did I not have enough faith? Yes, sister. You had great faith. Why was he born blind? Was it his mother? Was it his father? Oh, I love the words of Jesus when he says, "Neither was it his father or his mother?" But I want to tell you, there is nothing you can go through in your life, no suffering, no sickness, no trial, no sorrow that doesn't have this one purpose. that the works of God might be made manifest in your life. Hallelujah. You ought to shout right there and say, "Nothing that the devil could bring in my life has this purpose that God could be made manifest in my life." Hallelujah. You see, there's nothing you can go through in this life that doesn't have this purpose. And God knows what he's doing. God knows what he's doing. Then why is it happening, Job? Why is it happening? Come on, Job. Tell us. Let me tell you something. These friends are no friends at all. Come on, Job. Come on, buddy. It's okay. And for 30 chapters, they scrutinized him, questioned him. Come on, Job. Tell us, Job. Come on, fess up, Job. It'll be We'll still be your friends. We'll still love you. Tell us, Job. Why? No man goes if God could. You lost your family. You lost your wife. Your wife's wanting you to deny him. You lost your children in a tornado. Job, come on. That doesn't just happen to sons and daughters of God. No son of God could ever be called that way. And be really, Job, it's got to be some kind of sin in your life, Job. Come on. Tell us why. You know what the problem was? Job didn't know. He didn't love to give them an answer. But even he struggled with this question. Was doing everything right. I was living life just going my own way making sacrifices to God. I don't understand. You see what you will never find in your Bible. You will never find that before God ever put Job through anything, he sat him down and said, "All right, Job, take a seat. Now listen, buddy. He's about to go through some terrible things, Job. I You're about to go through some big problems. But I just want you to know, Job, it's me. Job, you're going to go through some difficulties, but just know, Job, before you ever face it. I just want you to know, Job, you can trust me that it's me doing it, Job. It'll all work out for you. Good. You will not find that in your Bible. You see, many side and many times, as I said, we only get one side of the story. It's sort of like, you know, a phone call. You answer the the phone and you're just hearing from one side of that phone call. You say, "Hello." Oh. Oh, congratulations. Congratulations. Is it? You love it. You love it. How much does it weigh? Oh, is it beautiful? Oh, is it diesel or fuel injected? You say, "Wait, what just happened, Brother David? You thought you knew what was h Oh, I hope you catch it here tonight. You thought you knew what God was doing. You had it all figured out. But he had another plan. He was working in another dimension. And it was all for your glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You see, God would love, he would have loved to tell Job. You think even when Lazarus dies, he would have loved, that's why he he wept. He seen the suffering that Martha and Mary was going. He would have loved to tell them, but he knew they wanted a healing, but God wanted a resurrection. Oh, so many times we want a healing. And God saying, "I want to bring something greater out of your life than just a temporary moment. I want to have a resurrection. [Applause] [Music] Why Job? Why must it happen? You see, Job got to a place to where he didn't understand either. He thought, I don't I don't know. I don't know what what what did I do? You go read Job 18, Job 19. Some people don't make it to Job 16. They leave the you know, as soon as his family listen what you will never find, let me give you something else with the book of Job. You will never find in your Bible that somewhere in Job's life that God sat him down and said, "See there now. Why I did this, Job, was because of this. Why I took your children is because of this. Why I took this because your boils here was why you say, "Brother Matt, no, no, no, no. Surely it's there. Go read Job." You won't find it. You won't find God in this life ever giving him the explanation. I hope you're hearing me tonight. You see this is people die in the why. Even Job himself started questioning. You go read Job 18. He sounds like an atheist. He don't sound like a believer. The bitterness started coming into his life. The bitterness and the bitter thoughts of why why do you charge me? Says in Job 16, why do you charge me like a warrior? You take your arch. You're an archer and your bow and you draw it at me. It have been better for me never to have been born. Amen. And he starts the bitterness. Listen, God intends the brokenness, but God never sends the bitterness. Amen. And if you let the devil, he'll take that question, he'll take that circumstance, and you say, "I still love God." You might still come to church, that don't bother him at all. But if he can corrupt your spirit, make you an angry person, make you a bitter person, make you a complex person, because he knows that that bitterness won't just affect you. It'll start channeling out to your husband, to your wife, to your children, to your church, to those around you. And thereby many become defiled and he uses the conduit of your pain. You see, you got to watch the devil because he can't get to your soul. He knows that. He will can never take you to hell. He knows that. So he will try to get to your human spirit and give you complexes and give you fears and give you anxieties and your life. We got a lot of crippled people. Maybe not physically naturally, but spiritually if God could ever pull back the scales, we'd see crutches. We'd see wheelchairs. We'd see people that are maimed. All all of these pains that we go through in life. And now the devil has started to use those things and those things that God sent in your life to bring character. Satan says, "I'm going to spin it around in their mind and change the narrative." And it's never about their character. It's cuz they did this or they did that and the reason their son don't serve God and he's been away is because of this mistake and that fault and that failure and their husband left and and this happened and they lost this loved one and God never did. I'm going to twist the whole thing around and make you bitter. It's what happened to Rachel. You go read your Bible of the book of of Genesis and Jacob has a, you know, Rachel, the story of Rachel, a woman who God gave her, you know, takes a barren womb and opens her, she she opens that womb up. She has a little boy named Joseph, a promise of God. But now something happens. And here's Jacob and and and and Rachel. They're on their way to to to to Jerusalem. And they're in the city, I think it was called Rama there. And and here's Rachel's going to have birth. She's going to give birth to this next child. It's so powerful because something very tragic happens in that birth. Something very terrible that Jacob never planned. Rachel never imagined. She looked for that looked for that child. But here a very sad terrible thing takes place in her life. And the Bible actually says she dies giving birth to that child. And in her death, as she's breathing, I hope you hear me tonight. As she's breathing, her last words, you see, your words have the ability to imprint something. Amen. Your words and what you confess have the ability to transfer and to go into someone's human spirit and it could change the course of their entire life. I'm following the Holy Spirit now. You watch what you say, mama, to those boys. Watch what you say, daddy, to those sons. Your words could change the course of their entire life. And you don't know it, but your pain is now transferring to them. And that mother as she's dying, Rachel. Rachel. And life didn't go the way she had expected. She's breathing her last words. And as she's going to give birth, she says, "He shall be called Bonai, the child of my sorrow. Imagine that. She's going to take her sorrow and pass it down to her innocent child. Oh, but I'm so glad the story doesn't stop there. But my Bible says a father stepped in the breach. He stepped in the gap and said, "He shall not be called Bonai, but he shall be called Benjamin, son of my right hand." What was it? He changed the course of that boy's life. And you can change the course of your family and your home and your marriage and your children. Hallelujah. Oh, you ought to whip the devil with your confession and say, "Satan, I'm not going to confess that I'm losing. I'm going to say I'm winning. I'm not going to confess that I'm defeated. I'm going to confess I'm already a victor in Christ Jesus. I'm going to take what the devil meant for my harm and I'm going to use it for good. He changed his entire life. And here's Job. I'm five minutes in overtime. Do y'all believe in overtime in Tennessee? I think you do. I'm not a long-winded preacher. Just depends on who you compare me to. I'll leave it right there. You love the Lord. Notice Job doesn't know I go forward. You're not there. I go backwards. What does he mean? He means I'm I'm looking in my past. I can't find you. I'm looking at my future. I don't see you there. I go left means he's trying everything. I go right. Behold, you're not there. Lord, what you saying? I'm trying to find you in any little detail I can. I know that if I could just see a trace of your hand in this suffering, I'll be okay. How many ever felt that way? J. Job gets to a place. He says, "Oh, that I knew where he lived. That I knew his address. I'd go to his door. I'd knock on his door. Oh, friends, can I just be honest? How many's ever felt that way before in your life? If I could just have a moment with him, if I could just have 10 seconds just to ask him. I just got one question." Lord Job says if if I could if I could knock on his door, if I knew where he lived and I knocked, I know he'd open the door. I know he'd sit me down. I know he'd speak kind words to me. Hallelujah. I know he wouldn't hurt me if I could just have a moment. But I don't see you. Little did Job know in another dimension when he couldn't see, when he couldn't hear, when he didn't have no communication with, his name had came up before the throne of God. And God was so proud of Job. God says, "Have you considered my servant Job?" Hallelujah. that there's none like him in all the earth. He fears God's shoes evil. Oh, sure, sure, sure. God, yeah, he loves you. Yeah, your children love you cuz you put a hedge around them and I can't get to him. You know what the dumb devil didn't know? That when that was written in the Bible, his secret was dis our secret was discovered that God puts a hedge around his family. And the devil can't get beyond the hedge unless your father in heaven gives his permission to touch you. That means that no weapon formed. Doesn't mean the weapon won't be formed. It just means that it won't prosper in your life. God will bring it. God will make good. God will make glory. God will bring honor. God will bring beauty from ashes. Sure. It's just because you had him around, you won't let me touch them. God says, "Go ahead." You know the story. As it goes, Job gets to such a place as God just continues to move and this continues to go further. And Job's life begins to unwind and unwind and and unwind. He's not understanding. Lord, that doesn't make sense. And now that brokenness is starting to turn into bitter words. It finally comes to that crescendo and God says, "Who is this that darkeneth the counsel of God?" Stand up, Job. Amen. You know what God knows? What heaven knows? That Job's in a mess. Job's in a fit, man. He needs something. He's not seeing clearly. He's not speaking like a like a believer. everything that is lost. Even the angels, I'm sure, saying, "God, isn't this enough? Don't you think it's quite enough? Don't Don't you think, God, you ought to do something?" Listen, God knows how far he can take you. Don't you ever worry. God knows he'll never tempt you. My Bible says, "Above that which you can be tempted, but with that temptation, he will make a way of escape." Don't you think it's enough, God? My goodness. I'm looking at Job and I just I I don't know. God, you got to do something. God says, "Okay, okay. Listen. I got this. I got this." And God comes to Job and I'm going to tell you something in your Bible that I bet you most of you didn't know was there. I tell you, I'll be honest. I had no idea was in my Bible until I read it. And now I do. Job chapter 40. Turn there with me if you could quickly just on the screen. I just want to read it. Can we go just a couple minutes? I'm done. Amen. Notice this in Job chapter 40. I want you to notice because Job is in a fit. He's not understanding what's taking place in his life. And and he comes to Job 40 and God the angels are saying, "God, you got to do something." God says, "I got this. I got this." Now, Job, I want you to Now, Job's in a mess. He's in a fit. God says, "Job, I want you to consider two animals to two animals. Yeah. Yeah. Job. Uh angels no doubt are saying, "Where in the world is he going with this sermon? Animals. God, don't you see Job? He's in a mess, Lord. Oh, I got this. Don't you worry. I want you to think of the hippopotamus." The the the hippopotamus. Okay. I want you to consider the hippo and the crocodile. Okay. Okay. God. Okay. Job standing there wiping his eyes. Okay, Lord. The the the the the hippo and and God, don't you know what I'm what I'm going through? Don't you know, Lord, what I've went through? You're talking about animals, about a hippopotamus. Just hold on, Job. I want you to look at verse 15. I want you to behold now Bohemoth. He's not just a hippo. Actually, if you go look historically, and Jewish scholars say it was a prehistoric, three times the size of a hippopotamus. He eateth grass, he said, which I made with the eateth grass as an ox. And lo, now his strength is in his low endings, his forest is in the navl of his belly. He moveth his tail like a cedar. The senu of his stones are wrapped together. His bones are as strong pieces of brass. His bones are like bars of iron. He's the chief of the ways of God. He that made him can make a sword to approach unto him. Surely the mountains bring him forth food where all the beast of the field play. He lith under the shady trees. In the covert of the reeds and fins, the shady heat trees cover him. Verse 23. Behold now he drinkketh up a river and hasteth not. He trustth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth. Do you know in Africa the hippopotamus kills more people, humans, than any other animal in all of Africa? We think of the lion, but the lion's a prey. A lion's an animal that moves at night nocturnally. But the hippos lay in places you never would expect an animal to be. And people stumble in thinking that it's safe to get in the water. And that hippo is known to kill more people per year than any other animal. And God says, I want you to think about him, Job. I want you to consider him. Think of how strong he is. His bones are like bars of iron. His tail is like a cedar. It crusheth. Now move on to Job chapter 41, the next chapter. Then he goes to Leviathan. Leviathan, a prehistoric crocodile. He says in Job 41:1, "Can you draw out Leviathan with a hook or his tongue with the cord which thou let us down? Can you put a hook in his nose?" Did you think God could be sarcastic? Well, Job 41 will tell you God can be very sarcastic. Can you put a hook at his nose or bore his jaw through with an iron with a thorn? He says. He says, "Will, I got a question, Job. Will he make many supplications unto thee? Will he speak soft words unto thee? Will you make a covenant? Will he make a covenant with thee? Will you take him as a servant forever? Will you I got more. Will you play with him? Play with him as with a bird." Come on, Job. You can play with that crocodile. Go ahead, brother Donnie. They're not crocodiles, by the way. They're alligators. We live in Egypt according to brother Donnie and we got a lot of alligators. Yes, we do. But this was much bigger than any alligator we got back in South Carolina you got in Louisiana. And God says, "Will you play with him?" Come on. Will you? Will you? He says, "Shall the companions make a banquet of him? Shall they pardon among the merchants? Can you fill his skin with barbed irons or his head with fish spears? Lay your hand upon him. Remember the battle, do no more. What's he saying? I want you to catch this. What's he saying, Job? You've got to understand these are monsters in your life. And there will be monsters that come in your life, Job. And there will be questions that you wrestle with and you wonder about and it doesn't make sense. And those monsters, Job, I want to let you know, they will swallow you. They will chew you up. They will spit you out. They'll make you bitter. They'll make you backwards. They'll make you angry. They'll make you malice with jealousy and fearful. They will destroy you, Job. They will take your life and crush you and you will die in the wide. Job, I want you to know something, Job. There are going to become monsters in your life. But I got a revelation for you, Job. Here's the message I want to get to you, bride. I am the God of your monsters. I created the alligator. I created the hippopotamus. I can put a hook in his nose and make it obey me. Job, I am the God of your problems. Oh, you ought to rejoice, church. He's the God of our questions. Oh, give him a great big hand clap of praise. He's worthy of it. Hallelujah. I'm the God of your monsters joke. And when it doesn't make sense, I've got an answer. You know what Job says? Job says, "I spoke of things which I was ignorant of, and behold, I have heard of you by the hearing of the ears, but now now mine eyes have seen thee." Job stands up to his feet and he has this testimony that we know so well. Though the skin worms destroy my body, I shall see my redeemer. What was it? He couldn't understand it. He couldn't make sense of everything. But here's what he knows. My God is a faithful God. He never makes a mistake. He never makes a bad decision. Everything I go through is for one purpose. That the glory of God might come manifest in my life. And I say, "God, put me through what you got to put me through, but get glory out of my life." Oh, how many want to say, "Lord, I want the brokenness, but I don't want the bitterness in my life." Lord, you know what's so powerful? Brother Brand dramatizing in the message in tunement. He says, "Job, there he was with all the saints in paradise and he says, "Here comes a knock at the door." You know, I love it so much, brother Donnie. Job never got to knock on God's door, but God came knocking on Job's door. Hallelujah. [Applause] Brother Brandham says, "There was Abraham." He stood up. He says, "Sarah, Sarah, that Sarah, that's that's him. That's the one who spoke to me under the oak tree that day." About that time, Ezekiel stands up and says, "No, no, brother Abraham, that's the will. That's the will in the middle of the will. About that time Daniel stands up and says, "No, guys, you got it all wrong." That's that fire. That's that that fire, that pillar of fire that came in the lion's den when the lions are going to destroy me. About that time, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego stand up and say, "You guys got it all wrong." That's the fourth man I seen in the middle of my fire. About that time, Job stands up and says, That's my redeemer. What was it, friends? He got the other side of the story. Oh, and one day we're going to get the other side to the story. Notice they all seen him differently. Abraham seen him one way. Ezekiel seen him another way. Job seen him another way. Shadrach, Mishach seen him. Listen friends, when we get there on that day, he might have been someone different to you than he was me, but he will still be my God. He will still be your Lord. He will still be your savior. He will still be your friend. Oh, you ought to stand to your feet and say, "Oh, God, I'm looking for that day when all my questions are answered in Jesus." Oh, somebody ought to shout here tonight. Oh, you ought to give God praise. Hallelujah. One day, one day answered all his questions. Oh, bow your heads with me. Musicians, could you come? One day all of his questions. All of his wondering, all of his tossing, all of his turning, all of those long nights, waking up at 2, three, can't sleep. Mind's just racing. All those years, when they gonna come back, God, what's it going to take to get a hold of them? How many of us have prayed that in our prayer closet? God, I don't understand. I believe you, Lord. I trust you with all of my heart, but if I'd be honest right now, it just doesn't make sense, Lord. Oh God, I don't know why, but I trust you, Lord. You see, friends, your wounds have a sermon in them. Your story has a sermon in it. You've got to hear the voice of your sermon. Not the voice of failure, not the voice of defeat, not the voice of problems, but you've got to be able to hear the sermon, the drama, the story that God is trying to bring out of your life. If you could only look past the now, if you could only look past the current problem, and it looks impossible, and it looks like it'll never get better, looks like it'll never get any better. Oh, but hold on. When I cannot understand my father's leading and it seems to be a hard and cruel fate, still I hear that gentle whisper pleading, "God is working. God is faithful. Only wait. Just wait on the Lord." You see, in Job's life, it was all going to make sense on that day. And friends, can I just say that when we get on the other side and we're walking streets of gold, oh, and there's a there's no problems and there's no sickness and there's no cancer, there's no TB, there's no depression, there's no anxiety. I just want to say it'll all be worth it then. It'll be worth every meeting. It'll be worth every youth camp. It'll be worth every trial. It'll be worth every test. It'll be worth every prayer, every question, everything we've ever went through in our life. It'll all be worth it on that day when he wipes every tear from our eyes. When he gives the answers to all of our questions, it'll be worth it on that day. Your wounds carry a message. Do you realize that Job lived 140 years after the trial? Do you know he had grandchildren? Do you know God restored everything back in his life? And I could imagine, oh, if I could just preach for one more moment here, do you realize how many times people came to him with lost children they had lost and and families that had been destroyed? And now Job could take what the devil meant to destroy him. And he could beat the devil with his own testimony and say, "Brother, God brought me through it. God will bring you through it. God took me through it. God will bring you through any situation. You got to let God use your bruise. You got to let him use your wound. Every head bowed, every eye closed. I wonder if there'd be someone here tonight who could just say with an uplifted hand to say, 'Lord, I'm just going to raise my hand and I'm going to say, "Here's my wound, Lord. Here it is. I be honest. Here's that pain. Here's that hurt. Here's all my tears of cried. Here's all those questions I've asked. Here they are, Lord. Here's all my tossing, all my turning. Here's all my sweat. Oh God, here's my tears. Here's my worry. Oh, I raise it up to you now. Here's my fear. Lord, I'm going to give you the chance to do it. Here's my depression. Here's my anxiety. Here's my bruise. Lord, would you use it, Lord Jesus? Could you ask that with an honest heart? Would you use it, Lord, for your glory? Would you use it, Lord, if it could better somebody else? If what I've went through, if what I'm going through Oh, listen friends. You say, "Well, you don't know what happened to me. You don't know I got a right to get upset. I got a right to be angry. You don't know, preacher, what you're talking about. You don't know what they did to me." Yeah, but you don't know what kind of weapon you could be in the hands of God if you will change your testimony, change your attitude and say, "I might have went through it. I might have be going through it, but my God is still faithful. He is still worthy of all of my praise. I'm not going to stop worship. I'm not going to stop praise. My God knows what he's doing and I trust him with all of my life. Lord, we do today. We raise our hands as we close now and say, Lord, we trust you. We know you know what you're doing, Lord. I just want to say that with an uplifted hand. Lord, you know what you're doing. And if I've allowed my brokenness to become bitterness, then here tonight, I am letting it go in the name of Jesus. I am letting it go. I am throwing it down. I am washing it away. I'm asking, oh God, come and purge my mind. Come and purge my spirit. If I've got unforgiveness, how many can say, "Lord, come and wash me of it here tonight, Lord. If it's in my heart, oh God, I want my character to match your character. I want my nature to match your nature. I want the nature of my lamb to come back on my life. If there'd be anything in between my soul and my savior, I confess it now." and ask you to deliver me of it. Jesus, I pray, oh God, you've seen the hands that are up everywhere. I pray you'd greet every I pray you'd meet every need, Lord, that's in this building here tonight. Come and do it. Come and do what only you can do, Lord Jesus. Come and bring beauty from ashes, restoration from ruin. Only you can do that. You can sing. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Only you have that power, Lord. Come and bring beauty from it, Lord Jesus. Oh, can I do it? Can you do it, friends? Come and take it from my hands, Lord. I got to I can't do it anymore. I'm going to let it go now. I'm going to let it go. I'm going to let my bitterness go. I'm going to let that grudge go. I'm going to let that thing that's been hindering and defiling my family. I'm going to not let it go any further. I'm going to change the narrative and say it shall not be called uh uh Boni, the child of my sorrow, but I'm going to rename it. It shall be the song of victory. It shall be the song of dancing. It's not going to be mourning in the house of God. It's going to be shouting and rejoicing in the house of God. It's not going to be depression. It's going to be victory in Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. I just came into a valley. When like I've never been before. I keep searching for a way out. It seems like padlocks are on the door. Oh, there must be another sunrise, another sunset that I'll see. God will make this trial a blessing and the whole wide world see. God will make this trial a blessing. Though it sends me to my knees, though my tears flow like a river, yet in him there's sweet relief. There's no need to get discouraged. There's no need to talk defeat. God will make this trial a blessing and the whole wide world see. [Music] I am not the first one to come into this place. You see every child of God, these tests we must face. It is here that God will mold you and make you what you ought to be. God will make your trial a blessing and the whole wide world see. God will make this trial a blessing. Though it sends me to my knees, though my tears flow like a river, yet in him there's sweet relief. There's no need to get discouraged. I'm not going to talk defeat. God will make this trial a blessing and the whole wide world see. [Music] Now I'm standing on the mountain looking back. I can't see. When I was in my lowest valley, his strong hand was leading. Oh, it's good to see the sunshine and to taste sweet victory. God is my tri blessing. Oh, the love he has for me. God will make this trial a blessing. Oh, it sends me to my knees. Though the tears flow like a river. Yeah, he sweet relief. There's no need to get discouraged. I'm not going to talk defeat. God will make this trial a blessing and the whole wide world see. God will make this strong a blessing. Though it sends me to my knees. Don't tears flow like a river. Yet it sweet relief. There's no need to get discouraged. There's no need to talk defeat. God will make this trial a blessing and the whole wide world will see. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know the hardest trial of my life. The day that the train struck the car, two of my family was killed, but a little girl was dying. And I remember in the emergency waiting room, Cheryl was crying and she was shaking and she said she was going to be sick and I got a waste basket for her. She said, "I don't understand. Why is this happening to us?" He said, "You're gone all the time preaching? Why would the Lord do this to us?" And I said, "I don't know. I don't know why, but sometimes he doesn't ask us to understand why. He just says, "Can you trust me?" And I can say that no matter how dark it is, there is a man who can turn on the light and he can make your bitterest waters sweet. And maybe that's where you're at this weekend. Maybe you have come and you're going through such a hard trial. Maybe you've come with a report from a doctor that's not good. And maybe you have reached your land of morra, the land of bitter water. But maybe you're here for your greatest miracle. That God can just show you just how great he is. Have you enjoyed the word of God? Amen. Amen. Just before we go, I have a prayer request for brother Matt Carter. He's in a lot of pain in his back and hip and shoulder. Let's just pray for our brother. Just let's just bow our heads. Almighty God, creator of heavens and earth, the giver of every good gift. Lord, we bow in your wonderful presence and in our hearts there's thanksgiving for the revelation of your word. And Lord, you see this need of our brother Mac who is in a lot of pain. But we are so glad that you are our healer and that you bore our pain at Calvary. So Lord, we pray that this anointing we have felt among us would go to our brother Lord and that the pain would leave his body that he could come here this service tomorrow and testify of your goodness and your mercy and your grace for Lord what we cannot do we are so grateful you can do. So Lord, we get him into your hands and we ask, oh God, that you just move for our brother. And Lord, not only for him, but also for the hands that were raised here this evening. May we open up our hearts, Lord, to receive of thy word. May it bring forth fruit, God, for thy glory. Bless your people, Lord, we pray. We thank you, Lord God. that we can call upon you an everpresent help in the time of trouble. We commit our brother in your hand and these other needs into your hands for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you saints. And it been good to be in the house of God. Amen. Amen. I'm so glad that we serve a God who knows all about us. Aren't you? Amen. Can we just sing one more before we go? I think they're maybe getting some things ready over there. Can we just sing us one more, brother Harry? Just Can we worship him just just a little bit more? Amen. Oh, I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. I will praise you. Yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. Oh, I I will praise the Lord. Oh, I I will praise the Lord. I will praise. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. Lord, we praise your holy name, Lord Jesus. I will pray through every trial, through every darkness, through every situation. We're going to lift our voices to you. But God, you cannot fail. Hallelujah. We are so grateful it has in store. We are so grateful. You've got the Holy We Father God. How we worship you, dear God. How you manifest yourself among us. You made yourself known. We praise you and we praise you God. Our heal, our joy, our strength, our security. We bless your holy name. No matter your tomorrow. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What it has in store. I will praise the Lord. Oh, I going to praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you so glad today? Thank you, Lord Jesus. Come and do it. Yes, Lord God. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Remember, we have some some food over in the fellowship hall and then the pavilion. There'll be some ice cream and some fireworks. But I think we've had a pretty good fireworks this here this evening. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, brother. Thank you, buddy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Remember now, there'll be some activities tomorrow. Uh a picnic and some things for the young people. And then service tomorrow night will be at 6 and followed by a prayer line. So if you have any needs or you know someone uh you believe God can do something for them, just just bring them. We'll just see what our Lord can do. Amen. There's one thing I know God can't do. He cannot fail. I do know that. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Amen. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, as we come to the close of this service, Lord, what a wonderful word of God that we've heard, God. Lord, to see that trials and tests and situations in our lives are not always because that we displease you, but it's because you have confidence, Lord, that these things will make us better Christians, characters, Lord, that's developed to serve you better. And Lord, we're just grateful for those things that we've heard. Help us, dear God, to take these things into our hearts, Lord. And when the trials come, and maybe not tomorrow, it might be next week or next month, but when it comes, may we remember these things that we have heard, dear God. Lord, and Lord, may we use them against our enemy. For Lord, truly, truly, we're more than conquerors through Christ Jesus. Father, we ask that you restore the strength of our brethren. Bless this family, Lord, that made the effort to come. We pray each one that's come out tonight, Lord. Give them traveling grace on the way home, Lord. And those that are streaming, Lord, and at home, we pray, dear God, that your anointing would move upon them and bless them with the words also, Lord, be with those who prepared the food, Lord. And may it be used for the nourishment of our bodies. We pray that we could serve you better. And Lord, as we dismiss from this congregation, may we never dismiss from your presence, Lord. May we come to love you and know you more. We pray, Father, we ask that you'd just bless the remainder of these services this weekend, Lord. That when everything's said and done, we can testify, Lord, that you're the God who cannot fail. Lord, we commit these things into your hands for your glory. We thank you for the opportunity to serve you, Lord. Thank you for this great message. Thank you for sending us a prophet. Thank you, oh God, for the word that we're hearing will change our bodies, Lord. We're so grateful for that. Now, go with your people, we pray, in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, saints. Do you love him tonight? Has it not been good to be in the house of God? Amen. As we dismiss, sing us something, brother Harry. Water you turned into wine. [Music] Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. There's none like you. [Music] Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh, our God. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. He's awesome in power. Our God. our God. Into the darkness we shine. [Music] Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is higher. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. He's awesome in power. Our God, he's our God. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. He's awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Into the darkness you shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is awesome power. Our God, our God, our God is gater, our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is also in power. Our God, our God. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God. You are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome power. Our God. Oh our God. Water you turn into wine. [Music] Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. I got you a higher. I got a super power. I got our God. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music]
