################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - The Hour Is Come - Bro. Darrell Ward - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-16
Title:   The Hour Is Come - Bro. Darrell Ward
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQSMN1ez_LU
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Overcomers in is life. Yes, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, we've been made more than coner. We're overcomers in this [Music] life. Yes, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Trouble comes knocking at the door. Don't be afraid. You know it's not like before. Oh, that's right. Don't you give up. Don't let you get you down. You don't have to worry anymore. Thank you, Lord. All more we've been made more than coner. We're overcomers in this life. Yes, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Hold on. We're getting stronger every day. Praise the Lord. There's no reason for you to go astray. Don't be leaning to your understanding. Trust in him and we'll all sing. Lord, we've been made and coner. We're overcomers in this life. Yes, we've been made victorious. us through the blood of Jesus Christ. You got to sing that one more time. Oh, we've been made more than conquerors. We're overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. Give the Lord a good hand clap tonight if you believe that. Praise the Lord. We've been made that. We didn't make oursel that. We have been made that. Aren't you glad you have been made an overconqueror? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see them. Now, I would try to have you go shake hands with somebody, but a lot of you'd have a long ways to walk. So, just say something like, "God bless you, my precious brother, sister." Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to be in the house of the Lord tonight. How many of you enjoyed service here on Sunday morning? The word of the Lord was just precious, wasn't it? Amen. So thankful for what God is doing in our midst. And we know we're not all of it, but we're we're part of it. Aren't you glad to be part of it? You know, he could have easily left every one of us out. But he chose us. I'm chosen. How about you tonight, Keith? You're chosen. You can't help it. Praise the Lord. You just can't help it. Well, it's good to be in church. Good to see each and every one of you. Brother Daryl Ward is going to be speaking for us tonight. I know you're looking forward to that. We're just expecting a good time. Got a couple of good specials for you tonight. We're going to take about 15 or 20 minutes of your time and we're going to worship together tonight. How many of you going to help me praise the Lord? The rest of you going to help us praise the Lord. You ought to raise both hands. I'm going to praise the Lord tonight. How about you? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're so glad to have each and every one of you here. If we have visitors, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you at Word of Life. Trust you'll just receive a blessing tonight from the service. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless all of those wonderful people. Give everybody that we mentioned a nice hand tonight if you will. Praise the Lord. Amen. Got some prayer requests. We want to let you know about let me make this announcement first of all the upper roomies that's tomorrow night Thursday at 6 pm food will be served brother Rob Weber wanted you to know that so tomorrow night upper roomies 6:00 tomorrow night food will be served so don't forget that sister Jane Abati I hope I got that name close to right uh from Christiansburg asked for prayer for her greatg grandson Theo he's in the Rono hospital. Can't go home yet, but believing he will be uh going home soon. He's only 3 weeks old, born at two months, premature. So, we want to remember that family that the Lord would would be with them. Brother Fred Mullins's call and ask how everyone was. He wanted to greet the church. Well, I like I'd like to see Brother Fred, wouldn't you? Praise the Lord. Just looking forward to when we can see him again. Sister Linda Loris is here tonight. So happy to be in the house of the Lord. asked for more prayers. The doctor found more cancer wants to do radiation and a PET scan. We know that our God is control of all things. Sister Linda, we're believing the Lord for you tonight. Here's another announcement. A very large men's wedding band was found in the Fellowship Hall audio booth. Please come to the library to claim that. So remember that. Brother John Gresham from Fort Wayne, Indiana is asking for prayer for he and his family. He would also like to express how much he loves his brothers and sisters at Word of Life. So, may God bless the Gresham family tonight. Sister Brandy Anon says, "Dear Word of Life, please keep my sister and dad in your prayers. My dad is on his way to uh Riverton and my grandmother is having surgery on her heart. She's 92. So, we want to remember that prayer request that the Lord would be mindful of that. Sister Angie Brown has an urgent unspoken prayer request. would appreciate your prayer. So, let's remember that tonight. Due to unforeseen circumstances, the back air conditioning unit will not be on tonight. We apologize for the inconvenience. And I know some of you people in the back are saying, "Praise be to the Lord." So, for all that shows concern over that, the Lord bless you. The library will be closed on Thursday, April the 17th, 2025. Remember that. Graduates, please sign up uh the sign the form that's in the library for your Bible. Don't forget that. Graduates, please sign the form that's in the library to receive your Bible. Parents, please sign up your children for vacation Bible school in the library if they will be attending. We need to uh get this information for ordering our materials. Brother Michael Bailey sends that in. And this, you might have noticed some construction going on when you entered the parking lot this evening. That's the new playground area for our children. Now, until that is completed, absolutely. It's off premises to uh children. Don't be around it because we don't want you to get hurt. And uh I'm not going to tell you what Brother Michael Begley said, but it was very drastic. So, just don't be over there until it's completed. So, remember all these announcements, all of our prayer requests. Aren't you glad you're serving a great big God tonight? Do you love him better than everything in the world? Is he better to you than anybody else in the world? I believe we could all say that tonight. Let's stand to our feet. If you have an unspoken prayer request tonight, just by raising up your hand, we'll just commit all these things unto the Lord. Let's sing that chorus together one more time. We've been made more than conquerors tonight. Brother Rob, if you get ready to pray tonight over these prayer needs, we just commit them all under the Lord. We've been made more than conqueror. [Music] We're overcomers in this life. Yes, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. Want to say I appreciate brother Rob Weber and his family. Amen. Amen. just give our our brother a rose while he can smell it tonight. But where brother Rob was and where all of us were at one time, but where brother Rob was and where the Lord has brought you to, buddy? That's right. You're on a mountain top, buddy. We love him, don't we? Amen. God bless you, my brother. Appreciate you. Just so thankful. Uh I do want to say that this would be the the time that we head off to camp. And so for 15 years, I've been going to Louisiana camps. I want to it's just a a sweet feeling to be here and and see how God's continued to move. But I would remember them and I told them that I would pray for them. So I bring it before us that we pray for good meetings that they would have that. And uh what made camp so special is that the expectations of the children and our expectations were so strong that that God moved, right? And we dedicated that time. And for the the counselors that went and everybody else that went, it was just a a glorious thing. And there's no reason that God can't move here if we have the same expectation. And so I don't want to go through the motions tonight. No. Okay. So I want to pray for these prayer requests. I thank uh Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord for the grace that you've given to your people. I thank you Lord for the the how real you have manifested yourself in our lives. I thank you Lord for a living God and not some religion or some cold formal experience. I thank you Lord for what you've brought me from. I look forward to what you're bringing me to. But I thank God for what you've done so far. And I thank you Lord for my brothers and sisters. As I was an only child and people teased me about being an only child and how I was selfish when I was younger. I thank God for a family around the earth of believers that uh that we that I can serve and and serve you in conjunction with them. I thank you Lord for these prayer requests. I thank God that we have a place we can bring prayer requests. I thank God that I see testimonies as a result of pray prayer and faith according to your perfect will. I thank you for your word. I thank you for the the ministry. I thank you for the the evangelistic gift. Brother Daryl's life. I look forward to what he has tonight. And I thank God for around the earth there's a bride of believers that can bring forth Lord and manifest your spirit upon the earth for a dying and bleeding world. I thank you Lord for your peace most of all in our hearts with you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you brother. God bless you buddy. Praise the Lord. Ushers if you'd like to come at this time we receive the evening offering. I wouldn't take nothing from a journey now. How about you? Wish I'd have started it a long time ago. Wish I'd have made better tracks in the sands of time. Don't you? God's good though, isn't he? Let's sing that old song tonight. I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Well, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil will tip me and he tries to turn me around. He's offered everything that's got a name. all the wealth I want worldly fame but still I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now I got to make it to heaven somehow though the devil took me tries to turn me around he's offered everything that's got a name the wealth I want worldly fame it Good. Still, I wouldn't take nothing from my journey. Now, I started out traveling for the Lord. Many years ago, I've had a lot of heartache, and a lot of grief, and more. When I would stumble, I'd humble down and say, "Thank the Lord." I wouldn't take nothing for my jour. Wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Oh, the devil temp me tries to turn me around. He's off my [Music] world. There's nothing in the world that can ever take the place of God's love. Oh, that's the truth. All the silver and gold can ever buy a touch from above. When my soul is healing and I begin to feel his power, I can say thank the Lord I wouldn't take you. No, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil tips me, tries to turn me around. He's all for everything. God and name all the wealth I want. Worldly fame if I could still I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. No, no, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil tips me, tries to turn me [Music] around. He's offered everything that's God and name. wealth I want worldly fame if I could still it wouldn't take nothing from my journey [Applause] now I started out traveling for the Lord many years ago I've had a lot of heartache and a lot of grief and more when I was stumbled down thank you Lord Jesus amen I say thank the Lord. Praise the Lord for my journey now. Oh no. I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil me tries to turn me around. He's offered everything that's got a name. All the wealth I want and worldly fame. If I could still, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. And if I could still, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Micah, if you'll come on to the platform. Sister Harmony, if you'll come on to the platform. Be getting ready to sing for us tonight. Let's sing this little course together. We'll talk it over in the buy and buy. So many things in this life that happens, we have no answer for it. We have no solution for it. But if it's worth remembering, if it's worth talking about, we'll talk it over, Brother Rob, when we get there, won't we? Amen. We'll talk it over in the by and by. Sing it from your heart. Yes, we'll talk it over, my sweet Lord. And I I'll ask the reason. Thank you, Lord. We love you tonight, Lord. He'll tell me why. Oh, we love you, Lord. We love you. when we talk it [Music] over in the Bible. Oh, let's sing that chorus to him again. Oh, we're going to talk it [Music] over in the by and by. Oh, we'll talk it over. My sweet Lord and I love you. We love you [Music] Lord. We love you Lord Jesus when we talk. Thank you Lord. [Music] Now listen to this verse. Help brother Harry sing it. Oh shadows [Music] deepen and my heart bleeds sometimes. I will not question the way you walk your son of heaven. Oh, say to a church we know and call. Thank you, Father. I will not qu the unbroken. Oh, but we'll talk it over in divine. We're going to talk it over, my sweet Lord. I'll ask the Oh, we'll ask this question. He'll tell me why. When we talk it [Music] over in the B. Sing that second verse, brother, if you will. Hide my heartache behind a smile you and I'll wait for reasons till after your Jesus and don't try me glory. I know I'll find all of our burdens that all my burdens. They got a silver lining behind every one of our senior church. Oh, we'll talk it over. Talk it over in the sweet. in the sweet. We're going to talk it over. We're talking my sweet Lord and my sweet Lord. And I I'll ask the reason. You tell me why when we talk [Music] over in the B in mind. I'll ask the reason he'll tell me why. Oh, when we talk it over in the [Music] valley. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a good hand tonight as you're seated. [Applause] [Music] [Music] At the feet of Jesus I will lay my burdens down. I will lay my heavy burdens down in the stillness. I can hear my Savior calling out. Come to me and lay your burdens down. So I will lay down my struggles and I will lay down my shame and all the fear I drag around through this life like a ball chain. And I will sing halleluah to the one who sets me free. And you will find me at the feet of [Music] Jesus. And you will find me at the feet of [Music] Jesus. In the arms of Jesus, I will find my peace and rest. I hear him calling, "Come to me and [Music] rest." Buried by my shelter, cradled tightly to its chest. There and there alone I my soul finds rest. I will rest in the shelter of my Savior's embrace and safely in the reuge of his mercy and his grace. And I will sing hallelu to the one who sets me free. And you will find me in the arms of Jesus. [Music] At the feet of my savior, at the feet of my king, I will bow down and worship. I will lift my voice and sing hallelu hallelu to the one who set me free. You will find me at the feet of [Music] Jesus. And you will find me at the feet of Jesus. [Applause] [Music] There's a lot in the window. Table spread in splendor. Someone standing by an open door. Oh, I can't see a crystal river. Oh, I must be there forever. Cuz I never been this home before. See the bright lights shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I'm never in this home before. See the bright lights shine. Oh, it's just about home time. Oh, I can see my father standing. Oh, and I know this world is just a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. So Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I can see the family gather. Sweet faces look familiar, but no one's own. Nobody's feeble anymore. My lonesome heart is crying. I feel like spreading my wings for flying cuz I never been this home before. See the bright light shine. Oh, it's just about home time. Oh, I can see my father standing. Oh, at the door. This world is just a wilderness. And I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this homesick before. Well, this world is just a wilderness. And I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I'm never in this home sick before. This world is just a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I'm never been this home sick before. See the bright lights shine. Oh, it's just about home time. Oh, I can't see. My father standing at the door. This world is just a wilderness. And I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. This world is just a wilderness. And I'm so ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home city [Applause] before. He just leaves. Give D. Yeah. Help me sing this. The spirit and the bride are singing [Applause] come. The elect to be stirred inside their heart. Our united time has come. We are the father one. She will be with our forever. Oh light has come. The bride is making preparation. She's hearing the shout of her king. [Applause] He's leaving from the dirt once [Applause] [Music] again is granted to her. She's been washed in the blood of God's own son with a righteousness that's not our own. She's just before his throne. Where she'll reign with her Lord forever more light has come. The ground is awake in preparation. We're still here in the shadow of our [Music] king. He's cleaning from inside. And the dark on. And the dark on again. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that we can be led. Man, what an echo. Somebody help me out up there. I'm telling you right now, if I pass this life into the other life and someone hands me a microphone, I did not make it. Is this better? Well, praise the Lord. Can you hear me now? Praise God. [Applause] Amen. I don't know why it is, but the Lord knows all things. It's kind of an honor to be with you. And certainly appreciate you praying for us over the weekend. We was down at San Carlos among the uh Patchy Indians down there and just had a wonderful, wonderful time in the Lord. And if you got nobody to pray for, remember those folks down there. It just really break your heart to see the conditions they live in. and just I just really enjoyed being among them and praying for their needs and just had really had an outpouring of the spirit of the Lord on Sunday morning. He really had a breakthrough for the people and it was just so wonderful to see that. And so and then tomorrow we'll be leaving for Indiana. Got two services there Thursday and Friday and then down to brother David's the weekend there for Easter and Manchester. So we desire your prayers as we travel. We count it an honor to be here tonight with you, knowing he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And knowing that the dove still leads the lamb. Aren't you thankful for that tonight? Amen. And where would we be without this time of year when we turn our attention to the price that he paid for us at Calvary? And where would any of us be without the blood? I'm so grateful. Aren't you You remember You remember that time he come to you? I'll never forget it. December the 21st on a Sunday afternoon, 1981. The Lord camped him in an old building. I knew it was him because I felt him when I was a boy. I'm so glad what Calvary has done for us. Amen. If you have your Bibles and turn to the book of Mark, we're going to read from Mark chapter 14 starting at verse 36. and remember brother Donnie and sister Carol them as they're in uh over in Switzerland and brother David and sister Sus and some of them down in New Zealand and traveling and just remember them. I'm sure they appreciate your prayers. Mark chapter 14 we want to start reading at verse 36. Certainly enjoyed this long service is really really good. The Bible says this. And he said, "Aba, Father, all things are possible unto thee." Take away this cup from me. Nevertheless, not what I will, but what thou wilt. And he cometh and findeth them sleeping. And he saith unto Peter, Simon, sleepst thou? Couldest thou not watch one hour? Watch and pray, least ye enter into temptation. The spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak." And again he went away, and he prayed and spake the same words. And when he returned, he found them asleep again, for their eyes were heavy, neither which day what to answer him. And he cometh the third time, and said unto them, "Sleep on. Now take your rest. It is enough. The hour is come. Behold, the son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. Rise up, let us go. Lo, he that betrayeth me is at hand. You know, exactly on this day, 2,000 some years ago, Judas betrayed our Lord. Let us bow our heads. I want to speak to you this evening for just a few minutes on this is the hour, the season of recognition. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we come before you this evening, we're so grateful that you are a faithful high priest. And Lord, from the depths of our heart, we want to thank you for all that you have done for us, Lord. For while I was a yet sinner, you died for me. And Lord, as we got the request today of different ones, Lord, Brother Matt Carter and Sister Mallister, Lord, different ones that's afflicted, we ask, dear God, that your spirit would move upon them, that you'd be mindful, dear God, of the needs of your people, knowing, Lord, that you're the healer and the sustainer of our lives. And Father, we commit this service into your hands. We pray Lord that we could get oursel out of the way that you could speak to your children Lord that their faith could rise up and receive the things which you have promised us for this is the hour Lord and we pray dear God may we be faithful. We commit this congregation and oursel into your hands for your glory for we ask these things in Jesus name and the bride says amen. God bless you. You may be seated this evening. Amen. I'm gonna leave it on for this. You know, and our scripture opens this evening, we find our Lord praying in the garden. He had left Peter and the others a stone throw away. And he had went alone into the garden to pray. And he prayed earnestly if there should be a way that this cup would pass from him. He prayed, "Father, all things are possible with you. You You could do anything. Your God, don't make me drink this cup." Yeah. And the scripture says in Hebrews that who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared. And being in agony, he prayed more earnestly and his sweat as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground. You see, there is a medical condition known as hematradosis. And hemoddosis is a rare medical condition where sweat contains the blood, the capillaries that feeds the sweat glands. They rupture and they seep into the sweat. And it can be triggered by extreme physical and emotional anguish. And he gets up and he comes back and he finds Peter and him sleeping. And he says, "Peter, Peter, wake up. Could you not watch with me what hour?" And Peter says, "What's the matter, master? What's the matter? You're you're shaken. Is that blood on your face or are you bleeding? I've seen you walk on the water. I've seen you feed the multitudes. I've seen you raise the dead. But I've never seen you like this. Oh my. And he says, "Peter, watch with me. Help me pray." Amen. Lord, what shall I pray? And he comes back a third time. And the Bible said he cometh the third time. And he said unto them, "Sleep on and take your rest. It is enough. The hour is come. Behold, the Son of Man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. Rise up and let us go. Lo, he hath betrayed me. He who hath betrayed me is at hand. The hour is enough. that the hour denotes a certain definite time or season. And Jesus was here speaking. He said, "Father, the time has come." Now, there's seasons for everything. The prophet said, "Do you believe that you sow in a certain season and you reap in a certain season?" And there are seasons when the time comes right for things to happen. And he said, ' Do you believe that certain seasons brings responses? In summer, we find watermelons and picnics for the season of summer. We find hot chocolate and hot soup. In winter, because it's the season for it. And with each season carries an anointing. Let me say that again. Each season carries an anointing. Amen. And there are the things that God has promised for this age that he would happen. There's things God said it would happen in the age that we're living in and they will happen. And there's people on the earth now whose very purpose for being here is to fulfill these promises. He said, "For this cause was I born." And I want you to know that we were born for a purpose. We was not born just to be church members. We was not born to be just identified as a cult. Come on. That's not what we was put here for. But we was put here for a specific purpose. And he could have put us in any age he wanted to put us in. Luther's day west. He could have even put us in the days when walked on the shores of the Galilee with him. But he chose to place us in this hour. And he never put us here to fail. He never put us here to give up. He never put us here to backslide. But he put us here to be an overcomer. He put us here to put every devil under our feet. Amen. You were born for a purpose. Don't never let the devil lie to you and tell you you're a nobody. You are a somebody in the eyes of God. The season for these things to happen is here. The hour is come. And Jesus praying to the father. He acknowledges this that he's aware that this is his time. All the preparation, the first two pools of his ministry, all the fishes and the loaves and the miracles to get those people's attention to a vindicate who he was had come down to this. And he says the hour is come. It denotes a season, the season of recognition. Jesus coming down to the end of his ministry and the very purpose for him being on the earth. The hour is come. Amen. Amen. The purpose had come for the words of the prophets that they would be fulfilled. And now we find Jesus in Pilate's hall, in his judgment hall, betrayed by Judas, sold out for 30 pieces of silver. Today, they sell him out for a book that you can buy on Amazon. Oh my or some kind of website to get followers. brother. And Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? And Jesus answered and said, Thou sayest, I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I shall bear witness unto the truth, and everyone that is of truth, everyone that is of truth heareth my voice. Amen. That ought to make you happy. The hour has come. The season, the words of the prophet spoke has come into manifestation. And in Pilot's judgment hall, they said, "Pilate, this man claims to be the son of God, trying to provoke him into pronouncing judgment upon him." And when Pilate therefore heard this, saying, he was more afraid, and he went again to the judgment, and he saith unto Jesus, "When art thou?" Yes. Jesus gave him no answer. Sometimes it's good just to hold your peace. Amen. And then said Pilate unto him, "Speak thou not unto me? Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and I have power to release thee, but what my father will allow you to do?" Said, "Therefore, he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin. The hour had come for the prophecy, for the fulfillment of the prophecies. God's word would not return unto him void, but it will accomplish what it was sent to do. No one could stop it. Amen. Hallelujah. It could not be stopped. And let me say, this bride that was predestinated of God, she cannot be stopped. She will accomplish what she was sent to do. Nobody can stop it. There's not a devil in hell that can stop it. We may have trials. We may have trouble. We may have afflictions. We may have sickness. We may deal with all kinds of things. But it will not stop this bride. Amen. No one can stop it. Jesus recognized this hour. The hour is come. The hour has come for these things to be fulfilled. It is the season of the completion of my part of my earthly ministry. Time came for Noah to go in the ark. And Noah could not go into the ark before God was ready for him to go. You see, God would not be a just God to send someone to judgment that was just. And Noah was the preparation before the judgment. He was the preparation before the judgment. And what did they do? They rejected him. And they rejected his message. Amen. If you would have been in Noah's day, would you have got in the boat? Come on now. Amen. You see, take for a minute that we are Noah's day right here. And of all the people in this building, only eight went in the boat. Think about that for a minute. All the people in this, if we were that generation right here, represented in this building, only eight of us out of this building would have got in the boat. You see, in order to get into the boat, you would have to believe that Mo that Noah was a prophet against all those that said he was false. You had to believe that his message was from God. You would have to go against all the internet and the signs for that day saying there's no way it's going to rain. There's nothing up there. He's nothing but a liar. You would have had to go against all of that to get into the boat. But I tell you tonight, if you could see your day, you would have seen his day. Hallelujah. If you can recognize what God has done in this hour, then you would have recognized what God was doing in that hour. Amen. Hallelujah. And when the season came for Noah to go into the ark, God shut the door behind Noah. And all the opportunities for anyone else to ever enter was gone because the door had been shut. The hour had come. Noah's message was the preparation for the escape. And can you imagine, just think a moment, God was preparing Noah's preaching. And at the first thing you know, 120 years, but the first thing you know, why one day there come a thunder and I can see a flash of lightning for the first time flash across the side the sky. The season of fulfillment had come. The hour had come for Noah to go into the ark and he began to fill the pool. He said, "Come on, honey. Let's go." And his boys said to their wives, "Come on." And they got into the ark and the people said, "I wonder what happened. I wonder if there's a blast went off somewhere." And somebody might have said, "Oh, that was a rocket." The blast went off and a cloud began to rise. What was it? It was a sign that the hour had come, that the fulfillment of the prophet's message, Noah's message, was a preparation for escape. And when the blast of the thunder and the rising of a supernatural cloud was the evidence that the message was right, that was a blast followed by a cloud. You got that, did you? The cloud was a sign that behold the rain cometh. The cloud was a sign that behold the rain that Noah had preached about 120 year was coming. Elijah said neither rain nor due do I call for it. Three and a half years went by a drought was in the land and up on a mountain where God had provided a place for him to go. He prayed six times and nothing happened. And he said Gahesa the seventh time. And Gahesa come back and said, "I see a cloud the size of a man's hand. Right now, a hot, dry climate that hadn't rained for three and a half years and the cloud the size of a man's hand, it would have evaporated almost immediately. So, we understand then that this cloud was a supernatural cloud. But the cloud testified of an abundance of rain that was covered. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, God. Let me see if I could just bring it to you the way I saw it when I was looking at it. Think about it, friends. The cloud was a vindication that the rain was coming. The cloud was a recognition that it was coming. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. It not rained for three and a half years, but then the rain cometh. I got excited. Let me get over here again. Amen. Brother Brandham talked about the girl out west and he told the story how that the son of man, the the son of the man who owned the company had came out to the ranch looking for a bride and all the girls had dogled yourself up thinking that he would choose them because of their looks or because of their clothes or because of their jewelry. But he wasn't interested in that. He wasn't looking for a pretty face. He was looking for character. And he saw where the rest of them was lazy in the Leodysia age. She was laboring. Yeah. Taking out the dishwater and throwing it over the fence. And he watched her. And he went to her and he said, "I see something in you that I want. I see a character and I want you to be my wife. Will you marry me?" She said, "Sir, I feel so unworthy, but yes, I'll marry you." He said, "Now, I promise you, I'll come back at a certain time. You be ready. Come on. I'll come back a year from now. At this day, you be ready to go at a certain time, and I'll take you with me." And so, she saved her money. The prophet said, 75 cents a week. saving her money to get a wedding garment for the bride hath made herself ready. Amen. And as the season approached, she went into a little room. And there in that little room, she dressed herself for the wedding. Nobody helped her. The bride hath made herself ready. Amen. Amen. As the season approached, she put on the garment and the first thing you know when she came out and they they saw her that she was identifying herself as a bride. They begin to laugh at her and they begin to make fun of her and they begin to ridicule her. Yes, sir. Oh, you're just following a cult. You've lost your mind. You're you're in some kind of you're you're just a delusion. But not to her. She had a revelation. Amen. Amen. And the first thing you know, they all got around her and started dancing, you know, and singing songs, making fun of her. Yeah. And they met out like they was a bride pretending to be a bride. But it did not bother her. Come on now. Because you see, her eyes wasn't on the critics. Her eyes was on the promise. Hallelujah. I'm not interested in what they say in Facebook. I don't serve this message because, come on, somebody. I don't serve this message because of something that I see. I serve because the word vindicates it to be the truth. And if somebody talked you into it, somebody could talk you out of it. But I was not talked into it. I was born for this purpose. Her eyes was on the promise. And she watched that little old clock ticking. The first thing you know is just about a minute before he was due to come. Somebody said, "I thought you said he was coming." He's coming. That's right. I thought he's supposed to be here at a certain certain time. Don't worry, he'll be here. That's all I have to know. All I have to know is the brother said he's coming. That's all I have to know. Amen. He promised he'd be here. That's all I want to know. He's coming. When? I don't know. But he will be here. The hour has come for the return. The season is right. The promise is true. And right where they were making fun of her and saying all these things about her and teasing her and making fun of her and everything, they heard the wheels of the coming horses in the sand underneath the bookboard. And she broke through the line of the critics and out into the yard she went. What was it? She was ready. She was dressed. The hour has come. The season is here of recognition. This is my wedding day. The carriage was ready. The groom was ready. He grabbed her in his arms and set her up on the buckboard and they turned the carriage away. Headed off to Chicago. I'll come for you. He said he promised her. When you see these things happening, get ready. The hour is come. The pool is at hand. Amen. Amen. John said in 16:21, "A woman when she's in travail have sorrow because her hour is come, but as soon as she's delivered of the child, she rememberth no more the anguish, but for joy that a man is born into the world." You see, a woman knows when it's her hour, not the neighbor's time, not someone else's time, but when that birth pain strikes, she knows. She recognizes that her hour is come. It is a season of recognition. I remember when Sarah was pregnant with Jessica and it was on a Saturday morning and I was going down in the back field to cut some trees and she came out on the back porch. She said, "Darl," I said, "Yes, honey." She said, "I need to go to the hospital. It's time." And I said, "Are you sure?" I said, ' Maybe we should call Ask a nurse and see what they say. And my lovely wife, just as calm, said, "But I'm a nurse." I said, "Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's right." Amen. Amen. The recognition of her hour had come. The season of fulfillment had come. Jessica was being born. Saints, the hour has come. And I say to you, are we ready? Are you ready? Are you feeling the birth pain? Do you feel the pull? We've compassed this mountain long enough. It's time we turn northward. It's time we become what the word says we are. It's time we take our inheritance and exercise our God-given right and take the sword. Hallelujah. And drive it to the heart of our enemy because we are victorious. It's time for signs and wonders to follow the believer. According to the word. Come on. Not somebody's emotion, not somebody's sensation, but the signs and wonders according to the word. Amen. Amen. The hour come. The prophet said that's what the church is doing today. For Jesus is the word. He is the bridegroom and the bride is a part of the groom. Therefore, the word that is to be fulfilled in this day is the same part of the word that was fulfilled in his day. And it's the same word, same experience, same life. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Yes, sir. Same word, same experience, same life. The word that's fulfilled in his day, the word of the groom. In other words, the same word that speaks for the groom speaks also for the bride. Same life, same experience, same word. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you see that, friends? You see the church, Israel is in her homeland. She's there. Elijah's done come and gone. There's a rapture of the church. Hallelujah. He promised us a rapture. And that rapture is for a people that is bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh, word of his word, life of his life. In other words, he's coming for himself. [Music] She will be him expressed the works that he done. She will do also. Remember what we heard last Wednesday night? What a powerful message it was. When the brother Donnie from this pullpit, he preached, "Who are you?" Amen. Who are you? It's the season of recognition. The hour has come. Wonderful. Brother Donnie wasn't trying to tell us who Luther was, who Wesley was, who the restoration of the Gibbs was. But he's trying to tell you who you are. Look into the word and see who you are. Amen. What happened on Sunset Peak, on Sunset Mountain? You can't make that stuff up. It came down on Sunset Peak on Sunset Mountain. A blast followed by a cloud of seven angels vindicated that the message is right. And soon cometh the real rain. A blast in Noah's day. A supernatural cloud was the vindication, the season of recognition that the rain was coming. A supernatural cloud in Elijah when it happened rain for three and a half years was the evidence that the rain was coming and a blast. Hallelujah. And seven angels produced a supernatural cloud is speaking to us that the real rain is coming. Thank you, Lord. You see now why I've been so zealous of the kind of seed that I've planted for the body. The rain's going to fall pretty soon. I mean the real rain and it's got to have seed to fall on. He said I hope I live to see it. Do you understand now? We'll be living. We will it will be living the it will be the living word as it was at the beginning. The spoken word of God have his power for it is him. It is him in his own body. Who is the bride? Who are you? You are his body represented on the earth. What was in the cloud? His head. What good's a head without a body? What good's a body without a head? Amen. Oh God. But the head comes to call the body to enjoy to make them one as the sun and moon is one. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. spoken word of God to have his power for it is him in his own body working his own way. Look to the promises that God gave this body. The promises that God gave this body. We are not a people without a promise. We are not a people without an inheritance. We are not a people without power. We are not a people without anointing. We are not a people without a message. We are not a people without a word. Amen. For we are the word for our day vindicated. The body, his body on the earth, not an organization, not a denomination, but a body hast thou prepared me? A body hast thou prepared for me? Amen. Who is that body? It's you. The season of recognition, the hour has come. the promises that God gave this body. You see, if I taught you a method, a method Methodist message, it would take no effect on you because this ain't Methodist time. This is bride time. A Methodist message would do nothing to you. This is bride time. If Moses taught the message of Noah, it would have took no effect. If Jesus taught Moses message, it would take no effect. Yeah. because the predestinated seed or land that will only be watered by that type of water that's given for that seed. So there is a water that is given for this seed. A certain kind of water a real rain to bring a real water to water a real seed to bring forth a crop. A many membered body represented on the earth universal making him the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. I told the Apaches over the weekend, I said, "We don't have to go back to 65 and see what God done." He's doing it now. He's healing now. He's raising the dead now. Come on, somebody. We've not lost our strength. We've not lost our We've not got down here and run out of gas. This is our finest hour. [Applause] Amen. It will only be watered by that type of water that's given for that seed. See, it won't grow in any other condition. It must be the condition that grows it. And when you see the church getting worldly like it was in the days of Sodom, when you see the church world all going into the worship of the God of this evil age and seeing that then seeing then seeing a little little minority group gathered out under the inspiration of God producing again the life of Jesus Christ by the scriptures that's supposed to happen. reproducing the life of Jesus Christ again by the scriptures. In other words, the word spoken for your day, somebody takes that word into their heart. When a son of God by faith takes the word of God into his heart and speaks it back upon his lips, it's just the same as deity speaking. Every mountain has to move. Jesus spoke the word for his day. Wesley spoke the word for his day. But this is our day and we have a message. We have a word. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You know the hour that you're living in. The Bible fortell by prophecy what day you're living in and what time we're living in and what kind of events ought to be taking place. It foretells it exactly to the letter and it's never missed one age all the time. No one time had it ever missed and it won't. For who are the predestinated seed will see it. Jesus said, "No man cometh to me except my father draws him first, and all that my father hath given me will come." It's the word joining with the word. It can do nothing else. It's the day that we're living in when the word is coming to the word. It's the day that we're living in. The hour has come. The season of recognition. The season of recognizing who you are. Like the little boy that looked into the mirror for the first time, he didn't realize what he's looking at. But the longer he looked and he waved and he waved and all that he went through and all he got closer and closer and finally he touched the glass and he realized it's me. I'm looking at myself. Hallelujah. And when you look into the promised word for this hour, if you keep looking into the word, you know what you'll see? You'll see yourself. The same time the bride has recognized the evening light. It's just beginning to recognize the hungry Pentecostals begin to recognize that them organizations has got hasn't got anything that they're looking for. They're so twisted up, so torn up. See, it's the time of recognition. You've got to recognize the world has recognized, the nations has recognized, science has recognized, the devil has recognized that it's time he can wreck havoc on the women, wreck the church, wreck the people. He's recognized it. And God has recognized that there's a people on the earth that he has predestinated to life. He recognized this is the time to send his message. He's did it. The people has recognized it. And the bride time has realized the evening light. You see, the word manifested for the hour that you're living in is the light of that hour. Yeah. The word manifested for the hour that you're living in is the light for that hour. The evening light is just not the name of a church. The evening light is you. God. Jesus said, "I'm the light of the world." And then he said, "You're the light of the world." Did he suffer amnesia? Forget what he said? No. He's trying to tell you something. I'm the light of the world. But he said, "You're the light of the world." Why? Because I'll be with you, even in you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Not just a church name. Not just a church name, but it's you. Colossians 1:26 says this, "Even the mystery which had been hidden from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints been manifest." In other words, it has been made known. In other words, it has been revealed. The same word revelation and manifestation is the same word means the same thing. Amen. Amen. The even the mystery which has been hidden from ages and ages from generations but now but now but now is made manifest to his saints but now is made manifest to his saints denotes a set time or a set season like that song amazing grace. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Colossians 1:27. To whom God would make known the riches, the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. You see the action, the action of the mystery unfolding produces a reaction to the people it's unfolding to. Amen. Amen. The action of the mystery unfolding is causing a reaction to those it's unfolding to. My word will not return and be void. It will accomplish what it was sent to do. Amen. Paul's telling us here that the book of Colossians that God had this great mystery hidden from ages and from generations until a set season or a time that he would make this mystery known. And I say to you tonight, friends, this is the time when the time comes to make known this hidden mystery, when it come time to make it known, how would he make it known? How would he do it? this mystery that was in his mind. How would he make it known? Paul tells us in Ephesians 3:3, how that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery as I for wrote in few words he made it known to me by revelation. What is faith? Faith is a revelation. Amen. How that by revelation he made it known unto me the mystery. He makes the mystery known by revelation, by manifestation. Yeah. Amen. Brother said, "Now God's secret mystery that he had before the world began that was in the back part of God's mind. The mystery laid in the back of God's mind." And there was something that he was trying to do. There was something that he was going to achieve. And he had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be expressed. This mystery that was in his mind was how he was going to make himself expressed. It laid in the back part of his mind something that he was trying to do is do. He was going to achieve. He had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be expressed. God had the secret in his mind. Nobody knew nothing about it. For who had the access to God's mind? Notice he allowed Moses to go where? Just back to the beginning. That's far as Moses could go. Is that not what he wrote? In the beginning. That's as far back as he could go. But think of it. In this hour that we're living in, he allowed the prophet of Malachi 4:5 and 6 to go into the back part of God's mud. He allowed the prophet of this age to catch that secret and reveal it to his bride. Now, why would God suddenly want this secret to be known? A secret that had been kept down through the ages and to the generations. Why all of a sudden would the secret be made known after generation upon generation couldn't even look at it? Yes. Yeah. Why all of a sudden was it the season? Was it the hour of recognition of this mystery that was in his mind? Why would he do that? Because there must be somebody on the earth now who can receive it. a predestinated chosen body of people on the earth that knows what he wants done with his word. For shall have thus sayeth the Lord or keep still. Amen. Amen. Right? You see, not a God above us, not a God above us, not just a God with us, but his desire, the thing he wanted to achieve would be a God that was in us. Amen. Amen. The hope of all glory. What does the Bible say? Christ in you. Yes. Christ in me. The hope of all glory. Amen. 2 Corinthians 6:16. What agreement hath the temple of God with idols? For ye are the temple of the living God. Not a god of stone, not a god of wood, not a god of someone's imagination, but the living God having a living tabernacle that he could live in and express himself through. You're the temple of the living God. As God hath said, I will dwell in them and walk in them, and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Notice God's desire was not just to be with his people, but he wanted to be in his people. For he said, I will dwell not with them. I will not dwell with them, but in them. Amen. and I will not walk with them, but I will walk in them. God walking in his people. Oh, God, we live so beneath our privilege. Yeah. We let the devil beat us down and tell us we're barely hanging on and we're barely going to make it. You need to tell him to sit down and hush. Amen. You need to remind him who you are. You need to remind him who your daddy is. Come on, friend. You need to remind him where you come from and where you're going. This is who we are. This is not who we're going to be. It's who we are now. Do you have the Holy Ghost? That's the life he lived when he surrendered it that day of Calvary and it went back to the father. But on the day of Pentecost, what did he do with that life? He sent it back through the church. Amen. God the creator walking in his creation. No wonder Enoch could go home with him. Enoch walked with God and he was not. Brothers, come listen to me as they come. You didn't stagger into this message. That's right. That's right. God predestinated you for this time. The hour has come. The season of recognition. The season. This hour. This time it is bride time. The manifested Christ in you. The hope of glory. That great manifested God in Christ. Was God not manifested greatly in Christ? Amen. Was he not greatly manifested in Christ? He healed the sick. He raised the dead. He walked on water. He fed 5,000 with five bis with biscuits and two fish. Was not he greatly manifested in Christ? The manifested Christ in you, the hope of glory. The great manifested God in Christ. Now Christ manifested in you. The great God that was manifested in Christ is now manifested in his blood. Look at what was once God's great secret. God's great mysterious secret that was in his mind. But the mystery has transitioned. The mystery that was once in his mind is no longer in God's mind. Where did it go? Where is it at? What was once God's great secret, God's great mysterious secret that was in his mind is now put in the hearts of the believers. Amen. The mystery that was in God's mind is now in your heart. Not going to be well someday, some happy day. No, today recognize your day and its message today. Put in the heart of the believer. That's his body. The body of Christ. What was once God's great secret in his mind before the foundation of the world is now made manifest is now made manifest. Is now revealed. Is now made known. Where is it made known? Not on a bookshelf. In his people. [Music] Hallelujah. Think of it. a great secret in his mind before the foundation of the world is now made manifest. The prophet said, "Think of it." He said, "Oh my, where where in his bride and God would manifest it." Think about this. That God would manifest it in one man. Now he's manifested it in the entire church universal. What God manifested in one man called Jesus, he has now manifested it in a universal bride. Amen. Amen. Everywhere God can work through every man and every woman that'll open up their heart. That's right. And let the Lord Jesus come in and work his will through them. Amen. I think sometimes why we fail so much is we still try to project our will instead of his will. That's right. You see, a creator, a creator is about expression. You take an artist and they set up their canvas. It's a blank piece of paper. You don't even know. You don't know what they're thinking. You don't know what they're going to draw. You don't know anything about it. You do not know what's in their mind. But once they take the paint and start painting on the canvas, the thought that they had in their mind, the image that they had in their mind begins to be manifested. What they were thinking, what they were feeling is all expressed on the canvas. And you see, God don't want my education. God don't want my ability. He just wants my canvas. Hallelujah. He just wants me to surrender my will. That he can express himself through me. Amen. That he can preach through us, heal through us, deliver through us, live through us, express himself through us. That the world may know he is the same. It was what God desired. Amen. The whole time. Amen. was to be in his people. Amen. In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin the sound, the mystery of God, the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. Therefore, the entire Bible is a revelation of God's mystery in Christ. The Bible, the Bible, therefore, the entire Bible is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ. In Christ. In Christ. Don't that sound kind of familiar? You see, Mary was a human incubator and she carried that holy child and brought him to birth. It was he was a God man. He was the son of God. He was a new creation. Man and God met and joined. He was the first of a new race. He is the head of this new race. Well, if he's the head, where is the body? Right. Amen. Amen. She was a human incubator. She carried that holy child, brought him to birth. It was God. He was a God man. He was a son of God. He was a new creation. Man and God met and joined. He was neither man nor God. He was a God man. Man and God met and joined. He was the first of a new race. He's the head of that new race. And he is the head of the body. He is the head of the body. He is the head of the body which is the church which is us. Amen. Who is the beginning of the firstborn from the dead that in all things he might have preeminence. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, if any man be in Christ, because the entire book, the entire revelation of the Bible is in him. And if any man is in him, then the entire revelation of the Bible is in them. Oh God. Oh God. Help me to see it, Lord. Amen. If any man be in Christ, he is a new creation. All things have passed away. Behold, all things become new. Then you can see that though man that though man was of the old order or the old creation now in union with Christ he has become a new creation of God. A new creation not made after the order of the old creation. A new creation. God's mystery that he had in his mind. What he wanted to achieve was a new creation. A new race of people. Not known by their skin color, but known by what dwelt in them. [Applause] Amen. That's what I told the Apaches over the weekend. I said Jesus didn't die to make everybody white. He died to make us saved. He come to redeem us back to himself. Amen. Amen. Then you can see that though man was of the old order of the old creation, now in union with Christ, he has become a new creation of God. For we are the workmanship created in union with Christ. We are his workmanship created in union with Christ Jesus unto good works. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. a super race. Abraham said it was God in his creation, God and his son, and now God in his people. What are you hunting? Squirrel. How many you do need? Just speak the word. Amen. God in his people. Don't you see the entire Bible is the revelation of what God desired? When Moses, he was a type. Moses was a type when he stretched forth his hands and split the Red Sea. David was a type when as a teenager he took a stone and slayed a giant. Samson was a type when he took a jawbone and slayed a thousand. Yeah. Peter was a type when his shadow when he walked by people, his shadow healed them. God in his people, God showing I want a super race of people that they can speak a word. The prophet of God said you can speak a world and go live on it. God in his people, a new race. You see, all hell fights this truth. Amen. But it is the truth. Don't you see why the devil's fighting us? He don't want you to see who you are. Because with the true revelation of what she is, with the true revelation of what she is and who she is, and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army and the gates of hell will not prevail against her. But she will, she will, she will prevail over them. Put on a new man which after God has created in righteousness and true holiness. Friends, the season has come. This is the hour of recognition that we need to begin to say what the word said about us. Amen. Amen. Yeah. When I was a little boy, I had no idea who I was. But my mama and my daddy kept calling me Daryl, Daryl, Daryl, Daryl, Daryl, Daryl. Until one day, I said, "What?" And I recognized I recognized they was talking to me. Don't you see, friends? God sent you a prophet to call your name, to call your age, to call your season, to call your time, to tell you I no longer call you church. I call you bride. And I say shalom. The sun is up. Amen. Hallelujah. He's resurrected. Where in his people? Do you see it, friends? I know we don't see it like we ought to, but if we keep looking at it, if we keep looking at it and looking at it, we'll be like that little boy. He said, "My mama, it's me." Amen. He's talking about me. The works I do shall you do also. Who was he talking about? He was talking about you. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Let's bow our heads. I hope I ain't kept you too long. I just Oh Lord Jesus. God, I pray Lord that in my feeble way that somehow I could bring this thought across, Lord, that you put up on my heart there in that hotel room in Arizona. Lord, I begin to look at these things, oh God. Lord, how it's stirred my heart. Lord, if we could just see these things that your prophet has told us, Lord, if we could take them into our heart and speak them back up on our lips, they will manifest. Your word will manifest. It will not return unto you void, but it will accomplish what you have sent it to do. And this message is coming this hour to call a people, a new race, a new creation to whom you're not ashamed to call them brethren. Amen. Oh God, help us lay aside every weight to never sin. Lord, we can see why Satan wants to keep us so busy, wants to keep us so focused on so many different things that we can't look at these things. But God, may we realize we become the word as we receive the word. Amen. Oh God, may we take it into our hearts, Lord. May we speak it back upon our lips. And may every mountain of doubt and every mountain of fear move, Lord, for we're living in the hour, dear God, when these things are manifested among your people. The dead are being raised, the sick are being healed, demons are being cast out, Lord, in this very hour, Lord. In this very hour when the critics are so against us, even as they were you, Lord, in those final hours, they turned against you to the point they crucified you. But what come next, Lord, was a resurrection, oh God. And we see the hour that we're living in. We see this moment in time, oh God. May we not slack. May we not, Lord. Oh, God. May we not coast, Lord. But may we press to the mark of the high calling that's in Christ Jesus. Grant it tonight, Lord. I pray. Grant it tonight, Lord. We ask these things in Jesus name. Oh friends, do you love him tonight? Can you see it tonight? Just say, "Lord, open my eyes, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see it, Lord. Lord, I see it, but I want to see it more. I want to draw closer to you, Lord. I want to understand it more. I want to yield more. I want to just be that canvas, oh God, that you can express yourself through. That my wife can see you. That my children can see you. That my husband can see you. Those at work can see you. Those around me can see you, Lord, that they won't see me. That my life is so surrendered through your will that you can manifest yourself through me. Grant it, oh Lord, I pray tonight. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Oh, do you love your friends? Can we just lift our hands to him tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, I see it, Lord, but I want to see it more. I understand it, Lord, but I won't understand it more. Open the eyes of my heart, dear God. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. I want to see you, God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I need more of you, Lord. I need more of you in my life. More revelation, more understanding, more surrender, Lord. More of you, less of me. Granted, oh God, tonight I pray in Jesus name. Lord Jesus, the hour has come. The season of recognition. It's a set time, Lord. Noah couldn't enter the ark until it was time. But when it was time, nobody could keep him out, Lord. The hour is upon us, dear God. It is time. Oh, Father, let us surrender to you. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. More love, more power, more of you in my [Music] life. More love, more power, more of you in my life. And I will worship you with all of my heart. And I will worship you with all of my mind. And I will worship you with all of my spirit. You are my Lord. [Music] More love, more power, more of you in my life. More love, more of you in my life. And I will worship you with all of my heart. And I will worship you with all of my mind. And I will worship you with all of my strength. For you are my [Music] Lord. More love, more power, more of you in my life. Credit Lord, more love, more power, more of you in my life. And I will worship you with all of my heart. And I will worship you with all of my mind. And I will worship you with all of my strength. You are my [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, I give myself to you tonight. I surrender myself to you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, I need more of you in my life. Lord, more mercy, more grace, more love, more understanding, more revelation, more power, more surrendered life. I need more of you, Lord. Till there's no room left in me. I want to sit at your feet. I want to drink from the cup that's in your hand. I want to lay my head against your chest. I want to feel your heartbeat, Lord. Oh, is that your desire tonight, friends? Yes. Don't you see how much he loved you this week? As our mind is on the crucifixion and the resurrection of our Lord, don't you see how much he loved you? If he loved you enough to save you, then he loves you enough to heal you. He loves you enough to keep you. He loves you enough to forgive you. He loves you enough to restore you. Amen. He loves you enough to live in you. He loves you. There is no He loves me not on this daisy. He He loves me. He loves me. He loves me. Aren't you glad tonight? Are you grateful tonight? Thank you. Do you see your hour? Do you recognize your season? Do you see who you are in the word? You say, "Oh, brother Dad, I want to see it more." I do, too, friends. But oh, God, we can ask the one who's able to make it real to our lives tonight. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Sing for what's on your heart, buddy. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hand. Lord, I want to see your de in me. Give myself [Music] away. I give myself away. [Music] You can use me. I give myself [Music] away. I gave myself [Music] so you [Music] [Music] What you say tonight? Give myself [Applause] away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use my life. [Music] Oh [Music] [Applause] my go [Laughter] myself. I give myself [Music] away. Heat. Heat. [Laughter] [Music] Heat. I give myself away so you can [Music] use my life is not my I give myself to you. I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] I give myself away so you can use myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away. So we always Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh Lord Jesus, we give ourselves to you tonight, Lord, for you gave all yourself to us. Oh God, we thank you, Lord. Lord, I've been running a long time, Lord. I'm not as young as I used to be. It takes longer to recover. Can't think of it as fast as I used to. Can't deliver it as fast as I used to. Oh Lord, whatever I am tonight, Lord, I give it to you, Lord Jesus. I give myself to you, Lord, that you could express yourself through me. That your desire, that great mystery that you've placed in my heart could be expressed, Lord, through this life, dear God. And I pray tonight, Lord, for my brothers and my sisters here, Lord. I pray dear God that it could somehow Lord understand what it was I was trying to bring dear God in my own feeble inability way Lord Jesus I I see Lord it just try to travail it convey it some way Lord that they could understand Father it be more clear be more plainer of the hour that we're living in Lord Jesus and who we are for we're not going to be we are now sons and daughters of God we always were sons and daughters daughters of God, it is the hour of our manifestation. And Lord, tonight, Father, as we close in prayer, we bring our brothers and sisters that's afflicted, Lord, those suffering, dear God, with Bell's palsy, Lord. Those suffering with the urinary tract infections, Lord, and blood clots, our precious brother Carter there in the hospital, Lord, may you move for our brother tonight, oh God. and that sister Mallister, Lord, down there in Mississippi, Lord, that reached out to us that had a terrible fall. Lord, I pray, oh God, may every bone come back into its place, dear God, and may there be no little effects, Lord Jesus. Our brothers and our sisters that are battling this demon of cancer, oh God, may our faith rise to drive that thing from their bodies, Lord, that they could be free. For whom the Son hath made free is free indeed. Thank you, Lord. Others, Lord, suffering with oppression and depression, Lord, in the the the the the the stress of this hour, I pray, oh God, may they find that peace that surpasses all understanding, Lord God. And may they rest, dear God, not in their ability, but in your ability to keep us in this hour, Lord. Father, be with our brothers who are traveling this week, Lord. Our young people down at the youth camp and all the youth that's gathered there. God, may you move in a great way. And Lord, may every one of them receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Lord, Father, your little bride gathering around the world this Easter Sunday, may we come with that resurrection. What an Easter that was. But what an Easter this is, Lord. That the resurrected Christ now living in the hearts of his people, manifesting himself through our lives that the world would know you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. God, go with your children tonight. Lord, I pray. Father, thank you for the opportunity to speak before your people as we commit these things into your hands for your glory in Jesus name. God bless you saints. Do you love him tonight? Isn't it good to be a Christian? Ain't it good that we can look at these things and rejoice in these things and know that this is not some man's ideal, but it's absolutely thus saith the Lord. Oh, what a blessed people we are tonight. Amen. You may not have $10 in your pocket, but you're the one of the richest people in East Tennessee because these mysteries have been made known to you. And you see your day and you see your hour and you see yourself and you know who you are and you know where you come from and you know where you're going and you know who your daddy is. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, I love genealogy. I sometimes after I preach, I go to a hotel room. I just look at it, try to unwind a little bit. You know, you you do your DNA, you get 50% of your DNA comes from your mama. I know you know that. And 50% of it comes from your daddy. And that's why some people say you look just like your mom. And people say, "No, you look just like your daddy." Because you got their genetics in you. So you're part of your mama and you're part of your daddy naturally. But I was reading what the prophet of God said that we drink from the breast of El Shadi. So he said God is our mother. And then I read what the prophet of God said we was born by the breath of God. He said God is our father. Oh my. So my spiritual DNA, I get 50% from my mother and 50% from my daddy. Then that makes my spiritual genetics, my spiritual DNA, as brother Tracy say, it's just God, honey. It's just God. Aren't you glad tonight? Aren't you glad tonight? Sing it, brother Harry. Spirit of the bride say come. Spirit of the bride say come. Let's sing it as we're dismissed. Amen. Just remember the services this weekend. Come believe in the Lord's just going to move forward a very remember us as we travel and sure love and appreciate you. Thank you for listening to me. I trust him if something said that help you. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Spirit and the bride are saying come to [Applause] be Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Sh. Gratitude. She's been washed in the blood of God's own we just Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Once [Applause] [Applause] again, Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] He's clearing from [Applause] inside. God bless you. You just miss the fear of the Lord tonight. Just go believe it and remind the devil. When he tries to remind him of your past, you just remind him of his future. Amen. He's a defeated enemy. He's a defeated being. He is under your feet. Amen. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. Amen. It's the truth. We are the overcomer in this hour. Oh, blessed be his name. Sing it again, Brother Harry. You're dismissing the fear of the Lord tonight. Just go believing. God bless you, saints. Appreciate each of you coming out tonight. Amen. Evening light has come. The bride is making preparation. She's hearing the shout of her [Music] king. He's cleaning from inside the dark once again. [Music] has [Music] come. She's [Music] here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music]
