################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Bibleway Academy Online Awards Ceremony - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Bibleway Academy Online Awards Ceremony
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDKGdWCUvEk
========================================

[Music] I don't have any other [Laughter] First, that microphone is God bless you. Don't run. Sure. Are they good? Good evening and welcome to the first ever BAO awards and graduation ceremony live. Amen. I'm just excited to be here and I want to thank everybody for for coming, taking the long some of them long journeys and I'm just going to take my give myself I wish we could sing a song or something like that to kind of get my my own nerves down a little bit but uh I just want to greet everybody and welcome you here. I know many have come from some long distances. We have many different ones that have pastors, ministers that have even are coming and then heading back to to preach on Sunday. And I I'm personally just so humbled that you'd make the effort and to to come these this long way and take even your time, your funds to to be part of this. And it's it's super I'm just so I'm so thrilled. It's very special. And uh it's to me a little bit of an incredible moment to be standing in this way. I I definitely did not anticipate this 5 years ago to have to be uh in this position but uh you know it's a very very special thing to have a school that's wordfounded message believing and uh that's available to the to the bride around the world and I I'm just happy to be a small part of that and I I I didn't want to even go too far before I just said to Brother Donnie and the congregation. Uh we just want to thank you from the depths of our hearts for giving us the ability to have this this moment here. We just wouldn't have been able to do it without without that. All the believers that have helped even prepare and I I I couldn't name the different ones and brother Scott, Sister Carrie, Brother Mike, Sister Sarah, Sister Kaylor, and so many that that I haven't been able to personally meet yet, but it just means so much to us. And from the depths of our heart, thank you. My my mind goes back to the earliest. But I'm just going to give you a little bit of history and and for some of you who don't even maybe even know who I am, I'm brother Michael Ray. I I hail from North Country up in Vancouver area. But uh back in 2012, Brother Biscll uh mentioned the desire to have a distance school for believers and we of course had a brickandmortar school, Bible Academy. and he just saw the need to maybe extend that to others that wouldn't have the ability to maybe have a school that we had there and he desired to to make something available in that way. And I I think of the scripture where the scripture says in Proverbs, where there's no vision, the people perish. And brother Bis had a had a had a vision and it was desiring and and to to present this some way. And it it uh it was a journey and the journey began and it took a lot of just we adjusted and altered and tested different things. And Ecclesiastes says to everything there's a time and a season. And so we carry the we had maybe the the vision but maybe it wasn't the right time or the right season. But I also love the scripture that says for the vision is yet for an appointed time but at the end it shall speak and not lie. And though it tar wait for it because it will surely come it will not tear. And that's why for me I feel like it's such an incredible moment is because we're actually standing in the manifestation of a of the vision. And uh and that's to me just so precious because seven years later to the very month uh Sister Jenny, myself and brother Barry and Sister Becky met I believe in November of of uh 2019. And uh Sister Becky and brother Barry have also had a real burden and desire for for a school like this. And we met in their house in in uh in West in Virginia. In Virginia better get that right. Yeah. We wouldn't want to mistake some of those details. And uh even in the midst of it, you know, for something to come to manifestation, you sometimes have to go through some difficulty. And we we had to let Miss Leonard go or she had to go and see her help her family and her grandparents and she left the BCA. But I've said it multiple times, without Miss Leonard doing that, we wouldn't be standing here today. We wouldn't even be having this because Miss Leonard is is the heart and soul of this school. And Yeah, but there's a so God had an appointed time for this to come to to manifestation and there from that November 19 2019 meeting something blossomed and a school was born and it was built on a burden to protect and preserve the principles of this message and to offer an atmosphere where the students could be taught not just academics but truth by god-fearing Holy Ghostfilled teachers and it was never just for one just a little region here there was just a desire to be for the whole world and and I can truly say that's what it is because we have ones from all over and even teachers from South Africa and so it's a special a special thing the Lord has allowed us to have and so this isn't just an awards or graduation or anything ordinary it's a great milestone and it's the first time many of us has even have have even met face to face interesting after uh you know virtual classrooms and screens and all of that and you can finally go oh there's the 3D version of you well you look so different all I ever saw was 2D but Uh it it's special to be able to see each one, make the connections and and just uh you know embrace each other, the different ones after they've never you know first time seeing each other and it's I'm just so grateful to be part of that. And so to our parents that are here and the family and supporters, you know, you're unseen heroes. Uh you've prayed and you've trusted and stood by the the vision. And I thought of those that were I know there's some and maybe some remarks will be made that have been here from the very beginning and some you know willing to take really that step into the unknown because it was a lot unknown. We didn't really know what we were about to uh adventure on but your faith made it possible for this to to manifest. And to our teachers, I I wanted just to say as we start out, and I know not everyone is here, and so hopefully they hear me, and each one that's here on the stage, your sacrifice has not gone unnoticed. Sister Becky, you've been a real anchor throughout the whole five years we've been here and before in the planning and different ones, Sister Abigail, Sister Kaylor, Sister Carol, each one of you have, you know, been supporters right from the beginnings. And we just so thankful for what you put into the school, allowing us to be here this way. Thank you from my heart. Appreciate you. What I was thinking is that you're able to see the through the imperfections of all our little uh hurdles and mistakes and all of that. And and I just I'm so thankful that you're able to contribute to this great tapestry. And I want to I do want to say some special words, Miss Leonard, as we start this evening. I was trying to put some words together and I thought, well, is there anything adequate that I could say? And then I just really kind of went dot dot dot. I said, "No, there's not really adequate words and uh but you've poured more into this school than probably all of us indeed. And uh tireless devotion and burden." And I was thinking of all the the children and young people. It's really like their own they're your own. You've nurtured them. You've encouraged them. You've guided and corrected and even championed them. And through you, Christ, I thought Christ has actually been expressed through you to all these young people here. And that's something so so precious. And they'll take what you've expressed to them really. Christ lived out before them. And thank you so much. So as we start this wonderful evening and I pray you all enjoy it to the to the maximum. I want to just express my most deepest gratitude to our gratitude to my Lord Jesus because it's really without him none of this would have ever transpired. And so I want to give all praise and thanksgiving to him for the wisdom and understanding that he's given us for our courage and perseverance really to press through maybe some difficult moments and times. But every bit of good that we have have seen through these last five years is all because of him. And so we just give him all the praise tonight as we celebrate five years of growth. and if he would give us more years. Uh we pray if time would go forward, we'd maybe reach a 10-y year anniversary, but let's not forget the one who authored it all. And so this evening, I I just bask in really what God has done and allowed us to to be part of and I thank you for coming and may you enjoy well experience it was kind of the term live here BCA's fifth awards ceremony and graduation. God bless you. Why don't we stand and we'll have a word of prayer as we open the evening. Heavenly Father, I am just so thankful to be part of the family of God. Lord, that we can have this opportunity not just to have a an evening of a ceremony of such, but Lord, if we can realize we've had a very rare moment that we can connect with your people, your bride from different nations and from around the country and around the world. And Lord, get a little taste of what it might just be when we cross over into eternity. and we'll sit at a table, Lord, and there'll be faces that we've never seen before. But there's something inside of our soul that unites us, Lord, because it's your life. It's your word, and that's what is the bond of this little school that you've given us. So tonight, Lord, I give you all the thanksgiving and the praise. and pray Lord Jesus that you would come and be so present tonight as we Lord honor students and their Lord what they've done the labors through the year and the graduates Lord as they've now come to this milestone moment in their life as they transition Lord Lord we do pray that you would just blanket us Lord with your presence and we dedicate the evening and commit every aspect to you and your care in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. All right. God bless you. Here's Miss Leonard. Welcome everyone. This is definitely an exciting, very monumentous occasion and I'm so thrilled to have you all in one place. Um, I saw the kids up here singing last night and I just thought it kind of overwhelmed me and I thought, "Don't start crying." And then I looked at brother Aaron and his eyes were all welled up and I was like, Aaron, don't start. It was too late. Um, but just to see all of you in the same place together getting to fellowship with each other. It's wonderful. So, I'm so glad that you were all able to come. I know a lot of families made sacrifices to be here and uh we appreciate you. We thank you for coming. I also know we're connected on Zoom to a lot of your classmates who couldn't be here. So to those of you on Zoom, um, welcome. And, uh, I hope you get a little piece of the enjoyment that we've had this weekend. And I want to also say thank you, if I haven't already, to Brother Michael for all the kind words. And um, we want to start by making sure every single student gets up on the stage this evening. And so we're going to hand out report cards first. Now, I would recommend students, don't open your report cards until you leave. Your evening may or your weekend may be more enjoyable if you leave that seal closed. So, let's not open them and strew report cards and leave them lying on the chairs and things. Just leave the folder closed. But when I call your name, um, I'd like for you to come up to the stage. You're going to receive your, uh, report card from Mrs. coffee and then we're going to have all of you line up here. Mrs. Carol will tell you where to stand and um we're going to take a group photo. Okay? So, when I call your name, come up and get your report card, but don't leave. Stay here so we can take your picture. These are all the students who are here this weekend. So, when you hear your name called, come on up. Alicia Arazola, Mary Arazola, Rachel Arazola, Josiah Ber, Samuel Buer, Zack Browning, Hudson Drake, Matthew Fiser, Abigail Garvin, Levi Holmes, Jeremiah Lions, Esther Milan, Sarah Morton, Ethan Peele, Bethany Sanger. I have to stop on this student. And if you come to BAOO devotions, you'll know why. Autumn Slacka, today is National Mushroom Hunting Day. I think Autumn comes to devotions just to hear the holiday [Laughter] sometimes. Continuing on, Bell Slacka, Christian Slacka, Elelliana Selacta, Justice Selacta. We have a lot of selectas. They are not all from one family. Gracie Vest, Isaac Walbert, Abby Wilson, and Cara Yesi. And it looks like I have created quite the traffic jam here in the front. Uh so while they're getting this group together, I do have a couple of housekeeping items that I can share with you this evening. Um, and that is if you have not paid for dinner, the anything from the BAO merch table or the activities today. Um, you can take care of that this evening. If you have your if you have cash for dinner, you can actually give that to Mrs. Willis. um and try to take care of that before we leave today because I know some people are leaving town and different things. Uh the other thing I wanted to mention is I have next year's registration gifts. So if you are already registered for next year, I would give you a round of applause and say kudos to you. Thank you so much. I have your registration gifts here to give to you. Um come and see me for those. I know a lot of you have said to me, "Oh, I haven't registered yet." If you're planning on registering as soon as you go home, I can go ahead and give you that registration gift to take with you. So, I would love to send those home with you, especially if you're not in the US. Um, just because, well, maybe it's just me. Brother Michael never pushes too hard, but we're on a budget, so we we're going to try to save on postage and send those with you today. So, well, this is uh shaping up to look like a great group. Matt Fisher, he left. I forgot. Pardon? Oh, maybe we should. Yeah. Can I hand you this? Let's give these guys, yes, a round of applause. And you guys can all head off that way and go back to your [Applause] seats. They are the reason that we're here. So, we give them the biggest applause of all this evening. I wanted to uh start our award giving with um our annual Bible trivia tournament. So this year the theme was the book of Esther and we had three levels that included uh students of all ages at the school. Some of them were easy questions like uh what was Morai's relationship to Esther? But there were hard ones like who is King Xerxes father which I didn't know the answer to until I researched it myself. Um, but the kids made a great showing and there were several winners and I have them on my slide here. For level one, um, we had in first place, Joseph Lacawani. Um, second place was Bethany. They're not here today, but Aaliyah is here. So, Aaliyah, you come on up. We only have two of the students here, so I'm kind of going to fly through these a little bit quickly. Uh, and Mrs. uh, Mrs. Coffee will give you your award and you can get your picture. And level two, Sabrina Lacuani was our first place winner. Eliza Coffee was second place and Bethany Martin was third place. Now, you may notice some of these kids keep cropping up, uh, which was pretty amazing. They studied. Come on up, Aaliyah. you can come on. Uh the that one. Yeah. And the the ribbon that's uh third. For level three, we had Brianna Wanie first place. One of our graduates, Joy Walbert, was second place. So Joy, come on up. And in third place, Bethany. Now, I have to point out the first place winners for each category are all from the same family. And so when I texted their mother, I was like, "They didn't get help, did they?" She said, "Praise God. We've been studying." So, they they represented well. Uh, and you may have noticed Bethany, uh, I figure they're on the Zoom this evening. She placed in every single category. So, she's a fifth grader. Miss McNelte, sixth grader. And so, she placed in every category, beating out some of our 11th and 12th graders. So, let's give those girls a hand. Congratulations, girls. Okay, we'll continue on with our attendance awards. Um, Mrs. Coffee will be presenting those as well, and we'll just do a group photo on those instead of and not individuals. I'm going to announce the students whether they're here or not. But if you are here and you hear your name, come on up. For attendance, um, we'll start with faithful attendance. Faithful attendance is awarded to students who have over 95% attendance. So it it's an it's a top-notch group over 90% attendance. Uh when we calculate this, we also count tardies. Three tardies is an absence. And um we we try to encourage everybody to of course, you know, be in attendance at the live session since we only get to see you once a week and we feel like it's really important for them to be there and get the content and I know that it's a family effort. So, thank you to the entire family for making it a priority. We appreciate you. Again, when you hear your name, go ahead and come up. If the student's not here, you'll see their picture here. For faithful attendance, we have Ariana, Elellaner, Elias, Zach, Luke, Abigail, Nathan, Sabrina, Bethany, No, Emmy, Joseph, and Elliot. Sarah Morton, Ethan Peele, Belle Slacka, Christian Slacka, Brianna Wanie, and Cara Yesi. So, if you got faithful attendance, come on up and get your award and get a group photo. Let's give those kids a round of applause. our next category, thank you all, is perfect attendance. Now, um, perfect attendance is a much smaller group because for perfect attendance, that means they have no recorded absences or tardies for the entire duration of the school year. Now, it's a very small percentage and difficult to earn. And it becomes more difficult the more classes that you take. So, a full-time student that's taking four or five or six classes, it's actually really impressive to not be late or miss one class the entire year. So, um again, we appreciate the families, the commitment that you make to be there and uh to make it a priority. So, thank you so much. For perfect attendance, we'll start with Elena Ber, Algra Coleman, Henley Coleman, Abigail Garvin, Autumn Slacka, Autumn. I also want you to know today is National Cherry Cobbler Day. and Analise Lamb as well as Justice Slacka, Isaac Walbert, Joey Walbert, and Abby Wilson. Let's give those children a round of applause. [Applause] Now, if you're on the Zoom call, you will be getting your certificate in the mail with your report card as soon as Miss Leonard gets home and untangles things. Uh, I'll be sending certificates and uh, report cards to those who couldn't attend this weekend. For those who could attend, we've got some special prizes to go along with their certificates, like the attendance ribbons. So, enjoy. Thank you, ladies. All right, our next award is the diligence award. And for the diligence award is awarded to one student in each grade that has demonstrated outstanding hard work and perseverance. Now, I love this award because I was never the top of my class, but I worked so hard. And sometimes at school, because it's an academic place to be, uh, you get a lot of awards for grades and different things, but sometimes we leave some of those, you know, other ones out. So, this award is not dependent on academics. It's just hard work and the effort that they put in. Um, and for these awards, because we're here, we have all of our teachers here. We're going to give them a chance to come up and tell just a little bit about the student that they're giving it to in each grade, and they will be presenting that student with the award. Now, again, if the student's not here, you'll see their uh picture on the projector. Um, if you if you do hear your name and you are here, please come up and get your uh your medal and your trophy and see what your teacher has to say about you. All right, so I'm going to go ahead and hand this over to Miss McNelte. Uh, Miss McNelte teaches fifth grade, so we're going to start with fifth and then we're going to go right up through the seniors. Miss McNelte, hello. The diligence award for fifth grade was not just based off of grades, but also your effort, your availability of coming to office hour if you had questions, your open communication if you couldn't make it to office hour and scheduled ones. So this year, our diligence award for fifth grade goes to Elelliana [Music] Slacka. Congratulations. You can put that on the picture. For sixth grade, I also used the same metric. I didn't just go based off of grades, even though they typically have good grades. For sixth grade, I also went based off of communication of if you came to office hour, also class participation, if you were, you know, talking, if you were showing your effort, asking questions. This year goes to Bethany [Music] Martin. I'm back for seventh grade. I teach all the seventh graders. Um, this year I I had a a relatively small seventh grade class, but there was definitely one student who Shawn in the diligence area. Um, always had her work turned in, always on time. She was always in class, super eager to be there, participated actively, and I really appreciated what she brought to our live class. And in seventh grade, that is Miss Elena Ber. [Applause] Hi. So, I will be presenting the eighth grade award for diligence. Uh, this student, I had her for eighth grade social studies. And just talking with all the teachers, she's amazing all the way around. And that student is No Martin. [Applause] surprise. I'm also here for ninth grade. Uh, ninth grade will be Cara Yesi. Her teachers love her and love how willing she is to work hard and always have a good positive attitude. So, thank you, Cara. Are we supposed to take a picture? Okay. As a high school teacher, um I teach a number of students, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th. Um so this was this particular student was nominated by more than just myself. Uh this young man is steadfast. He's dependable. He's punctual to class. And I'm saying from my perspective, and I'm sure they all agree, he is reliable to turn in assignments promptly. And I might add from my perspective for the Spanish one class, I always look forward to his enthusiastic responses in his recordings. I could depend on his enthusiasm. Zachary Browning, please come forward. [Applause] So I teach high school um US history, American government and uh also world geography and then I also teach music for middle school. So I am going to present the 11th grade award for diligence and this goes to um Angel Collier. She is not here today but she uh is earning this award because she was very very careful in all of her work. She was very thorough. um she had some issues during the year with that she had to work to catch up and and she did a wonderful job and um I felt like she deserved this award and the teachers um agreed and so the 11th grade diligence award goes to Angel Collier. And for our 12th grade award, we had a young lady who was so perseverant throughout the year. And she diligence is the word that I would use to describe her because throughout the year she just was very steady, very careful. Um she did some traveling and was always very careful to check to make sure she had her assignments ready before she left. and she just worked very hard and very steadily and very diligently to um stay on top of her grades all year. And she is a senior and she's here this year and her name is Mary Arazola. Congratulations, Mary. Thank you. Now, if you won those medals, you should put them on and display them proudly. Absolutely. Our next award is for academic excellence. And again, we're gonna have the teachers come up and just say a short something about the student. where the last award that we gave was for hard work and determination. The academic excellence award is for the student who scored the highest GPA in the class all year. So there was no deliberating or thinking about it. It was just the one with the highest grades, the highest grade point average. And again, I'm going to um ask that if the student is here, we have two of them. Go ahead and come up, get your award and picture taken. and um if not we'll put their pictures on the screen and we'll start with fifth grade again with Miss McNelte. This also didn't take much thinking for this one. I did have a little bit of debating. Our award this year was not for someone who was with us the entire school year, but based off all of their opportunity to have the highest grade, Nathan had the highest grade in fifth grade. So congratulations, Nathan. And for sixth grade, I think this is a great example of where your diligence does pay off. When you work really hard, even if it takes that extra time, that extra office hour, you do see the improvement in your grades. So, our sixth grade academic excellence award goes to Miss Bethany Martin back for seventh grade. And like Miss McNelte says, that diligence does pay off because our seventh grade academic excellence winner is Miss Elena Ber. So congratulations to Elena. I also teach eth grade English. And after averaging out all of the grades for the eighth graders, it turns out that the academic excellence winner for eighth grade is Mr. Samuel Laroo. Congratulations to Samuel. [Applause] I'm here for ninth grade world history. Uh, this student was always really well written, I guess you could say. I know that sounds kind of weird to say, but she had the most thoughtful written responses, always able to engage in discussion, which is something that's very helpful in history or teaching online in general. I always tell people it's really hard to talk to a computer screen for an hour straight when the kids just stare at you. So, the student for this is Sabrina [Applause] Lakawani. I represent the students for 10th grade. It is my honor um to um say that I have taught this student this year. Uh I've followed him through the years. I've noticed I was like, "Oh, I can't wait for him to be my student." He is certainly worthy of this award. Um, he exceeds the teacher's expectations with his assignments. He answers questions thoroughly and thoughtfully. He goes beyond and beyond the call of duty. And, um, I might add to that he is, um, well, I'm going to hold that thought. Elijah Lomas [Applause] Okay, I apologize. I am running on fumes here, so bear with me. Okay, those who know the next young man is very worthy of this award as well. This is the 11th grade student. He comes from a fine family. Um, I can speak from personal experience that whenever we would turn on the Zoom, when I would turn on the Zoom, he was waiting in the wings. He was the first one there. Or maybe Isaac and Joy. They they tied. Um he's attentive in class. Um listen carefully, ask questions. U turned in work faithfully. Um again, he is worthy of the academic excellence award. And that is Josiah Ber. [Applause] [Music] See, he's even helping out here, too. Congratulations, Josiah. So, I'm representing 12th grade and I did have an extra class that was not history added onto my class load this year and I really really enjoyed it. It was college level writing and um so this I had this student in that class this year and um I think she is very much deserving of this excellence award. Um, I think this one could have been pretty close as well between a couple of students. Um, but I would like to present the academic excellence award for 12th grade to Esther [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Milan. I'm sorry, Abigail. Congratulations to all of the academic award winners. Next, we have our subject awards. And our subject awards are given to students that show unusual ability or performance in a particular subject. We don't give it in every subject every year. um they're awarded for exceptional students in a particular discipline and only again like I said when applicable. Uh these are going to be presented by the teachers and I would like to get an individual photo with the with the teacher as you give the awards. So we're going to start off with an English award and that is being given by Mrs. Coffee. So these are very special awards. Um as Miss Leonard said, we don't give these out in every subject and we don't give them out every year. Um but this year I felt that uh we had one student who excelled in writing. And I wish I could show you everything that all of the students wrote this year, especially their research papers. They were amazing. Um and their argumentation essays, they're very good at proving their point. So, um, that was that was a lot of fun to teach. But there was one student who who wrote consistently. I hardly had to correct any grammar or spelling or punctuation at all in any of the writing the entire year. And so, I really felt like that this student deserved um the award for English. And that is Miss Esther Mullen. Good. Next we will have the math award. Now this award was given by Miss Donald who is in South Africa and she wanted to be here so badly but um just it wasn't able to become a reality for her this time but we have asked Miss McNelte to give that award for uh Miss Donald. I have not had the pleasure of having this winner, the student in my class. But Miss Donald did say she is excellent at understanding the math points that she has. She's able to show her work really well. She doesn't just give the answer and expect that that's correct. She's able to prove her point. She's able to show how she got there and ask those deep questions when it comes to those math concepts. So, it is my pleasure to announce that our award winner for the math subject award is Sabrina Lakuwani. So, congratulations, Sabrina, on being recognized for math. Next, we have Mrs. Coffee coming back to give a social studies award. This award is another one that I wish you could see projects that we did this year. We had a lot of fun in history. I try my best to make history fun and interesting and not a boring, dry subject as it was when I was in school. But I love history and so I like to make it as hands-on as we can in an online classroom. So we do some projects throughout the year. Uh we collaborate with projects throughout the year, but some of the students like to make little movie clips. Um and those are always so much fun to watch. So we had one student this year who made history fun to teach. and any any subject that I gave, whether it was the American Revolution, the Civil War, World War I, World War II, it didn't matter. When we had a project, it was just so well done and I even would take it and share it with my husband because I really enjoyed watching the little movie clips and all of the information that this student would come up with about the subject. So, I would love to present uh the social studies award to Mr. Zach Browning. [Applause] congratulations, Zach. We have one more subject award, which is the Spanish award. So, I'll give that to Mrs. Carol. Gracias. Okay. Um, I'm a little sad. Quite a bit sad because my student is not here. He lives far far away, but hopefully in two years maybe. You're under pressure now. He's a sophomore. Um, I've already mentioned his name. He's he's wonderful. He's um, again, his um, assignments were lovely. I enjoyed reading everything he had to say. And unlike some other students who might wanted to get by with just a little bit, um, he would write paragraphs, uh, answering questions and many times would try his best to write everything in Spanish. And I especially enjoyed his videos. Now, they were not required to have videos, but uh, what they had two recordings a week, okay? One recording was to read um, from the Bible. I had a passage of scripture for the first semester, Psalms 23. Um there were some lovely lovely uh speaking voices. I I've already mentioned Zachary. I just loved his enthusiasm. Jesus, you know, just so positive, so buoyant. Um but this young man was equally exuberant to the point that he created charades, videos of himself. Uh not so much with the scripture, but with some but with words, pronouncing words. Um he just would role play whatever it was. sometimes get out his guitar, just act it out. So, those were entertaining, but yet I also know that took a lot of time and creativity on his part. He wasn't just brushing the assignment off. Uh, so I really appreciated that enthusiasm uh on his part and just the strive for excellence. Um, so I think you may now know I'm talking about Elijah again. So, Elijah, congratulations. We wish you were here. God willing time should two years. [Applause] I've already had students asking me, "Miss Leonard, when are we going to do this again?" I had one family that said, "We can't make it this year. We'll come next year." And I said, "You may be alone." Our next award or our next awards are academic awards, honor, role, and accommodation list. Um, now for this I'm going to hand it over to brother Michael and he is going to tell you a little bit about the the award and read the names and I will be um giving the students their um their certificates and we will get a group photo with them. Okay, Michael. He's here. All right. The honor roll list. As a school, academics are of course very important. The teachers would concur. And the next awards are given to students who have earned them based on grades alone using a grade point average. The honor role is earned by students who are full-time at BAO and a grade point average of above 3.75 and above. So these students represent a small and elite percent of our student body. They are the highest academic achievers and the winner should come forward to get their award and get a photo. So if the student is not here, please uh you will have their picture on the screen. But if you are here, please come on up and Miss Leonard is going to present your award. So we have Mary Aquasola. You are Aquasola. Josiah Boore, Elena Ber, Harlon Harris, Luke Helms, Sabrina Lacuani, Elijah Lass, Esther Malan, Bethany Martin, Sarah Morton, Ethan Peele, Gracie Vest. That is our well, as they wrote here, the small and elite percent of high achievers. Congratulations. [Applause] [Applause] All right, we're going to go with the commenation list. And if you can, would you please come up from this stairs and come this way? and in order that your name has been called. We have actually quite a uh a lengthy list here which is extremely uh wonderful because that means we have a lot of high achievers and uh diligent students here in the school. So the commenation list is earned by students who are full-time at BAO and with a GPA of 3.0 to 3.75 or students taking less than four courses and have a GPA of above 3.0. So these students are also very high achievers and deserve recognition. And like I said, I got a lengthy list here. So that's uh I'm so proud of you. So I'm going to I'm going to read your name. Please come up from this side and in the order I call you. Elias Banfield, Samuel Ber, Zachary Browning, Eliza Coffee, Will Coffee, Algra Coleman, Henley Coleman, Angel Collier, Elen, Eleanor Crook, Hudson Drake, Abigail Garvin, Brianna Holddron, Silus Holddron, Micah Horst, I'm pretty much just naming off the whole school here. Analisa Lamb, Coral Lamb, Nathan Laroo, Samuel Laroo, Jeremiah Le Lions, Noam Martin, Elliot McGiri, Bethany Sanger, Autumn Slacka, and I'm told it is National Hamburger Month. Yes, it is. It's National Hamburger Month, just in case you're wondering. Elelliana Slacka and Christian Slacka, congratulations. Come on up and we'll get a nice group picture. Yes, it is the whole school. Isabelle Slacka, Justice Slacka, Isaac Walbert, Joy Walbert, Brianna Wanie, Abigail Wilson, and Miles Weathers. Congratulations. [Laughter] Thank you. You need like a little arrow. Oh, congratulations. Thank you. Picture I'm sure you'll forgive us for all the photos, but we have to document this occasion, okay? So, bear with us. Alrighty. Can I Do you like the power of that clicker? Okay, we have some special recognitions that I'd like to give out today. Um, and uh, I'm going to just say his name first because I want to he's a long way away. Josiah, start moving this direction. Um, I I want to call Josiah up since we're here all together. And I want to take the opportunity to just acknowledge Josiah and his faithfulness and his willingness to use his God-given gifts. Uh Josiah has been our devotional musician for the past few years and um he comes to every devotions and he plays the piano, he leads songs, he puts the words up on the computer and I know that doesn't just happen. I know it takes effort and it takes commitment and he's so consistent. It's all the time and um it's I think those qualities of you come on over. I won't bite either. Uh I think those qualities of commitment and um just giving effort it's it's it's rare today. And so I just wanted to acknowledge uh what Josiah has done and and say Josiah that we appreciate you so much. And I don't think the students know how much they should appreciate Josiah because if he wasn't there, they would probably have to listen to me sing. And so uh I I think we should all give Josiah a round of applause and and just say thank you for all you've done, Josiah. Just hold that thought for a [Applause] moment. We've gotten him a special gift to say thank you. And um if you get a chance, ask him to see what it is later because I think you'll like it. God bless you, Josiah. Um we have a couple of other special people here today. And so I feel like in an event like this, it would be I'd be very amused not to take an opportunity to highlight some of the amazing people here that make BAO possible. Um, Brother Michael does a lot of work. I do a lot of work. There's many people who do a lot of work. But we couldn't have classes every day if it wasn't for the people behind me. Mrs. Carol, Mrs. Coffee, Mr. Coffee, Mr. Crook, Miss Donald, Miss Garvin, myself, Miss McNelte, Mrs. Seabor, Mrs. Tushner, and Mrs. Willis were our teachers this year. In addition to our teachers of the of the past, previous teachers like Mrs. Arowwood, Mr. Kaufman, Mr. Girtson, Mrs. Potter, and Mrs. Raber. and they have all dedicated themselves to helping you educate your children in an atmosphere where they can grow in Christ while they receive their education at home. And although I don't have any myself, um I I think that the opportunity that we're able to provide is it's amazing and I'm so pleased that we can do that. Um, these teachers are passionate, committed, qualified, a million other things that I could say, but I just want to say that I'm proud to work with all of them and to work together at Bible Way Academy Online. Now, at the end of the school year, we had several students that wrote little thank you notes or wrote essays. And so, it's not just me that appreciates these people. I want to read you just some snippets of some of the student writing what they've said about their classes and their teachers. This student said, "I want to sincerely thank you for the effort that you've put into all of us. I've grown up so much in this class. I've learned so much about art and my horizons have broadened. You've been a blessing to me through the whole year and your smile and joyful face has always inspired me and made my day every time I see it. Even though you went through loss this year yourself, you held your smile, which was a testament of of unwavering courage and faith. I thank God that he led. I told the graduates I would cry. This seems to be my moment. I'll try to pull it together. I thank God that he brought you into my life. For the short time that I have known you, you have blessed me abundantly. And there are no words that I can fully express my gratitude. But I know I speak for the whole class when I say, "You are an unwavering blessing." And that was to one of our teachers from an eighth grader. And just reading those words is such a blessing for us. But I love reading them when the teacher shared them with me because it's a testament of the effect that the school is having on these kids' lives. This student said, "In my previous school, God was rarely incorporated into my work. or if he was, it was a tradition or some different Bible version. It's so nice to have teachers who are filled with the Holy Ghost and love God. They want to include him in our assignments. I did not know God was mentioned so many times in the Bible, and Mrs. Coffey's scriptures that she included in class have inspired me to write and journal about God more than I ever have. this essay begins, I want to cry right now, but that's probably not an effective opening for an essay. It's it is a kind of sentence you would use when you find yourself standing at the end of a journey that's changed your life forever and perhaps marked the best five years of your life. And that was from one of our graduates. This student says, "I wanted to thank you for being such a great English teacher. Your classes challenged me in the best way and helped me grow not only in writing and reading, but in confidence. I appreciate how you take time to explain things clearly and you encourage me to push beyond my boundaries. I am definitely going to miss your class. One specific thing I enjoyed about Bible way was that it wasn't a random program, but a believer-based homeschool. You don't have to worry about outside influences or biased teachers. It makes you feel comfortable and safe in your environment. Having students that walk beside you on the same path you are, going through the same things you're going through. A comforting thought to have godly teachers to look up to for encouragement and know that you're not alone. This being my senior year and fifth year at Bible Way Academy, it's hard not to look back and realize how far I've come. When I started at BAO, I was just a middle schooler trying to figure things out. And now, as I prepare to close this chapter of my life into what God wants next, I see through every lesson, assignment, and live class that this school has helped shape me in ways I didn't expect. It's taught me more than academics. It's helped me shape my character, my faith, and my voice. I just have two more. Sorry. There comes a point when you have to. Looking back on this school year, I find it filled with memorable moments, creative insights, and important lessons in and out of the classroom. Through it all, I learned to be more confident in myself. Most importantly, this school year has taught me to apply prayer to all the work that I do and has influenced me to apply Christ into my life outside of school as well. And lastly, thank you for being such a patient and dedicated math teacher. Your explanations and constant encouragement have made a big difference in how I approach math, a subject that for me is very overwhelming. You helped me build confidence by showing me that it's not that hard and you were the first teacher to explain things patiently when I didn't understand. When Tuesdays came around, I was excited for math class. And that's what these people do every day. And I am very proud to work with them. Um, all of them. But in particular, I want to take a moment to acknowledge some teachers that have been with us since the very beginning. And as those of you who've been here since the beginning know, it was a bit rocky the first year. We had some growing to do, but they stuck with it. And we could never give them all that they deserve. But I have a little token of our appreciation by way of a gift and a commemorative five-year anniversary pin that we'd like to present them with. Um, one of our five-year teachers is Miss Donald who couldn't be here. So, to Miss Donald, when you watch the recording, we love you. We thank you for your dedication and your service, and we appreciate you. I'm going to ask Mrs. Carol to come up and stand beside me while I talk about her. [Laughter] Mrs. Carol has been at BIO for five years. She's been an English teacher, a Spanish teacher, and she's been my editor extraordinaire. She gets excited about every student and every subject she teaches. If I had one word to describe Mrs. Carol, it would be passionate. You saw that on the volleyball court yesterday. Mrs. Carol reminds me, I don't know if you've seen it, but there's a meme that has kind of a crazy stick figure going all the things. Mrs. Carol is the epitome of that meme. She wants to teach all the things. She wants to make all the things. She wants to serve all the things. Um the the challenge with her is is getting her just reigned back a little bit because she's so enthusiastic, which I love. And so, Mrs. Carol, I want to say thank you for your ideas, your passion, and for the love that you put into everything you do. And we have a student that's going to come and present you with a gift. And we'd like to get a a picture of you there in the middle of the stage if you want to step over. [Applause] I don't know where our our picture people are, but did we did we get one? Brother Joe, do you mind to take this one real quick so we can Mrs. Coffee? I'm going to call you up next. Uh, Mrs. Coffee has taught at BAO for 5 years, but she also brings an experience and a wisdom that's far beyond just teaching. Since Mr. Andrew Coffee, who's also a teacher, was in kindergarten, Mrs. Coffee has been teaching. Um, what you may not know or you may have gotten a hint of from Brother Michael is that uh much of what BAO is today was hatched in her living room. We sat around for a weekend and we brainstormed, tossed around ideas and went back and forth until we finally had a plan. Um, it's something that Mrs. Coffee had dreamed of for years and like brother Michael said, the timing kind of happened right and and everything came together. Mrs. Coffee brings enthusiasm to her social studies and English classrooms and I've noticed that Mrs. Coffee just has such a strong desire for all of her students to succeed. uh I appreciate what she brings to the school as part of the administrative team and the wisdom that she brings there. And so, Mrs. Coffee, I want to thank you for your input, your support, and your dedication to everything you do. God bless you. [Applause] quickly. Next, I'm going to ask Miss McNelte to come up. Miss McNelte came to us five years ago as a new college graduate. She came with energy and a heart for her students that was unrivaled. Uh she's also one of the best brainstorming partners that I could ever wish for. I appreciate that. Um her helpful nature has extended to the classroom where uh she's taught just one student in a class to help them get ahead. Um right now she's teaching more classes than any of the other teachers. She teaches the most. She's the closest to a full-time teacher that we have. Uh she's teaching fifth grade, sixth grade, speech, intro to business, and a couple of others. We appreciate Miss McNeltey's drive and the care that she puts into every one of her students. Thank you, Miss McNelte. God bless [Applause] you. Next, we have Mrs. Willis. Come on up, Mrs. Willis. Mrs. Mrs. Willis has also been with us for 5 years and has been an absolute joy to work with. Uh she first came on board as a teacher who had left education when she had her little ones, but she told me that she would often dream of teaching at night because she missed it. And so when I called her and she told me that, I was like, "That's the one we want. We want that one." um BAOO. I mean, it's a perfect situation to allow her to to teach a couple classes and then also stay at home and be a mommy. And Mrs. Willis does a wonderful job. In the dictionary beside flexible, there is a picture of this woman. Uh she's the one that I call in case of an emergency when I need to fill in. And she never questions. Her answer is always sure. Whatever you need, she's there. She's willingness itself. Mrs. Willis teaches world history, economics. Sadly, next year she will only be teaching preschool at home um because she's taking a year off to welcome another member of her family. But we wish her all the best and we look forward to having you back in the classroom as soon as possible. All right, go ahead. Thank you, Kayla. God bless you. Has Brother Barry gotten back? He's back. Okay. Um, I need to recognize two other members of our admin team. They've been along for this five-year adventure and they also deserve recognition and I want to ask Brother Barry Coffee to come up. Brother Barry has been a supporter of the school again since the days in his living room. Um, I don't know, but I think supporter of my wife's endeavors may have had some influence on that, but he's doing an excellent job. Come on up, brother Barry. Um, we're very thankful for his assistance on the admin team. He's filled many roles for us over the years from counselor uh to leading devotions to taking the lead in assemblies and his input has been invaluable when dealing with difficult situations and different students that have gone through different things over the years and we appreciate him his care and support for everybody at BAO. I personally appreciate his support. Um, you might not know, Brother Barry was my pastor when I was a young person. So, it's been and survived and it's been very special to work with him as an adult um in this role. So, Brother Barry, I just want to say thank you for everything you've done for us. And um we also have a gift for you. If you'll come come on up, let's give Brother Barry a hand. Thank you so much. God bless you. And um I'm sorry to do this, but I'm going to have to call up brother Michael and let's have our last you gohead on and come up. I want to recognize brother Michael's efforts and dedication. Brother Michael does the things you don't notice. He fills out the tax forms. He works with the accountants. Um, I think the thing we probably notice the most is he signs our paychecks, which we appreciate. Uh, he's the he's not just the tech guy, but he's like the tech guy's tech guy, and that's also important with an online school. Um, he does the budget and somehow manages to fit all of that in amongst all of his other full-time jobs and growing ministry. I worked with Brother Michael when I was at BCA in Canada and he was the board president. I've taught his children and I was given the job of helping run BAOO when I moved back to West Virginia. But I appreciate Brother Michael. I appreciate his balanced perspective, his openness. I feel like we discussed things pretty openly and uh honestly. And uh I'm very thankful for the trust that he's had in me over the years to um give me freedom to learn things and giving me space to learn things. Um, I've grown a lot over the last five years. Some things are harder than others. Um, sometimes I find people who are really good at doing things aren't necessarily good at teaching them. Um, so, you know, Brother Michael will give me a 20-minute overview of how to build a website and then be like, "Now you go ahead and finish it up." And so, um, yeah, so I've learned a lot and I I do appreciate that. Um, I appreciate his encouragement and support and I just think brother Michael has a heart for the youth and for the school and we appreciate all your hard work, your dedication and everything you've done for BAO. So, thank you so much. God bless [Applause] you. All right. Now, we recognize some five-year teachers. I just want a couple students to come to the stage. Josiah, start running. You'll get here at the same time as everyone else. Um, Esther Malan, who informed me yesterday I have been pronouncing her name wrong for the last four or five years. I've got it now. Uh, Bethany Sanger and Abigail Wilson. Come on up to the stage quickly. Can you give them the pins? Yeah. I kind of gave away but can you guess why these five are up here or four rather these four they have been with BAO from the very beginning. These are the four students that are here this weekend that have been there all five years and they they stuck with us. We've gotten to know them. We're super proud of them. I told you I gave our teachers a five-year commemorative pen and I thought, you know what, these guys deserve one, too. They've been with us through thick and thin and for five years and so I wanted to uh recognize them and the journey that they've had with Bible way academy online. We love you guys. Thank you. Now, I would be I would be remiss as well. We have some families that have been with us for five years, but it's just spanned various students. So, those families are the Yes family and the Garvin family. We've graduated some of their kids and now we're teaching new ones, but they've been with us since the beginning. So, Garins and Yesies, thank you so [Applause] much. Now, I have I have a couple of fun trophies for the weekend. The first trophy that I have here for this weekend was the first family to come yesterday afternoon. We're supposed to arrive at 2. I think this family got here at 1:00. They were here for a while before I even knew they were down in the pavilion waiting on me. And that's the Lions family. So Jeremiah, do you want to come up and get the prize of your family? We appreciate the Lions family. Don't run, Jeremiah. You may have a broken leg. There you go, buddy. Thanks so much. God bless you. Next award we have for this weekend is the family that traveled the furthest. And that goes to the Min family. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. goes to the Milan family from New Zealand. Esther, come and receive that for your family. I really am trying. I told her I called her Min for five years. It's going to take me a couple little a couple tries to get it right. Thank you for traveling the furthest, Esther. God bless you. Yeah, I think so. Uh, the next award goes to the most enthusiastic family. Oh, trade it with Esther. I'm so sorry. Here, Jeremiah. That Sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, give that one to Esther. Um, this is the most enthusiastic family. This is the family that the day I announced we were going to have a live get together. I I got a a message phone call from them and they were like, "What can we do to help?" And that's the Yes family. And I want Brother Aaron to come up and get this award. We love the [Applause] Yis. You may not know it, but Brother Aaron and I were young people at the same time. We went to church together there in Logan. And uh it's amazing that I'm now teaching his kids, but I love it. God bless you, Brother Aaron. Now I have one more and we were debating what this last award should be. We gave the award for the most enthusiastic family and I thought it would be fun to give out an award for the most enthusiastic teacher. She played volleyball. She played SWAT. She was in everything we did yesterday. Mrs. Carol, we love you. Here you go. It's a miracle I did not fall. Oh, but you did. Oh, I did. It's a miracle I did not get hurt. All right. We are um going to move into our last awards for the evening and that is our school awards. And these are our um I would say kind of special awards. It's a real honor to win these because it's across the entire student body. We have four of them and they're going to be presented by our teachers. And so I'm going to hand this over to Mrs. Willis. She's going to be presenting our school spirit award. There you go. All right. While we don't have a pep band or a mascot necessarily, the school spirit award is given to a student who best demonstrates a love for our school and its principles and leads others by example. This year, this award is being presented to a student whose natural exuberance and excitement for life extends to our school. Her school work, her meeting classmates at youth events and this experience it live weekend. This student leads others by cheerful example and hard work and also has a Christian testimony clearly on display. Our school spirit award winner for the 2025 school year is Cara Yki. [Applause] Congratulations to Cara on your school spirit award. I'm here today to talk about the outstanding leadership award. This is a new award at BAO this year because we had so many amazing students, it was very hard for us to decide and we had previously given a lot and it didn't seem to fit the bill for this particular student. The outstanding leadership award is given to a student who leads with enthusiasm and by example. This should be a student to encourage their classmates to excellence and fosters collaboration. We would like to present this award to Sarah Morton. Come on up, Sarah. Sarah Sarah is an outstanding leader in the classroom. She brings a contagious positivity and enthusiasm for learning, including trying to do a live skit on Zoom. Sarah is not only inclusive and friendly to everyone, but she leads with encouragement and Christ at the center. Congratulations, Sarah, for our astounding leadership award winner for [Applause] 2025 must be contagious. Sarah. Okay. I have the honor of presenting the Christian character award. This award is presented to a student who best demonstrates the characteristic of Christ. And I'm going to go off script here for just a moment. I will just say it is a joy to teach our students. We have the cream of the crop. I believe I've taught in public school. I've taught um students in our local area. Good people, but we have the cream of the crop. It's really hard to just narrow it down to one. In the past, this award has been won by several students who have seen you've seen here today, including Joey Walbert and Josiah Brewer. In a believer's school where a large percentage of our students have been born again and are believers, this winner stands out above the rest. She is a kind, thoughtful, hard-working student. She maintains an incredible testimony, and her walk with the Lord is clear by her actions, her words, and relationship with others. This student has made an impact on her school, and we're going to miss her. And again, I'm going to go off script. I know often teachers inspire students, but students can inspire teachers. And this particular student has inspired me. She's perhaps is the reason I joined the volleyball team. And the SWAT, no, just I'm so excited. I will say I was so excited in church Wednesday night and I hope it wasn't disrespectful, but when I saw that she and her parents were in the crowd, I had to go over and give them a hug. Um, I guess you know who you are. The winner this year is Esther Milan. Congratulations, [Applause] Esther. Congratulations, Esther. Our final award for the 2025 school year is the student of the year award. The student of the year is selected from amongst the school year's students of the month. In selecting this student, we're looking for the student who best represents our school in excellence, character, and example. This year the selected winner for this award is a student in whom we have seen consistent effort and hard work from this year academically. This is also a student who consistently contributes positively to our live classes. Treats the teachers and staff respectfully, maintains a positive and encouraging attitude. This year's student of the ward is Zachary Browning. Come up, Zack. Come on up. Congratulations, [Applause] Zachary. Okay, I'll be quick. You come here. All right, we do have one more. Just Miss Leonard, you'll have to just stand here now. Yeah, it's just, you know, what comes around goes around, you know. We'd be very remiss to not take a moment and just give you our heartfelt thanks for everything that you've been to our school. Yeah. Everything that we've seen here, you have touched and impacted and have your had your had your hand in every p bit of it. And uh it's been just a joy and an honor on my part to be able to just to help you and be a team with you. It's we've had a bit of a journey. Yeah. But God handcrafted you for this. Yeah. And brought you and molded you for this moment. And and so sister Sarah's going to she wants to come and she's going to do a little bit of little bit of payback. Payback time. Okay. Okay. Uh I think brother Michael said it so well. I can't really add anything to that other than um you're not only a colleague as we might say um but you have become a very dear friend. I always look forward to our conversations. Miss Leonard is always willing to teach me. I learn something from her every time we talk. Um because I'm I'm kind of old school. I'm still learning about computers. She helps me. Um, seems like the last five years I've had a personal challenge every single year. Last year I had a concussion. Did not expect that. I was not playing volleyball, but um, nonetheless, um, Miss Leonard has helped me, you know, crest the waves time and time again. So, on behalf of not just the teachers, but the families alike, I'd like to present you. Um, Harold, I know we did this a little bit out of order. I've got a sidekick over here, Miss Leonard. Has he been hiding in that? He's been hiding. Yes. Yes. So, we have just a little something we want to present to you. Just give him one moment. Yeah. Okay. He's going to pass it through. Brother Michael in the bag. Okay. This is a little gift basket from the Yeah. You say I do all the things. I also work part-time. Yes. At a at a Menite store. That's so you to be pampered. Thank you so much. Okay. Um, this is from a local flower farm. Thank you so much. And you have some other little goodies in here, too. You're so welcome. Most deserving. Okay, I have a couple more. Okay, I know we're all hungry. You You all may stand and clap. Um, I've got just a couple more, but go ahead and clap for Miss Leonard. [Music] Thank you so much, Miss Leonard. Now, I should have known Miss Leonard would have been mindful of of of the other part of our administration uh administrative staff, but I just wanted to do something personally to thank these two. Miss Leonard is amazing. Um, but you know, there's there's parts and pieces to this team, right? Uh, and we've already, Brother Michael has said it so beautifully. Uh, Miss Leonard has too. We want to recognize the coffees, Brother Barry and Sister Becky. Esposito. Okay, we've got a little something for Sister Becky and Brother Barry. Okay, Sister Becky, we have a bouquet of flowers for you from a local flower farm. And I don't know if Brother Barry's going to come back up here. This is also your This is your gift. Hey, she Okay, you have the blue package. Thank you. Okay. Okay. I do want to thank the coffees uh for joining my tour this morning of his historic Jonesboro. I know they were tired, but um we bribe brother Barry coffee by saying there's two coffee shops in our little town. So I made sure to get you some coffee and a coffee cup that's made and has Jonesboro. We thank you so much. You all are inspiration. Thank you so much. Okay. And I know this gentleman has already been recognized. Um, and I know we're all hungry and I'm gonna be super quick, but uh, it was so exciting to meet you, brother Michael. Um, he's the grandson of Brother Biscll, if you do not know. I first saw your grandfather when he was your age. That was many, many years ago. Um, we don't get to see you as often as we do see Miss Sister Becky or Miss Leonard, but we know you're there. You're steady. You're diligent. Um, he's all the things, right? But it is it is my honor to work for you if I may say. And if on a personal note, I remember in 1994 I heard about this Bible way Christian Academy. I was a newlywed and hoping to have children. I was like, "Wow, I wonder if Brother Biscll would hire me, but I'm like, I'm already 800 miles away from my folks. I don't know that I could go that far." Plus, the Lord called us to be uh here under Brother Donny's ministry. Um, so I thought, my my. So then time passed. Sure enough, in 2020, I got a call from Miss Leonard based on sister Becky's re recommendation. And so I am indeed working for Bible way. It took a while to get here, but brother Michael, you just you're a blessing, and we thank you for all your behind-the-scenes work. Miss Leonard said it beautifully. So without further ado, we have just a little something for you. Uh, it's a handcrafted in our little storytelling town, Jonesboro. So, God bless you, brother. Thank you so much. Yes. Thank you so much. My goodness. Pardon our length a little bit, but it's been five years of a lot of uh work and many years before that of preparation. So, we just took a little extra time and uh we're just enjoying the moment. Thank you so much. It's been quite an evening. And I I just want to say students, you you really impacted me, Miss Leonard, reading those those statements there that um that's why we do this. That's what drives us forward. And I just I just was so special to be able to hear those. Thank you for writing them. That's uh God give us the strength and the courage to continue for another five if he gives us that time. And so congratulations to everyone that was uh here and congratulations for finishing the year. here and we're going to take a little pause and have a little dinner and we'll have a part two for our graduation. And I might maybe I might just ask the Browning if you'd able to come and just pray for the food and and just close this little part in prayer. Brother Browning is one of the pastors here and he's taken some devotions for us and we're just so thankful for each one that has been part it's been many contributors to the school and so we thank you. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we're just so thankful, Lord, and just to see, Lord, your hand and upon, Lord, the vision. And we're thankful, Father, in this moment in time, Lord, that you've given us a place, Lord, and they can be gathered together, Lord, even though it would be online. And but we're thankful for that opportunity, Lord. We're thankful for the effect, Lord. And Lord Jesus, your influence, Lord, upon the lives of these young people. We want to say thank you, Lord. We pray, Father, that you'll just bless the food now, Lord. Bless the time, Lord, that we would have together. Bless the remaining part of the evening. And we pray that Lord, you'd just grant a real refreshing, Lord, to all that have poured into this, Lord, the teachers, the administrators, Lord. We thank you, Father, for the sacrifice that they've given, Lord. And we appreciate, Lord, ultimately, Lord, the sacrifice that you've made for us, Lord. We love you and we thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. All right. Well, that is the and yeah. All right. Order of operand here is you can find a table. It's open seating. I don't there's no uh specific table. So, you can find a table. It's a buffet. So, you can take your plate and uh no specific order. Don't stampede. And uh and then we'll have dinner and relax for a little bit and then we'll we'll start the graduation afterwards. God bless you. Oh, yeah. He told me what I was supposed to do.
