################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Harboring A Fugitive - Bro. Joel Brown - Joel Brown.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    Harboring A Fugitive - Bro. Joel Brown
Speaker:  Joel Brown
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ukkqqc30os
========================================

Description:
06/01/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] You were born the valley. You were born to soar in the sky. Don't let your trials get you down. Drive your spirit to the ground. Found up with wings, little eagles and fly. So spread your wings, leg go and fly. Oh, you weren't born for the valley. You were born to soar in the sky. Don't let your trials get you down. Drive your spirit to the ground. Bound up with wings, little eagle, and fly. Sing it one more time. Oh, spread your wings little leg go and fly. Oh, you weren't born for the valley. You were born to soar in the sky. Don't let your trials get you down. Drag your spirit to the ground. Mount up with wings, little eagle and fly. Amen. Praise the Lord. Mount up with wings a little eagle and fly. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is once again to come to the house of the Lord. Had a tremendous time here Wednesday night. How many of you enjoyed the word of the Lord? God is so good. And we just we appreciate his divine presence. We appreciate the blessings that he bestows upon us because we know that without him, we're absolutely nothing. Right? How many of you realize that you are six feet of dirt, five feet of dirt, 4 foot of dirt? That's what we are. Yeah, because we in ourselves are, brother, we're nothing. But with Jesus Christ, we're the apple of his eye. Somebody say, "Thank you, Jesus." Are you glad he lives in your heart today? Give him one more good hand clap of praise. Amen. Want to welcome all of our visitors today. Glad, so glad to have each and every one of you here. Trust you'll just receive from the service today. All of our streamers, we want to say we welcome those locally and around the world. We want to welcome those folks to the service today. Could we give all those folks a good hand this morning if you would? Praise the Lord. Let's stand together if you would. Why don't you just reach over and shake somebody's hand. Greet them at the name of the Lord. Tell them you're glad to you're glad to have them beside of you this morning in the house of the Lord. Let's sing that together one more time if you will. [Music] So spread your wings, lily, go and [Music] fly. Oh, you were born for the valley. You were born to soar in the sky. Don't let your trials get you down. Drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with wings, little eagle, and fly. One more time if you will. Sing it to him. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, don't let your trials get you down. Oh, man up with wings, little eagle and fly. Praise the Lord. Amen. Give him one more good hand clap of praise this morning. Thank you, Lord. Amen. If you will just remain standing. Uh we don't have that that many prayer requests. Brother Joe Harris is going to come and pray over the prayer request this morning. He has some announcements that he wants to make concerning uh vacation bible school. Want to remember sister Christine Baker in prayer today suffering in body with sickness. uh special petition before the Lord concerning a court situation. Uh the Lord knows all about it. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is asking that we would help her pray about a situation. Sister Eva HG has an unspoken prayer request that God knows all about. Trusting in him to move according to his perfect will. She would appreciate very much if you would remember her and her family in prayer. So let's remember that. Sister Brandy Anon wants us to remember her sister April Weisner in prayer that the Lord be mindful of her situation. Want to remember brother Rocky Ward in prayer this morning. He's still in the VA hospital. Hopefully he gets to go home maybe tomorrow, but we certainly want to pray for brother Rocky that the Lord would just continue to uh give him healing in his body. We know that God is able and want to remember Blair Henley in prayer this morning suffering very very bad pain in his back. Uh just if you would remember him want to remember brother David Hara having a hard time with Aphib. So we want to remember him in prayer today as we pray. Ietta Collins home with a bad cough needs a healing touch. Want to remember her in prayer today. All our local folks that are suffering with different types of sickness. uh don't have a request for them, but we certainly want to hold them in our heart and ask the Lord to be mindful of all their situations, right? All the unspoken prayer requests, if you have a need today, we just commit all these things unto the Lord. Brother Joe, if you'd come and and take us to the Lord in prayer this morning. Want to welcome to the service uh the Greens from Arizona. Where would they be? Just raise your hand so we can we can find you. God bless you. Give them a nice hand this morning. God bless you. Glad to have all of you with us. Praise the Lord. And brother Julian's uh family. Uh Julie and I, his family is here this morning from Charlotte, North Carolina. I want to welcome them. Give them a good hand this morning. Amen. Any any other visitors that that are visiting with us and we didn't call your name? We're so glad to have you. We are. We're really glad to have you. We like this guy right here pretty good, don't we? Amen. Love you, baby. Love you. Thank you. So, uh, first announcement from, uh, Brother Michael Bailey, Vacation Bible School, um, is from 6:00 until 9:15 p.m. Um, on Wednesday, children will have class only starting, uh, class time starting at 6:30. That's on Wednesday. After service on Wednesday night, we will have open house and encourage parents to visit the classrooms and the fellowship hall. Uh after service today, parents, please meet your children's teacher in the foyer to pick up their uh vacation bible school shirt. Um and one more announcement u to make some clarifications on if you are in my group um the upper room group. Uh if you have been asked to volunteer if you are signed up to volunteer that was those will be the only people in our group that will be at vacation bible school. This is the uh we all we have our time all year. We do our banquetss. We do our youth services and activities. this is the time for the Sunday schools um kids and that that low younger group to uh to enjoy their time. So when we don't want to take take that away from them. So if you're volunteering that uh you will be the the members of my group and I guess brother Rob's group that will be there. So um I'm the bearer of bad news. Sometimes you ride the bus, sometimes you ride under it. So you guess where I rode. So, but if you will remember all that, we sure appreciate it. And thanks for brother Michael and all the Sunday school teachers that's putting that together. So, if we can, we go before the Lord, take these needs. Heavenly Father, we're so grateful, Lord, for another time to come to sit under your word, Lord. Lord, we're so grateful that we can bring our needs before you, Lord. we could lay them at your feet knowing, Father, that no matter what happens, if they get if they get worse or symptoms or circumstances, we know, Lord, if we placed them at your feet, Lord, that your will would be done. We're believing that this morning. You you've seen the request that was written, the hands that's raised, Lord, and some needs are greater than others, Lord, but they're all great in your sight. So, we pray that you would have your way this morning, Father. Lord, as the word comes forth, I know our brother's prepared, Lord. Lord, I know he nervous. I've been there, Father. I I know that feeling, Lord. And I pray, Father, that you would set him aside for service, Lord. May there not be any in this service that would come from any single person that would hinder the move of your Holy Spirit this morning, Lord. Lord, if we've come for any other reason but to receive your word, Lord, we've come in vain this morning, Lord. I pray, Father, that you would anoint him. Anoint the music, anoint brother Louie, the musicians, Father, anoint us to worship and give you praise this morning, Lord, for you are worthy of all praise. We thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Users, if you want to come at this time, receive the morning tithing offering. You give us unto the Lord. Let's sing an old song of the church. Uh, now I know most most of you are geared or especially a lot of our young people, we're g you're geared toward uh 88.3 contemporary and that's all right. There's some good contemporary stuff, but us old folks, we like songs of the church, some of them. And uh some of them are good, too. So whatever you're geared to, you join the old folks this morning, young people saying come and died. Will you do that with me? Paul 88.3 wizard. Praise the Lord. I pick on him a lot, but I love him to death. Praise the Lord. God is so good to us. He wants us to come and dine. I heard brother Brandon on the tape. He was complimenting uh he was debating and complimenting uh the chef that had prepared a meal for him and he said he hadn't eaten a solid meal in a couple of days but that meal that that chef set before him he was so complimentary. Now we're not here to eat natural food today but we have come to dine. We'll have a we'll have a table spread here just in a few minutes. Now, it might be broccoli and don't you don't like broccoli. Our pastor don't like broccoli. Although we did see him with a piece of it in his mouth here not long ago, but anyway, that's we'll not go there. It might be turnups. Some of you don't like turnups. Might be cabbage. But whatever God's got spread for us here just in a little while, let's come and dine. They're going to be some good stuff. There going to be some stuff that you might ponder over and you might lay it aside and you'll think, "Well, I'll I'll chew on that or I'll I'll eat that later." But God's going to give you something that you can take home with you today. How many of you come to receive? What's the rest of you come for? How many of you come to receive? It's not too hard for you to raise your hand if some if somebody ask you a question, is it? How many of you come to give something back? We're going to give him our praise and our worship. Is that right? How many of you feel like he's he's worthy of whatever you give him this morning? How many of you feel like he's more worthy than what we're going to give him this morning? He's worthy of everything. I'm worthy of damnation. This old Louis ble right here, this old house. But in the side of me, there's a great king living and he's worthy of all the praise that I could ever give to him. Give him one more good hand clap of praise. [Music] Raise it one. I think we're going to get the key worked out. Let me see what key that would be in accordance. Jesus has a table will spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and die with his mana heth and supplies our every need. Oh to sweet us up with Jesus all the time. Come and dine. The master call come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. Through the hungry call now come and die. The disciples came to land. Thus obeying Christ command for the master called to them come and die. There they found their heart's desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. Thus he satisfies the hungry every [Applause] [Music] time. Oh, sounding [Music] good. Sing it. Turn the water into wine. Oh, soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will symbol be. Oh will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless wine and with Jesus they will peace eternally. Come and dine. The master callth. Come and die. You made peace at Jesus table. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and dine. Oh come and dine. The master callth. Come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table. He who fed the multitude to the hungry calleth down. Come and die. Now soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble be. Oh it will be a glorious side. All the saints in spotless wide and with Jesus they will peace [Music] eternally. Thank you Lord. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. Do the hungry call. Now come and die. Hallelujah. Wouldn't take nothing from the journey. Amen. Let's sing this another old song that's been sung for years and years and years, but I like it. It says, "I wouldn't take nothing from a journey now. How about you? I wouldn't trade what we're living for right now for all that the world could offer. Would you? You've got more than anything the world can give you. I promise you that. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise this morning. Well, it wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil tempts me, tries to turn me around. He's offered everything, all the wealth I want. Worldly fame if I could still wouldn't. Nothing from my journey now. No, I wouldn't take nothing from my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil tempt me, Christ will turn me around. He's offered everything, the wealth I want, worldly fame. If I could still, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I started out traveling for the Lord many years ago. Brother Paul, y'all come [Music] on. Then I would humble down. I'd say thank you, Lord. I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil temp me, tries to turn me around. He's offered everything, all the wealth I want in worldly fame. If I could still, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. No, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil tempts me, tries to turn me around. He's offered everything. All the wealth I want and worldly fame. If I could still, I wouldn't take nothing from my journey [Applause] [Music] now. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated this morning. Give our singers a nice hand. Sister Anna, I don't know if she's in ready or not, but she'll come on to the platform and be getting ready to sing. [Music] I wasn't There on Eden's darkest day when Satan called and sin obeyed and left behind the scars of fallen man. Even though all the years have come and gone, the line between the right and wrong tries to keep us from God's perfect plan. I could blame it on Adam and say I never had a chance and lay the case for all my failures on some broken circumstance and say I'm a victim as if it would set me free when the truth is just as close as Calary where Jesus went because he wanted me to rise above even. He didn't just call me to a higher place, a better life, a deeper faith, and leave me just to find it on my own. He didn't just say I was forgiven then to go on living in my sin. Even though the father must have known. I could blame it on Adam and say I never had a chance and lay a case for all my failures on some broken circumstance and say I'm a victim as if it would set me free when the truth is just as close as Calary where Jesus And because he wanted me to rise above Eden in my ache for holiness, I feel the pull of all that makes me human. And there are days with everything within was to blame it on Adam and say I never had a chance and laid a case for all my failures on some broken circumstance and say I'm a victim as if it will set me free when the truth is just as close as Calary where Jesus went because he wanted me to rise above Eden. I want to rise above Eden. [Applause] [Music] Blessed are those who run to him, who place their hope and confidence in Jesus. He won't forsake them. And blessed are those who seek his face, who bend their knee and fix their gaze on Jesus. They won't be shen. Come on and praise the Lord with me. Sing if you love his name. [Music] Come on and lift your voice with me. He's worthy of all our praise. Blessed are those who walk with him, whose hearts are set on pilgrimage with Jesus. They'll see his glory. And blessed are those who die to live. Whose joy it is to give it all for Jesus and for him only. Oh Jesus. All for your glory. Come on and praise the Lord with me. Sing if you love his name. Come on and lift your voice with me. He's worthy of all our praise. Come on and bring your [Music] offering. Sing if you've known his grace. Come on and lift up your holy hands. He's worthy of all our praise. [Music] Bless God in the sanctuary. Bless God in the fields of plenty. Bless God in the darkest valley. Every chance I get, I'll bless your name. Bless God when my hands are empty. Bless God with the praise that calls me. Bless God when nobody's watching. Every chance I get, I'll bless your name. Bless God when the weapons for me. Bless God when the walls are falling. Bless God cuz he goes before me. Every chance I get, I'll bless your name. Bless God for he holds the victory. Bless God for he's always with me. Bless God for he's always worthy. Every chance I get, I bless your name. And every chance I get, I bless your name. And every chance I get, come on and praise the Lord with me. Sing if you love his name. Come on and lift your voice with me. He's worthy of all our praise. And come on and bring your offering. Sing if you've known his grace. Come on and lift up your holy hands. He's worthy of all our praise. Come on and bring your offering. Sing if you've known his grace. Come on and lift up your holy hands. He's worthy of all our praise. Yes, he's worthy of all our praise. [Music] We appreciate your song if you will. Brother Joel Brown's going to come and bring us the word of the Lord. Certainly going to pray for our brother. We love Brother Joel Brown and his family, don't we? They mean a lot to our assembly. Let's sing a little chorus as he prepares to come. It gets sweeter as the days go by. Can you really say that from your heart? It gets sweeter as the days go by. The older you get, the sweeter it gets. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing it together if you will. It gets sweeter as the days go by. Oh, it gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter. Oh, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. Oh, it gets sweeter. [Music] [Music] [Music] Huh? Guess what I didn't do? I forgot to press that button, didn't I? Well, is that good? There we go. I am extra nervous today. I have to let you know. And when I get nervous, I forget things. I've I walked out and almost forgot my notes this morning. And I forgot my Bible. I forgotten my tie before. I've been on the road. I forgotten my shoes and my belt. And one time I forgot a flight. It's just so nervous and and just um and that haunts me to this day. And that's been years ago. And I think about that just about every time I go out to preach. I know I'm probably going to forget something. Um, but it's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come longing just to bring something that's of worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have [Applause] required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, [Music] Jesus. Yeah. King of endless [Music] words. No one could express how much you deserve. [Music] Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is yours. Every single breath. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not one. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Lord. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking deep down into my heart soul. I'm coming [Music] back. Could we start today where we left him? How about it, friends? It's all about him, not about your problems. I'm sorry, Lord, for the mess that I made. And it's all about you. It's all about you. One more time. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the mess messes that I made when it's all about you. Yeah, Jesus. It's all about you. It's all about you. It's all about you. Sing it with me. It's all about you. It's all about you. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the mess. the things that I made. And when it's supposed to be, it should be all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing that I made it. Oh, all about you, Jesus. Give the Lord a hand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's worthy. He's worthy. May he fill this place this day. May he come and do something wonderful today. Amen. If you have your adoption papers, turn with me to St. John 10:10. Amen. The evidence of who you are lays within the pages of the word of God. You may be able to go back and get your birth certificate and be able to tell who your mama is, who your daddy is, the day you were born, the time you were born, all of these things. But the identification of who you really are is in the word of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. St. John 10 10. The thief cometh not, but for to steal and to kill and to destroy. I am come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly. As we bow our heads and turn our hearts and attention toward heaven, let us pray. Heavenly Father, as the oldtimers used to say, we bow our heads in the lumps of our shoulders and look unto the dust from whence we came. Lord, dust, that's all that we are. But yet, we'll tend to these old bodies as though they're something as though they're going to live forever. We thank you for our place in the building today. And we're in expectation of what you're going to do. Lord, I know not who's here, but I know that there are believers here, there are unbelievers here, and there are makeelievers here. And so, Lord, through the power of your word and through the administration of a gift that you place within me, there's a lot to do today. There are lives that are wrecked. There are situations in those lives that seem impossible because as I was just saying in the song, Lord, using another word and apologizing to you for the mess that I make. So Lord, I know that there are a lot of messes assembled here today. And Lord, they may have tucked their Bible under their arm and we've got all sanctimonious and we've been all holy. We've been all righteous. We've been okay. But Lord, there's something about the discerning power of your word. It tells us that it cuts deeply. It cuts to the very marrow of the bone. And Lord, the beauty of it is it cuts coming and going just to remind us that there's some changes that we need to make. There's a little higher that we need to live. There's a little few more things that we need to get out of our lives. And Lord, I'm not here to to bring a message so so much such as that, Lord, to browbeat or anything, but but Lord, there's something about your presence when it comes, Lord, we realize that we're unholy. We're we're incapable. We're nothing in your sight, Father. So, we're simply standing in a position, Lord, to receive from you and nothing else. We're bringing it back to what it really, really matters is to you. I pray that you will strike a heart today. That you would change a life, Lord. Starting from my position where I am today from the pool pit all the way to the back, Lord. If there'd be some in the in out in the vestibule or wherever they may be, Lord, in the nurseries, oh God, come and do something, oh great Jehovah, that will make us different than who we were when we stepped foot in these doors. We're nothing, Lord, without you. We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done. We pray that you be with our pastor in his absence wherever he may be this day. Be with him and his precious wife. And Lord, just guide them and protect them and keep them. And may the anointing that rests, Lord, in his life, may it continue. And may you continue to use him as a as a fire brand to bring this word around this world. And we thank you for the ministry here, the people here at Word of Life and what it stands for around the world. We give you all praise, honor, and glory. And it's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may have your seats. As I said, I'm extra nervous today. And truly, and it it's a it it's a an awesome place to to be, not just here, but here. This is a a tremendous place to be today. And maybe you're here and you didn't come with any particular expectations, but I'm here to let you know, get some before you leave. Amen. And I usually mention this when I when I minister. The prophet tells us back in the message, "Hear ye him." He says, "We must be inspired by the word of God that'll bring God to his word and blend them together and make it do and act like it did in the days of old." So there has to be something that you do today. Not just sit and look at me. Amen. Not even just sit and listen to me, but grab a hold of this word. This word will change you. Amen. These are things that you know, but we I'm going to stir you up by way of remembrance today. St. John 10:10. If I could give it a title and and bring a little direction and and it's going to be all over the place. I'm going to just go and tell you now because I can only be who I am. If you're expecting anybody else, oh well, you going to be sorely disappointed today. You said, "Well, I visiting from out of town. I thought Brother Donnie was going to be here." Oh well, guess what? Yes, sir. Oh, well. Harboring a fugitive. As I thought about this, I I thought I can get some of the brothers, the the the uh police officers here in the church. They could, you know, probably do a better better job than I could in in in borrowing that title. But, you know, I I just I thought too of how Brother Brandham was just walking through the woods one day and he saw a cigarette butt, an old discarded cigarette, you know, thinking man's filter. And and so many times I pick up a few little words and little things along the way and it just inspires me. But, but harboring a fugitive, St. John 10:10. Somebody say 11:45 for me. 11:48. 11:48. Y'all help me. I'm going to call on you. Help me to remember. Is that all right? I'll forget because I I've got I've got a lot to just share with you. Not that I think I'm anything but just to share it with you just to inspire you. But harboring a fugitive St. John 10:10, the thief cometh not but for to steal and to kill and to destroy. I am come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly. That word steal means to take away by theft. So the thief has come to take something away. He's stealing something. He's he's a thief. Elementary today. Elementary always for me. To steal, to kill. That word means to sacrifice, to slay, to kill. Watch this. To kill the pascal lamb. The enemy's come to steal and to to kill and to destroy. That word destroy means to put out of the way entirely. The devil's desire is to get rid of you. Even if you have just a little bitty teen tiny ounce of God in you or understanding or revelation in you, he's out to steal and to destroy that. He's out to get you. Hear me. To abolish, put an end to ruin, render useless. Wow. The devil wants to make you useless. To kill. To declare that one must be put to death. that stinker here. He's trying to declare that you need to die when he's the one that knows where he is headed to de to devoid or give over to eternal misery. But that word kill going back and picking that up just a moment to to to the uh to to to kill the pascal lamb. Now the pascal lamb as we know was the the sacrificial lamb. It was the lamb at the first Passover on the eve of the Exodus from Egypt. And they took that blood and what did they do? They struck the doorpost, the mantel of their of their home. So the devil is wanting nothing more than to kill the power of the token in your life. Hear me. through situations, through circumstances, through conditions, through the trials and the upheavalss of life. He's wanting to destroy your pascal lamb. He's wanting to kill that lamb. And not for the purpose of a sacrifice to give unto God, but to destroy you so you won't worship God. Follow me in my simplicity, please. Amen. That word thief is a Greek word. It means klepus, an embezzler, a pilfer. It's where we get the word kleptoomaniac. Huh? But he's come to persecute, to treat us, to treat you so cruy, so unfairly that you forget who you are. You get so tied up in this in self. Amen. H he's wanting nothing more. But but we're harboring a fugitive saints. Now a fugitive is a person who is running away or hiding in order to avoid arrest. We know these things to avoid arrest or p prosecution. They have violated the law in some way. That's what the devil did. Again, I'm just using a simple type here. They have taken someone else's property. This identity belongs to you. Amen. God has given you a a a true position and place and and within his economy. And the devil's trying to take it away from you to take that understanding to take that revelation to take your position avoiding capture. This fugitive capture by authorities evading arrest. Now you have a criminal and then you have a fugitive. And and a criminal is someone who has committed a crime or who has been convicted of a crime. They're already in jail. But a fugitive, although still a criminal, he's evading arrest. The devil wants you to think that he's okay hanging out in your mind, in your body. In your spirit. He wants you to think that he's okay. The fugitive is on the run. And many times with a fugitive, we heard the we have heard the expression, he's armed and dangerous, so be on the lookout. Is that right? Yeah. And there are legal consequences to breaking the law. And the the the choices of this fugitive, their decisions and their actions have caused them to be called a fugitive, to be placed in this category. So once, give me just a moment to to just build a little bit of a foundation. Again, I'm I'm going to be everywhere, but once the criminal becomes a fugitive, it significantly impacts the person's life and it triggers more severe legal actions. No, not just a criminal, but they become a fugitive because they're continuing to do more things that's compounding their conviction. They're they're doing more things that's compounding the charges that are coming against them. if they just say, "I'll surrender. I'll go to jail and deal with it." But no, the devil's stupid. The devil's dumb. He keeps on coming and he keeps on doing and he keeps coming back and he keeps on doing things. He keeps on destroying your mind. He keeps on raging in your body. Amen. Bringing his shadows around. Just a few weeks ago, as you know, I was I was suffered with with with uh the shingles and and and my it was pain some pain. I've been sicker before, but I not not known pain like this. But it it progressed. It got worse. And one day I'm just one day I thought maybe I was having a stroke. I went to the ER and I I was and and I began to get to the point where I just stopped looking at at stuff about shingles because it began to mess with my mind. And I'm not a person that worries and things like that. But but I got to the point where I'm thinking, what if I'm one of those cases? The devil. The devil. What if I'm one of those cases where I don't get better and I have the the effects of this forever? God. And I was down one morning real early. I couldn't sleep. It's so And it was in my It was in my face, in my ear, in my mouth. Every it was just awful. But I couldn't I couldn't lay on my my my pillow at night and just the the pain in my head. And I I was up early where I couldn't couldn't sleep. And I was just down praying and and I wasn't praying and and and asking God to to heal me, touch me, all of those things. I was just thanking God for who he was and for what he's done. Just in that that spirit of worship. And as I was closing out my prayer, I said this. The little spirit of the Lord just dropped in on me and spoke these words. Father, I said, "Let may every shadow that I see today be you." Because the the devil was coming in with his shadow, making me think this is going to be your case. This is going to be your condition. Oh boy. Cuz hey, the the devil has a presence too, saints. Now, y'all cute folk, y'all know I love you. To think that you don't believe that the devil has a presence. He does. He does. He does. He comes in and he brings his shadows. But my declaration was, "Lord, may every shadow that I see today be you and not the devil." So I got up from that prayer and from that time I haven't even thought anything about what the devil tried to bring. And you know what the thing is? I still have little little little moments where I have a little bit of pain. That don't mean anything to me. Huh? Yeah. My let me let me let me let me go on. Genesis 4:10 says, "And he said, what hast thou done?" Talking about Cain in the garden. "The voice of thy brother's blood cried unto me from the ground." Verse 11, "Now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand. When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength. A fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth." And Cain said unto the Lord, "I'm sorry, Father. Forgive me for what I did. I'm so sorry." And then then the tears begin to fall and the snot runs out of his nose. This the sorry, you won't find him doing that at all. What does he do? He immediately says, "My punishment is greater than I can bear." He's more worried about the the the the punishment that he's going to receive than what he did. That's the truth. Yes, sir. That's a good place to say amen. Amen. And behold, thou has driven me out this day from the face of the earth. Verse 14, Genesis 4. And from thy face shall I be hid, and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth. And it shall come to pass that everyone that findeth me shall slay me. Now, Cain was fully aware of the fact that he was not going to be liked because of what he had done. Fully aware of it because why? He said, "My punishment is greater than I can bear." He was aware that he was not going to be liked. Because he said, "Everyone that I meet, they're they're going to look down on me." So, who are they? Who who are these people that's going to look down on? Mom, dad, his family. That's all that there was at that time. That's right. His family harboring a fugitive. Genesis 4:11-2, judgment is placed upon Cain, he becomes cursed in his soul, he becomes a vagabond in his body and he becomes unprosperous in his labors. Y'all know the scriptures? Yeah. Because of sin, because of transgression, because of violation, because he broke the law, become a fugitive and a vagabond. He says, "Everyone that findeth me shall slay me." And we know many times often it is family and friends and those who are closest to the guilty to that fugitive who provides refuge for them. We know of cases and hear in the news and all of these things. Come to find out they they they done ran to grandma's house. Hiding in the basement. Well, honey, come on in. Grand grandma don't even know what what he just did. What she just did. Come on in, baby. you are you hungry? And they just kick back. Huh? But eventually the spirit of the Lord comes for you. You cannot get comfortable where you are. Amen. You cannot get comfortable in the condition, Joel Brown. You cannot get comfortable in the condition that you're in. You shouldn't be comfortable with that ailment in your body. No. Mm- You're harboring a fugitive, trapped in your own mind. You come to church and you can't even wait raise your hands because you feel guilty. Today is the day of your salvation. The word of God has come today to bring you deliverance. Amen. The message I will restore. Here in the beginning, Cain was a worshshiper, a believer. Why brother? You said if a man believes on the Lord Jesus Christ correctly. That's right. But Cain was a believer. He came to worship God. And not only that, but he was a great contributor to the church. Watch this. He made sacrifice to the church. He built a garden where the cherubam was with the sword perhaps at the east side of the gate. Now they perhaps both boys come there and built an altar or a church, a worshiping place. And Cain built just as good an altar and perhaps a more prettier altar than Abel. And he came with his gift and he worshiped God just the same as Abel did. And if God only requires faith in him, worshiping him, a membership in a church, a sacrifice, listen how the prophet places this. If this is all that God requires, faith in him, worshiping him, a membership in a church, a sacrifice, why today we call that a renowned Christian. Oh yeah. Oh my looking the part, playing the part, singing the part, preaching the part. We would call that a renowned Christian. But how far we are off from the word of God. That man was a worshipper. He didn't come in vain. He wanted his soul saved. He come with a sincerity of heart and laid down to find favor with God. So the prophet many times he he talks about how you know if I had the spirit of John Dillinger in me and and the spirit of an artist and all of these things. And so this this this this guy he's coming and he he is playing the part. He has a spirit of worship on him. He has a spirit and ability to to create an atmosphere. Yeah. Uh-huh. So, you would expect if he is under that that type of spirit, if he he that he would express the attributes of that that he's under, but we find out as we know the simplicity of it, he was under another inspiration, another spirit that wasn't of God. We notice the first sewer of the seed of discrepancy was branded the devil. And we know it was in Genesis 1. and and and anything that sws discrepancy contrary to the written word of God or puts any private interpretation to it is the seed of discrepancy and God will not honor it. He can't do it. It won't mix. It certainly will not. It's like mustard seed. It won't mix with anything else. So harboring a fugitive under both state and federal law is a criminal offense that occurs when someone knowingly assists a person who is trying to evade arrest or prosecution by hiding them, providing shelter or otherwise abiding, aiding their escape knowingly. You know who the devil is. You know what the devil is capable of. Yeah. Harboring a fugitive, giving place and opportunity and space for the devil to do what he's going to do. Harboring a fugitive. Now, the law declares that you must be aware that the person you are helping is a fugitive. Well, come on in, baby. You hungry? Grandma didn't know. Yeah, but you do. I do. Right. The law says you must be aware that the person you were helping is a fugitive. Meaning they are wanted by law enforcement for a crime cuz we know we we we're on Facebook and we're on TikTok and we're on the news and all these things and we're we're aware of what what Was it WJHL? I don't even know the local news station. WJHL, we know what's going on and we we saw that. I saw him on the news. I saw that picture. I know you've been to church time and time. I know this is simple. We've been to church time and time and time again. We know who the devil is. We know what he looks like. We know what he's done. But yet, we invite him in and give him an opportunity and space to hang out in our house. Harboring a fugitive. Today is the day of salvation. Today is the day you can be free. You say, "Well, Brother Joe, I wish I was coming through my favorite preacher." Well, wait till your your favorite preacher gets here to stand here. But by that time, you may be eternally lost. You may have crossed that line that you won't have another opportunity to make it back. [Applause] Isaiah 14:13 says, "For thou hast set in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north." You know very well aware of what the devil has declared that he wants to do. Isaiah 14:14 goes on to say, "I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell to the sides of the pit, harboring a fugitive, providing shelter, offering financial assistance. Is that right? Yes, sir. Aiding escape, misleading law enforcement. You come to the house of God and you hear that word go forth and you say, "Well, no, God. Uh no, he's not here. Oh my. Amen. H lying to law enforcement. But you know what? Ultimately, you're lying to yourself. Hear me, young people, young boy, young girl, hear what I'm saying today. You are harboring a fugitive and you're very well aware of it. You know, you've been taught, yeah, I don't like this, Brother Joel. We see you. Bye. I don't think the deacons have called for the doors to be locked. My preacher did that the other day. He was at a big convention. I think like 4,000 people or so, whoever it was, and he was taking up an offering and he didn't get enough. So, he tells the deacons, "Lock the doors." Cuz people begin to go out. They begin to leave. He's telling them, "Lock the doors. Close them. I'm going to do that." But providing shelter for this this slicker, offering financial assistance. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You give the devil you you give him your your your money, your your financial assistance. You put gas in that car and you go to places you shouldn't be going. Okay. Okay. I'm have to find me a place to hide to preach. knowingly assisting someone that you know is a fugitive. Genesis 3 and 6, we're going to get somewhere after a while. And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat. So what was the serpent doing exactly? What what what was he up to? What was this fugitive tending to do? He wanted within Eve, he wanted to have a place, a place to stay in an attempt to hide long enough so he could eventually have full control. Yes, sir. That's what he's up to today. How much more simple does it get than this? He said, "Brother Joel, preach me a seal. Preach me a thunder. I am. The thunder is the voice of God. Did you not hear that thunder roll through the building? Are you not hearing those seals fly open as this word is going forth? It matters not who is coming through. If that brother is standing in that gift and he's declaring the word of God, that is the voice of God to you at that moment. I've been here with you long enough for you all to know I don't have anything to give you. I don't have any I don't have any big fancy mansion, no fine car, have no big bank account. I don't have any any personality, anything like that. But I want to bring to you today the word of God. I want to stir you up in such a way that you will realize that I need to get deliverance today. Who are you? Where are you today? Come on, brother, sister. Where are you? What condition are you in? You are in an environment and in a place where you can receive deliverance from that very thing that's binding you that's keeping you captive in your home. And all the while that he's there, that he's hanging out, he's eating your food. He's using your time. You become a captive in your own home. Every time the doorbell rings and every time the there's some knock at the door. Every time you hear the word go forward, that knock on the door, you don't want to move. You get still and you're peeping out the blinds. A captive in your own home. Why? Because the fugitive is there. And you know that if you keep that fugitive and and and long enough that you're going to be just as guilty as the fugitive because you've been harboring a fugitive. It's time, prodigal. It's time to come back home, little lady at the well. It's time you realize who you are and who it is that's speaking to you. There's eternal life inside of you. I don't care where you've been. I don't care what you've done. There's equality of eternal life in you. My you can't even be can't even be yourself anymore. Amen. What happened to you? Where's the joy? Where's the excitement? Where's the jubilation? I know for some of you, you done got this fine church, this nice pretty church, and you done got, you know, I know. Yeah, I know. This thing's going to be dust one day. Yeah. A bunch of a bunch of rubble. That's right. So this this fugitive reasons for fleeing. Fugitives typically flee to avoid being arrested. They have they flee from being charged with a crime or facing court proceedings. And remember, they're armed and dangerous. The devil is armed and he's dangerous. Now, we know that there are some people sometimes they don't even know that that fugitive is in their storage shed out in their yard. Have no clue. Not guilty. But when you know that that fugitive is hanging out in your crawl space. Yeah, I pointed then the crawl space is down here. But you know, you know what I'm talking about. I'm only here to bring this word of God to let you know there is an opportunity for you today. Yes, sir. You think, well, well, Brother Joel, I come to a big church and nobody shook me up. I don't care. Raise your hand if nobody shook your hand. I'll come to you now and shake it. If that's what you need, I will come and do it. If that's all that it takes, if that's the excuse, if that's the whispering lie that you've allowed that fugitive to tell you, let's settle it right now. Let's settle it today. You better say, "Brother Joe, I've got my life. I'm young. I've got my whole life ahead of me." Settle it today. Your day could end today. You may have lived the rest of your life when you eating that biscuit this morning. Think about it. Ham and eggs could have been your last meal. Cup of coffee, an expensive cup of coffee at that from Starbucks may have been your last drink. That's real. That's reality. Yeah. Harboring a fugitive. Being a fugitive can lead to serious legal consequences, including additional charges for fleeing, potential loss of of rights, like the right to appeal, and harsher sentences. I'm here to let the devil know because of what you've done, you don't have a right to appeal. Amen. You don't have a right to claim your case. You don't even have a right to speak. So, I'm saying today, shut up, devil. And that's what you have to do today is shut the devil down. Go ahead and call 911. He's in my house. Father, I need you to come and get him. I'm calling 911. Calling Jesus on the scene. Don't be afraid to pick up that phone and call him. If you call on Jesus, he will answer prayer. That's what the old saints used to sing long ago. Yeah. If you call on him, he will be there. Amen. Cuz I I I came across this just the other day, and you may be familiar with, maybe even read it and may have heard it before, but you can't ask God to heal you and then stay loyal to what's killing you. Say amen right there. You can't ask God to deliver you. You can't ask God to take something away. And then you remain loyal to that very thing that's killing you over and over and over. He's come to steal. He's come to kill. And he's come to destroy. But yet you're saying, "God, deliver me." We get so scrupled up, saints. Today is your day of salvation. I don't know who you are. I don't know where you are. I don't know what's going on. But today is your Some of you sanctified folks should be behind me. I am ready to get out of here. Brother JD, I'm ready to go. And we're not going till that last one is in. Where are they? What am I doing to try to find them? What are you doing to try to find them? James 4:7 says it simply this way. Submit yourselves therefore to God. Amen. Period. But that's not all. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. Amen. How simple is that? That word resist means to set oneself against. I don't need to call the pastor. It doesn't say submit yourself to God and call brother Donnie. Call mama. Call daddy. It says submit yourself therefore to God. Resist. Set yourself against the ws of the enemy. You set your you roll the stone away. He said, "Brother Joel, I'm tired. I'm weary." You still roll that stone away. You resist the devil. And the word of God says he will flee from you. That either means what it said, Brother Keith, or it doesn't. That's right. You're either going to believe it or you're or you won't. My He has come to steal, kill, and destroy. the message of the resurrection. The prophet says that that that there's a good oldfashioned Holy Ghost sent revival men back to believing the word of God that God will take care of us like he did in the days of old. God will do exactly what he said he would do. He's more than able. Even if you're standing in the way, he's still more than able. Setting up a a a wall of resistance, he's still more than able. M that God will take care of us like he did in the days of old. He will take care of us today. Do you believe that God will take care of us? What we need today is another refilling. Yeah. Another like the disciples. Some of you trying to test an Watch this. Some of you trying to test an experience or trust it that they had 10 years ago. Some of you trying to test and use an experience of what you got last Sunday. H prophet goes on to say that you had 10 years ago. That's all right. But what about today? The disciples about 3 or 4 days after they received the Holy Ghost went back and got in one accord and began to pray again. You said, "Brother Joel, I've already prayed about that time and time again." Well, pray again. Yes. Huh? Oh my. You get away from all this here. Dignity. This big fine fancy church. Finally. I'm so glad we got a big fancy church. I can prove to you that dignity, the devil is the papy of every bit of it. Oh my. So you putting so much confidence and so much whatever in the in the new building. He's saying the devil's the papy of your inspiration. So brother Fred, where does that put us? and everything than what Michael had. He went over and set him up a kingdom. And that's what polluted heaven. See, if he stayed there and God kicked him out, he's been def dignifying the church ever since. It's the truth. God doesn't dwell in dignities. He dwells in simple, sincere hearts. Amen. Harboring a fugitive, a prisoner in your own home. While he's camped out, eating your food, taking your time, what's happening to you? You're getting weaker and weaker and weaker and he's getting stronger. Harboring of fugitive saints. The call. The call today is just as it was then. You stay with that word. Stay behind that word, Eve. Stay behind that word. That's your protection. That's your defense. Watch that word because the word contains mysteries that only the initiated are going to understand. The word contains mysteries that only the initiated is going to know. Matthew 13, Jesus had began talking to a group of people and he began to talk about the the the parable of the swer and he would talk in parables as as we know and the the disciples get with him later and they begin to question him about that. So Jesus tells his disciples and Jesus is telling you today he said it this way if I can place it this way forgive me for a moment. Jesus said, "I have gifted you. I have given you an understanding of the mysteries of the kingdom. I've handed you this gift to where you can understand the mysteries of the kingdom." He says, he goes on to say, "I've confided in you these things to you because you have been initiated into the kingdom." You are not just ordinary mortals. Somebody should have said amen. In fact, the whole church should have said amen. So, but Joy, you trying to pull amens out? No. You, if that don't fit the way you feel, then sit there and look at me. But I'm going on with Jesus. We've been given this priceless gift because we are not just ordinary mortals. What did the prophet say? I no longer call you church, but I call you what? bride. That's a particular significant designation far beyond anything that church signifies. So keep your eyes on the word. I always think when I when I think along these lines, I think about Elijah, Elijah and Elisha watching that word, keeping his eyes on that word. Every time that that Elijah would tell Elijah, "You stay right here. Stay right here. I'm going to Jordan. I'm going I'm I'm I'm going uh here, going there, going to Jericho, going to Jordan. Every time he would try to get him to stay right there, he said, "No, no, no, no, no. As long as I'm living, as long as God is living, all of these things, I'm still going to follow you. I'm going to stay right with that word." There was something about that word that captivated Elisha's heart. That's right. It was so real to him. Why? because a mystery had he had been initiated into a mysterious kingdom. He didn't care what his friends were saying. In fact, each time they would come to these cities, Jericho, Jordan, all these all all these these different places, each time in Bethl, each time they would get there, the the Bible says the sons of the prophets would come out and say, "You you you know that this guy that you're following, he's going to die." What does what does he say? Yeah, I know it, but I'm still following that word. Right. And some of these little knuckleheads around this message today, the prophet has died. We know this. But they're expecting him to. They don't believe he's dead. Really? Huh? Nonsense. Tuck in your pocket. Do whatever you need to do with it. But the mystery became manifest to Elisha. He became initiated in the eternal being expressed in time. the mystery of the eternal being expressed in time. He caught a hold of that and he kept his eyes on that prophet because he had been given a promise and he believed the words of that prophet. And the evidence of the promise gave him both power and authority. Yeah. I know that's just a simple sentence, but it's a lot packed in that. It gave him power and authority because when it came time for him to go back down to the Jordan and cross back over, he took that mantle. And I just imagine him there when he goes up when when Elijah goes up that he's just there just, you know, he's seeing that mantle fall. He's just wanting to catch it. Wherever I need to be, whatever I need to do, whatever position I need to be in, I want to be where the glory is going to fall on me. I want to be where this manifested word is falling on me. I don't care about daddy. I don't care about mom. I don't care about my friends, but wherever this word is falling, Lord, please fall on me. I'm under expectation. I want this word. Now, somebody that's harboring a fugitive, they don't even come out of their house. The devil don't want you to be, that fugitive does not want you to be where the word is fallen. He don't want you to receive that word. He wants to keep you captive still. Everybody w raise their hands and worship the Lord. I don't understand that. I don't get it. I was at a funeral one time. Friend of my wife had passed away. We we went to the funeral. I think the guy he was Presbyterian. I don't remember what he was. He was confused. We'll just say that. And he was talking about he and his wife were were worship leaders at their church. and you know and and he he talked about how and he even when he was singing he raised his hands about like this and I thought you a worship leader and that's all you can do and so when I saw him talking to him after the service I told him he didn't know what I was up to I said raise your hands a minute he got him up like this I said ah you can get them a little higher Huh? It was in him. He just didn't know it. He just didn't have anybody to ask him the right questions. So, let me ask you the question. What are you going to do today with this salvation? What are you going to do with this word? When the word come to that little woman, the little Senician woman and she came and and and she she was coming to Jesus and we know Jesus called her a dog. If you look at that word, that word, it says that she came and she worshiped him. And that word just means that that that that kissing the hand or licking the hand of a dog like a dog does its master. So she came in a way that that signified who she was. But yet Jesus responded to her in the way that she came to him. If you think you're little, that's all you get. Huh? We've been called to a greater word, saints. Amen. You can be humble all day long if you want to, but I want to be wherever God has these blessings flowing and everything that he has for me. I want it all. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Come and fill me. So, if he if I'm going to come to Jesus today, I don't want to so much just come at him and worship in the way of a little dog. I want to come and worship him that that everything that I have is free for him to feel. Everything that I've got, I want him to have it. Because one day, this old voice is going to be silenced. If time ticks on, this voice will lose its strength and won't be able to to sing as hard, sing as loud and preach as loud and strong. But one day, one day, everything that I've given every my life for will come into fulfillment into its fullness. So I say, what about today? Harboring a fugitive, I've got to hurry. Amen. Luke 4:18, the spirit of the Lord is upon me because he has anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives and recovering of sight to the blind. To set at liberty them that are bruised, them to set at liberty those that are trapped in their house because they've been harboring a fugitive. This word has come today to set you free, to give you sight, to set you at liberty. That word bruise means to break, break in pieces, shatter, smite through. 1949, I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision. The the prophet, I'm going to just read real quick through some of these things that that some of the healing lines. If you bear with me just a moment, I'll be I'll be done shortly. That's a good place for an amen. I know y'all just being nice, y'all. Word of life, folk. I've been with you long enough to know y'all just being nice. Brother Donnie be back shortly. He'll be back after a while. But you you got to deal with this whole spare tire till he gets back. Little donut Joel Brown. I look funny. I may feel and be a little funny on the ride, but guess what? I'm going to get you there. You don't think about that old spare till you need it, huh? You pull it out the trunk, it's all covered in dirt and a lot of times it's still flat. Got to pump it up before you put it on. Amen. But the prophet begins to to speak to a man that's come through the line. He has a tumor in his back and he says because of the condition that he's in, it's causing him to be nervous and he's had this condition for 30 years. 30 years and begins to pray for him. He says, "Our heavenly father, we love you tonight and we believe that thou art now near to make whole our brother, breaking forth into the power of the enemy that has bound him and make him a new after practically all of his life. He's been bound by the power of the enemy harboring a fugitive. You've been bound practically all of your life with that thing, whatever that thing is." Wow. And this has been tested by many doctors and yet cannot help the man any. And he comes tonight, Father, to try his faith in thee, to try his faith. Try God's faith today. I'm just going to borrow some little thoughts, expressions as he's as he's using them. Thou knowest all things. How'd he do? You're a stranger to me also. I do not know you. Never seen you in my life. But God knows you. He knows all about you. Do you believe me to be his prophet? Well, if I be his prophet, then he will reveal your trouble like he did the woman at the well. You believe that? Now, just a moment. You've been in an awful condition of something. Some of you sitting here looking at me today. You've been in an awful condition of something. You've consulted. You can't even They can't even tell what's wrong with you. I see the doctor shake his head and say he couldn't understand. And y'all know how egotistical doctors can be, especially those cardiac guys, whatever that's for. And here's what it is. There's some kind of they're finding something about your urine. Isn't that right? Isn't that true? Isn't there pus or something got in the urine? Is that right? Yeah. And they can't tell where it's coming from. Come here, sister. Oh, God, be merciful. Satan, you might have hid from them doctors, but you can't hide from God. He knows right where you are. The word going forth today, harboring a fugitive. The word, he knows exactly where the devil is hiding. That's right. In fact, you know what room he's in. You know what which tile to pop out to get his attention. Is that right? Go to the seller the seller door. Are you hungry? Do you need something to eat? Harboring a fugitive. That snooker is going to take you down. His desire is to steal, to kill, and destroy you. We're calling 911. We're serving a warrant on the devil today. God knows right where you are. Come out of the woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Good evening, lady. You believe with all your heart you're trying, aren't you, sister? Yes, ma'am. Well, do not fear. You're s you're surprising yourself. There's been a time in your life where where you've been hindered. H where you you've had lots of trouble. You you've tried to have you've tried to have faith. You belong to the holiness people, the Pentecostal people or something. Isn't that right? I've seen you in the services where you're rejoicing and you're embarrassed. Watch this. And you're embarrassed sometimes when you're when you're you're trying. He's talking about suffering from tuberculosis. You cough a whole lot. And many times, watch this. Many times this fugitive in her home, many times you pretend that it's something else. her coughing a lot. She'll pretend it's something else instead of trying to admit that it's tubercular. Yeah. Well, honey, what's going on? What's wrong? Nothing. Yeah. Nothing. Nothing's wrong. You better admit that devil. Oh, what he's doing to you. You better find somebody to talk to. I know. Amen. It's just so old so Joel Brown harboring a fugitive and you're embarrassed sometimes you you you you cough a whole lot. Many times you pretend that it's something else instead of trying to admit that it's tubercular. You won't have to do that no more. Lady, this is going to be the hour for you to be healed. Come here. You believe me as God's servant. Almighty God, author of life, give grace to our sister tonight. Seeing her heart breaking down here. That thing was breaking down her heart. You're going back in there pulling out things in her life. Satan, I come in the representative name of Jesus Christ, the son of God. You've hid from doctor and all, but you can't hide from God. Amen. Amen. Almighty God, I've seen your light God testifying of his gifts flash around this woman. I believe that's the hour here of her healing sincerely and humbly. The spirit of God has moved in upon the woman. And oh Lord God, creator of heavens and earth and author of everlasting life. You said the prayer of praise shall save the sick and God shall raise them up. And oh, as I pray for the sick, I ask you, dear God, to move this tonight and heal this poor woman. May these headaches that's hurting her and bothering her and how, listen, how she's tried in every way that she could to get rid of it. You've tried and you've tried every which way to get rid of this thing. Today is the day of your salvation. I'm not here. here. I don't have the the gift, the discerning to tell talk about in your life. I'm not I'm not saying all of that. But what I'm saying is this. That word, this word is coming forth to let you know you don't have to stay in that condition. You don't have to harbor this fugitive any longer. That fugitive has broken the law. He's broken everything about this word that you can think imaginable. And he's in your house. It's time for him to go. H you've had some trouble too, haven't you? Ladies sitting there with a little red jacket on sitting right there. Doctors don't even know what's wrong with you. One says you got something wrong with your lungs and one says something wrong with your stomach. Isn't that right? They're all wrong. I'm not reading your mind, but you were sitting thinking about that then and wondering what would take place. Why don't you just raise up? Watch this. Why don't you just raise up and say, "Lord Jesus, I accept you as my healer." Amen. these conditions rumbling around in their mind, in their bodies, in their spirit, all of these things. All that you have to do today is just raise up within you and say, "Lord Jesus, help me." Amen. Cuz all of these things, you don't know what it is, and you've been here, and you've been there, done all of these things, and you've had all these tests, all of these probes. Why go to another doctor when you can receive healing today? Hallelujah. M I remember just a few weeks ago I was down in South Carolina and I I'd forgotten about it actually and and the sister I was talking to her after service and she was telling me, "Brother Joel, you know, when you was here last, she she was on oxygen. She had an oxygen tank with her." And again, I'd forgotten about I'd forgotten who she was and but she didn't have her oxygen tank anymore. And she was telling me had all these medications that she was no longer on. Why? Because she believed God. When the prayer was prayed, the hands of faith were laid upon our sister. She received what she believed that she could have. Amen. And it brought deliverance to her. She was no longer pulling a tank of oxygen to breathe. That's good. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Inner man. And now to obey his word, I lay my hands on yours. And in the name of Jesus Christ, the son of God, I loose this heart trouble as his representative. And now, Satan, you who've bound her and trying to take her to the grave yet aged. But our God doesn't look at age. And I come to serve a warrant on you as a representative of Calvary, as God's agent. And you cannot stay in this house any longer. You have to move out because it's the Holy Spirit, the detective of God who's here. And your secret places are revealed serving a war. That's what I want to do today. that fugitive that's in your home. I've come to serve a warrant. As a representative from God himself, I'm here to serve a war. There's somebody in your house. I'm here for the devil today. All right. My goodness. A resurrection. How can you expect to have a resurrection when there's been no death? If anybody ask you where I'm going, you sing that song and you worship is great. Anybody ask you where where are you going? I'm going up yonder, but you haven't died out to the things of the world. Right? Is that right? I came across something I want to share this with you just just just briefly. There was a a gentleman. He was an attorney. Um, and he's in the the the Guinnesses Book of Worlds Record is he's he had won the most successful lawyer. His name is uh uh Sir Lionel Luck. As a defense attorney, he won 245 murder trials in a row either before a jury or an on appeal. He died in 1997 97 at the age of 93 83 rather after a distinguished career. So he he he was success successful lawyer, one of the most successful lawyers. And so the the question was put to him, did Jesus really rise from the dead? And they knew if anybody through his skill and his success as being a an attorney would be able to answer that question. He came back in all of his his his his findings. He said it this way. He said, "I say unequivocally that the resurrection of Jesus Christ is so overwhelming that it compels acceptance by proof, which leaves absolutely no room for doubt." There you go. So then this gentleman by the name of Dr. Gary Habermas, he's a leading expert on the evidence of the resurrection. And we won't even open our Bible up and read about the resurrection. And here this guy, he's devoted his life to studying about the resurrection to find evidence of the resurrection. He says it this this way, but uh um uh is a leading expert on evidence of the resurrection and the author of the case of the resurrection of Jesus. He received his PhD those that matters. He received his PhD from a secular university on the resurrection. He wrote his dissertation on the resurrection. Several years ago, he had a two-day debate with Anthony Flu. Watch what this guy does, what he what he's all about. He's a leading atheist on the resurrection. Five independent judges heard the debate. Four of them after hearing the cases of both atheism and Christianity said the case for Christianity was the most compelling. And Habermas won the debate. And when Dr. Habermas was asked, why do you spend so much of your life studying the evidence of the resurrection of Jesus? He said this. This so stirred me. Brother Don talks about those little spells he about has in his basement. I about have me one. He said, "Every shred of evidence of the resurrection of Jesus Christ is also evidence of my eventual resurrection." And this was a God that does not believe what we believe. So every ounce of every speck of evidence that he could find proved to him was more evidence to him that he would eventually receive his resurrection. So we go into the article that I was reading goes into and talks about how Jesus dies. I said there can be no resurrection if there is no death because it's important to establish how the g gathering evidence of how Jesus died and and we just went through the season of of Easter. But happy Easter. I didn't get a chance to tell you then, but Easter is every day. So, how did Jesus die? After Jesus's trial, trial in which he was convicted of blasphemy because be because uh uh because he claimed to be God, he was sent to trial. Medical experts like Dr. Alexander Meatherall have studied the crucifixion from a medical perspective regarding what happened to Christ and others in the first century which when when they were foggged by a Roman centurion. Jesus was tied to a post harboring a fugitive. Now let me tell you the reason why you can be free today. Let me share these things with you. Tied to a post and beaten with a leather whip that had embedded in it sharp jagged pieces of sheetbone and balls of lead. The whip was brought down on his bare back, shoulders, and legs. First, the metal balls would create deep contusions and bruises which would then be broken open by later blows. The whip cut through the skin and there was profuse bleeding and in some cases the spine itself was exposed. Dr. Mether said Jesus's back would have been left hanging in ribbons. This one who gave his life. This one who went to Calvary. This one that we say we adore. This one that we sing about, that we worship, that we give our time and come and hear what the man of God has to say. Hanging in ribbons a mass of bleeding and torn tissue. Jesus would have been in serious to critical condition even before the crucifixion started. The Bible tells us Jesus wasn't able to carry his own cross to the crucifixion site. And now you know why. Even before he began the journey up that hill, he was at the point of death. Spikes 5 to seven inches long were first driven through his wrist. Harboring a fugitive. There's a large nerve that runs down your arm into your wrist. The spike that was driven through his wrist would have crushed the nerve. So intense was the pain of crucifixion. There was no word to describe the intensity of this pain. They had to invent a word to describe that pain. The word excruciating in Latin means out of the cross. So you say, "I was in excruciating pain." Oh no, you were not. I was in some pain the other day, but not like this. This one who gave his life. This one that's here today. This one that has come because you invited him. This one that decided to come because of your invitation to fill the room where you came. This this is what he did for you. Now Christ was hoisted vertically on the cross. Think about this. Your back is a bloody mass of tissue and you're scraping it up against the wood wood cross. You've got spikes in your feet and you push up to exhale. So there's a constant pushing up and down until exhaustion would set in. I won't read all of it. It just goes through several years ago. This this guy Gary Habermas um oh let's see. My goodness, I'm getting if the Romans wanted to hurry death, they would shatter the shin bones with a steel mallet. That of course meant you couldn't push up anymore. Your lungs would slowly fill with carbon dioxide and you would die. That's just what happened to the two thieves who were being crucified on either side of craw of of of Jesus. Medical evidence indicates that the spear was thrust between his ribs puncturing puncturing the sack surrounding his heart and the heart itself. Then four Roman experts who killed for a living declared officially that Jesus was dead. The truth is the truth is nobody came down from the cross alive in the first century. Not even Jesus Christ. The evidence of a resurrection is in a death. There was a song, a message song written years ago. If you're looking to rise, rise in the morning, you better get ready in the evening time. If you're looking for the voice, the voice of the resurrection, the voice is in the bride. Before you can receive that resurrection, you have to die out. Yeah. You have to give an opportunity for the authorities to come in and take that old booger captive. Today is the day of your salvation. Manifestation of the resurrection. Merciful father, watch this. As I stand with my hands laid upon the place that Satan has come to in the form of medical terms called TB, but thou can remove him, Father. Doctors may fail, but thou cannot fail. You can hide from the doctor, Satan, but you can't hide from God. You're exposed. Come out of the woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Leave her. May she be well. Blessings on you, sister. Go on your way in peace now. Rejoice and give Jesus Christ praise and glory is my prayer. Well, anything that Satan's put upon you as the musicians would come. Anything that Satan has put upon you in the way of sickness or whatever it is, every bornagain person has an abstract warrant, has a warrant from God. And the Holy Spirit is here to put any devil out. any devil. A devil of doubt, a devil of depression, a devil of suicide, a devil of discouragement, a devil of cancer. Amen. You have been given a warrant from God. Is that right? He was wounded for our transgressions, as we just read. In fact, he was more than wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, and what stripes they were, we are healed. But you've got to go over and take it. The path to salvation, the way to deliverance is so simple. We complicate it. We delay it by our apprehension. We think, "Well, I'll I'll do it Wednesday night or I'll do it Sunday." What about today? What about today? Why are you waiting? You've been You were raised in this church. You were raised around godly things. You were raised in a Christian environment. Mom and dad were sure to keep you in that environment. Keep you around those things. Freely give your life to Jesus Christ today. What is it? You've been given that warrant. That fugitive is in your home. There's no need for him to stay there. Amen. Right. In fact, he's wanting to give you himself more than you'll ever know. These are things I know that you know. But the simplicity of the gospel is the pulsation of who I am. I don't want to be such that I complicate it to where well you know God said and the prophet said and they may not even know anything about what a prophet said. But if I can take my life and express what the prophet said without even saying the prophet said then that that will change so much. I want to live that way around my wife, my kids, my friends, my co-workers, the people at Lowe's, and that god forsaken place of Walmart. Wherever I go, I want to be Jesus Christ. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Yes. Isn't he wonderful? How about it, friends? How long are you going to continue to hold on? How long are you going to allow that condition to keep you a prisoner in your own home to where you can't be you? The joy that you once had. Restore that, Lord. The joy of salvation, the joy of coming to church, the joy of reading your Bible, the joy of praying, the joy of just being joyful. Amen. We live in a dark age as we know and and and the hell has enlarged itself. We know these things. But if we are the light, then let's be the light. Yeah. Amen. Time after time, I went searching for peace in some void. I was trying to blame all my ills on this world I was in. [Music] surface relationships had used me till I was done in. And all the while someone was begging to free me from sin. Stand with me as we sing. He was there all all the time. He was there all the time waiting. in life. He was there. He's waiting for you. Won't you come and accept it? How about it? Never again. Sing it with me. Wo now. Never again will I go look for it's fake. It's just a [Music] farce. Now that I have the answer, my life is just starting to rise. Oh, sharing each day with him is like a cup of fresh fresh life. And oh what I miss because he's been right there where you left him waiting all the time. Sing it done to him. Oh, he was there all the time. He was [Music] there. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Isn't he wonderful? [Music] [Music] [Music] Wonderful, wonderful, [Music] wonderful isn't Jesus our Lord. Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard, what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus our Lord? Wonderful. Oh, isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus our Lord? Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus our Lord? Wonderful. Oh, isn't he [Music] wonderful, wonderful, wonderful isn't Jesus our Lord. Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded. God's word. Isn't Jesus our Lord wonderful? Oh, isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus our Lord? Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded in God's word. Is a Jesus our Lord. Wonderful. Yes. Is a He wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. [Music] Wonderful eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus our Lord wonderful? Oh, isn't he wonderful? Wonderful, wonderful isn't Jesus our Lord. Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard, watch, recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus our Lord wonderful? He's all I need. He's all I need. Oh Jesus is all I need. [Music] He's all I need. He's all I need. Oh Jesus is all I need. We worship him. We worship him. Oh, we worship our Lord. [Music] We worship him all. We worship him. Oh Jesus, he's all I need and he's all I need. He's all I need. Oh [Music] Jesus is all I [Music] need. He all I need. He all I need. Oh Jesus is all I need. Oh, he's all I need. He's all I need. Oh Jesus is all I need. He all I need. He all I need. Oh Jesus is all I [Music] need. Oh I would not be denied. No I would not be denied. Till when Jesus came and made me whole, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Till my Jesus came and made me whole, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Oh, till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. No, we will not be denied. Oh, we will not be denied till our Jesus comes and he makes us whole. We will not be denied. No, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. till Jesus came and made me whole. Would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied till my Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Till my Jesus came and made me whole, I would not be denied. Now, oh Satan said, your Lord is gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done. Christ our Lord is here. Oh, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied till my Jesus came and made me whole. Would not be denied. Lord, I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Till my Jesus came and made me whole would not be now. Oh happy day. Oh happy day when my Jesus was. When my Jesus washed, When my Jesus washed, he washed my sins away. Oh, what a happy day. Oh, happy day. Oh, happy day. When Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus wash, he washed my sins away. Wash my sins away. He taught me how to [Music] walk. Watch and pray. every day and every joy in him. Every day. Oh, every day it's a happy day. Oh, happy day. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus [Applause] washed, he washed my sins away. Oh, he washed my sins away. It's a happy day. Oh, happy day. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed, he washed my sins away. Oh, such a happy day. He taught me [Applause] how to [Music] watch, watch and pray every day. and every joy in it. Every day each and every day is a happy day. Oh, happy day. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed, he washed my sins away. Oh, he washed my sins away. It's a happy [Music] [Applause] day. Oh, happy day. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus [Music] wash, he washed my sins away. He washed my sins away. He taught me [Applause] how to walk. Watch and pray. every day and every joy in him. Every day each and every day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed. When my Jesus washed, he washed my sins away. Washed my sins away. And some glad morning when this life is over. I going to fly away or to a land on God's celestial shore. I fly away. Oh yes, I fly away. Oh, glory. I going to fly away in the morning when I die. Halleluah. By and by. I fly away. Oh, now just a few more weary days. And then I'm going to fly away. Oh, to a land where my joy shall never end. I fly away. Oh yes, I fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away now. When I die, hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away for just a few more weary days. And then I'm going to fly away. Oh, to a land where my joy shall never end. I fly away. Oh, now I fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away in the morning when I die. Halleluah. By and by fly away. Oh yes. Fly away for glory. will fly away. Oh, when I die, hallelujah by I fly away. Oh, now just a few more weary days and [Music] then Hallelujah. Amen. Enjoy the word of the Lord this morning. Sing it as you go. We're going to fly away. Brother Joel, God bless you, buddy. We appreciate Brother Joel Brown, don't we? Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away. Service Wednesday night. God bless you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
