################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-01 - The Bride's Dowry Pt.2 - 10012025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-01
Title:   The Bride's Dowry Pt.2 - 10/01/2025
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKdlkw7lc_I
========================================

[Music] Okay. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] me giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. [Music] Oh, something keeps holding me. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. Let's stand tonight as we sing it to him. Guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Aren't you glad tonight? Oh, something keeps holding me. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Yes, it's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Oh, the trials of this world were getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge just giving over. All the strength within myself just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me every day. I see. Oh, he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Yes, it's a reality. Something keeps holding me. me to lay before me his temptation. It was his desire to steal away my faith. But I found just in time for revelation. Jesus is the strength I need to keep me in this race and in his grace. Something gives holy gra. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trust, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. This is the reality. Something keeps holding me. We'll sing that second verse again. Satan to lay before me his temp. It was his desire to steal away my faith. Oh, that I have found just in time for revelation. Jesus is the strength I need to keep me in his grave. Something keeps holding me for me. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Yes, it's your reality. Something keeps holding. Oh, let's sing it to him one more time. Yes. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. guiding me constantly constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Amen. Aren't you so glad tonight? Amen. Amen. It's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord this evening. You can be seated for a moment. We've got quite a few prayer requests uh this evening. Uh first an announcement everyone that'll be helping and working in the boo in a booth uh at the fall festival. There'll be a meeting Sunday morning after service in the gym. So remember that uh the meeting Sunday morning. Also, uh, the Bentons would like to welcome, uh, Sister, uh, Cynthia Soraniano from the Philippines here with us tonight as the wife of the late brother Royel Sor Soraniano uh, as precious pastor that worked with brother Jackie. Where would she be this evening? Right here, this give her a hand. Amen. Certainly good to have you in service with us tonight. Amen. Any other visitors with us tonight? Just like to welcome you to the service. Amen. and those that be streaming as well. Welcome uh those streamers to the service tonight as well. Uh want to remember James Price uh gentleman who helped us faithfully with uh uh relief efforts during Hurricane Helen. He's suffering from a torn rotator cuff. So we certainly want to remember uh James this evening. Also want to remember uh Chase Hughes asked for prayer for his for Jim Hughes. Also, Ladonna Hughes just asked for prayers for all of this family tonight. So, we certainly want to lift him up before the Lord in prayer, those needs. But Tyler Gagnon asked us to remember a brother and sister uh Katamboo, I believe is the name, from Spoken Word Tabernacle in Maine. Uh baby was born very early, had to undergo surgery right after birth last night. Uh baby is now in critical condition with oxygen levels only at 10%. They're just asking the saints to join with them and believe for a miracle for that child. So, we want to remember that request tonight. Brother Randy Scott said, "I uh sent a request. I know I've asked for prayer a couple of times for this, but he's still suffering with aphib. Been for the past couple of weeks just trying to figure it out." Says it's really wearing him down, getting very frustrated. Just appreciates the continued prayers tonight. So, we certainly want to continue to lift our brother up before the Lord and pray for some relief for him. Uh Charity Willis had emailed the sister Charity emailed the library. Want a member of the Burchette family. Uh please keep Rita Burchett from Kentucky in your prayers. I've been facing many health challenges is now in the hospital as her kidneys are shutting down asking for the Lord for his healing touch for strength and comfort for her during this time. Amen. God bless you. I want to remember uh Sister Ruth Ruth Louise Jax called with urgent prayer request uh for her daughter Elizabeth. Please pray for God to move on her behalf concerning the situation that she's facing. We'll remember that need tonight. Uh Sister Elizabeth wanted to turn in a testimony. Uh Sister Elizabeth Gail from Alabama called back in June requesting prayer for her mom regarding a CT scan and another test. Both have came back good and wants to thank everyone for their prayers and for God's tender hand of mercy. It says also she'd like to request prayer tonight for her mother. Has been undergoing a constant attack from the devil with health problems one after another. Also, she's seeking a flexible job that she'd be able to care for her mom better. Amen. So, we certainly want to She's just trusting God that we'll move in her behalf. So, we certainly remember those two requests tonight. Amen. Want to remember just a prayer request turned in. Please pray for an unspoken prayer request. this concern concerns something coming up tomorrow. There's no name on that, but the Lord knows all about it tonight. Want to remember that need and please remember uh Sister Teresa Vest. She's home not feeling well this evening. Amen. So, we certainly want to remember her name her this evening in our prayers. Amen. How many has an eat upon your heart tonight? Amen. The Lord knows all about it. Brother, would you come this evening? Take us before the Lord in prayer. Amen. Let's just stand to our feet tonight. Amen. I'm so glad we serve a prayer answering God. Amen. We just have a a stack of future testimonies tonight. Keith, &gt;&gt; praise the Lord, everybody. &gt;&gt; I don't know about y'all, but I'm under expectation because I don't know what he'll do. It may be your night to get what you've needed for all those days, months, years. It may be mine. But let's open our hearts to him cuz he's got the answer. Heavenly Father, we love you so much. And here we are in your house. It was it's the highlight of my day, Lord, to come into your house and worship with the saints of God and to hear the gospel preached to us and power and demonstration, knowing that you have exceedingly abundantly whatever we can imagine. More than that, more than we can imagine, Lord, more healing, more testimonies, more faith, more strength, for you are the way maker. And father, we ask you to be with us in this service. Help us to pull on that gift that's in that man for what we have need of today that we can turn around and say God visited us with us tonight and we want to give praise and honor and it was very very much happy to be in the house of the Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing this song tonight when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that's going to be. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that as our brothers would come receive the evening offering at this time. Amen. I believe we can start rejoicing over on this side. We'll sing the wonderous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the manions bright and blessed. He'll prepare for us a place when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing and shout the victory. Oh, while we walk the pilgrim pathway, clouds will over spread the skies. But when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sign, when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Oh, let us then be true and faithful. Trust in serving every day. Just one glimpse of him in glory will the toss of life repay when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing and shout the victory. We'll go onward to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will behold. Soon the pearly gates will open. We will walk on streets of gold. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. That mean when we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory. Oh, when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We will sing and shout the victory. [Applause] My hope is in the Lord. &gt;&gt; My hope is in the Lord. Let's sing this little course tonight. I hope. Amen. Uh we've got three specials for you tonight. The uh little children's choir is going to sing for us. Amen. As they we'll sing this as they make their way. Brother Jackie's got a song for us tonight. Amen. And somebody else is singing tonight. The Davis wants it singing tonight. Amen. Getting a little old. Let's just sing this little course as they make their way up this evening. Oh, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and never more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. [Music] Oh my hope is in the Lord from this time on more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Oh, amen. You can be seated this evening. Amen. Give our singers a nice hand tonight. [Music] me together. &gt;&gt; You and me together &gt;&gt; in my mother's womb. &gt;&gt; in my mother's womb. You search me and know me. &gt;&gt; You search me and know me. &gt;&gt; You make all things new. &gt;&gt; You make all things new. Spirit in me. So that I can see by your hand. You created me so that I could be. [Applause] [Music] You are holy. [Music] You are good. Even in darkness, &gt;&gt; even in darkness, &gt;&gt; you will shine as day. &gt;&gt; You will shine as day. [Music] &gt;&gt; Guiding me in your &gt;&gt; Guiding me in your &gt;&gt; everlasting way. &gt;&gt; Everlasting way. You created me so that I can see was by your hand is [Applause] you. Oh, you are holy. You are [Music] by your hand. [Music] [Applause] You create me. [Music] You are holy. You are God. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Want my Lord to be satisfied with me. [Music] And maybe a little high but little bit lower. [Music] And this can be our testimony tonight. I believe we can all say that we want the Lord to be satisfied with us. Amen. It's a testimony. We want to hear him say, "Well done, good and faithful servant. Enter into the joy of the Lord." If you know the song, help us sing it, will you? My voice is not good tonight, but you you pray for us. Okay. God bless you. [Music] Maybe a little bit lower. Is it [Music] One glorious day Jesus came and made me whole a little bit higher. He's He so completely dissatisfied my soul. Now as I face life, dark trouble stories receive his smile will say he is satisfied with me. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my life to be what it has been. And when I come to that great eternity, [Music] his father will say he is satisfied with me. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my life to be what he has me. And when I come to that great eternity, [Music] his father will say he is satisfied with me. I'm satisfied with God's great redemption plan. I'm satisfied. It's sufficient for all men. I'm satisfied with his work on Calvary. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. Say, I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my love to be what it has to be. And when I come to that great eternity, I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I love this Lord. Give me strength. Give me courage. Make me whole. And I not lead some lost sheep unto the f. And I th afraid of move for thee. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. Sing it out. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my love to be what it has me. And when I come to that great eternity, his smile will say he is satisfied with me. One more time. I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. I want my life to be what it can be. And when I come to that great eternity, I want my Lord to be satisfied with me. God bless you, saints. We love you with the love of the Lord. Amen. [Applause] Be flat. [Music] When peace like a river [Music] attendeth my way. Oh, when sorrows like sea pillows rule. Oh, whatever my lot you have taught me to say. Even so, it is well with my soul. Though Satan should bit, though the trials should come. Oh, let this bless assurance control. All that Christ has regarded my helpless estate and has shed his own blood for my soul. Oh, it is well [Music] with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Oh my sin, oh the bliss of this glorious thought. My sin not in part but the whole [Music] his nailed to the cross and I bear it no more. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Yes, it is well [Music] with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. And Lord, haste the day when our face shall be sight. All the skies be wrote back like a scroll. [Music] All the trump shall resound and my Lord shall descend even so it is well with my soul. Yes, it is well [Music] with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Yes. Bless it is well. Oh with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. How blessed we are tonight. &gt;&gt; If we can say that and it's the truth. &gt;&gt; A lot of people say it, but when it comes right down to it, it ain't so. But if we can say that and it is a reality, we are one blessed human being. Amen. &gt;&gt; If you're so broke you ain't got two nickels to rub together. If you had to hitchhike to church, you're not sure how you going to pay any of bills, but you're saved tonight and you love God with all your heart, you're one of the most blessed human beings that's ever set foot on this earth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Isn't it wonderful to be together in the house of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. What a privilege it is for us. Let's turn to Genesis chapter 24 tonight if you would. Verse 58. I want to speak to you again tonight, Lord willing, on the bride's dowy. Genesis 24:58. And they called Rebecca and said unto her, "What thou go with this man?" And she said, "Well, I better check with the overseer and see what the bishop has to say." And let me see if I can do a Google check on this guy. And let me check and see if there's any YouTube videos about him. &gt;&gt; No. Let me just ask you. If you've been living the days of John the Baptist, according to what God said in the book of Deuteronomy, the way you know a man know it's a prophet because he will see visions and what he says comes to pass. So if you lived in the days of John the Baptist and you were looking for prophecies that John said to come to pass before you believed he was a prophet, &gt;&gt; I wonder if you'd ever believed him. Huh? &gt;&gt; According to the Bible, prophets have got signs. &gt;&gt; John didn't have any. &gt;&gt; No miracles, &gt;&gt; no wonders, no healings. I'm sorry y'all didn't know that. How would you have known? So if you're going to judge it by the Torah, Leviticus, Deuteronomy, the Lord your God shall raise up a prophet. And then he goes from Christ and goes to the other prophets and tells how it'll be. So if they was going to judge it by that, how would they have ever known? Now you realize many of these folks today, there's been so many signs and wonders and miraculous things that have been done and they still don't believe. They'd sure been in a mess in the days of John the Baptist, wouldn't they? &gt;&gt; But the elect wouldn't &gt;&gt; cuz they believe. &gt;&gt; Now, notice what's going to happen. And they sent away Rebecca, their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. And they blessed Rebecca, and said unto her, "Thou art our sister. Be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them. And Rebecca arose and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man. And the servant took Rebecca, and went his way. Now remember when she left she would have taken her dowy from her father. It would be the gift from her family given to the bride by the father for her new life and also in this situation to make her journey as comfortable as possible on the back of a camel for 450 to 500 miles. So what do you reckon was in that diary? I reckon everything she needed for the journey. What do you reckon's in yours? &gt;&gt; Everything you need for your journey. &gt;&gt; Let's pray together. Lord Jesus, we so love you tonight. Father, we thank you for your word. We thank you for the opportunity, Lord, that once again been given to us that we could gather together in the house of God and sing and worship and hear prayer requests and hear of things that you've done in the lives of your children. Father, we just say we love you with all of our hearts. Dear God, we're just asking may our hearts, our souls, our lives be attuned to the gospel tonight that we can be blessed by our gathering together. And we know it's just Wednesday night. For some people, they just, well, you know, it's just Wednesday night. I don't know if I'll go or not. There probably won't be a lot happen. Oh, but Lord, that ain't the way we look at it. We look at it. They ain't no telling what's going to happen right here tonight. We're just opening our hearts and we're believing that you've got something special for us. So I pray that you would help us. Help me to get out of the way. Help the people to be able to get out of the way to lay aside their troubles, their problems, their issues. Lord, I believe if we can be able to get what you have before us tonight, we'll walk out of these doors a change people. Granted, I pray, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you, saints. Believers are given gifts. you may be seated by their father to equip them for this new life and in this case also for her journey because she's going to make quite a transition going from the land that she's known all of her life into a land into a people that she's never even met before marry a man she's never seen uh in-laws you don't even know anything about hardly other than just what this man has told her she's also changing rank and changing position. So she's coming from a person of low estate into a queen position. She's coming from a person who has been brought up under one set of scenarios and types of situations into a total different one. Moving from a family that is riddled with idolatry into a family which formerly was in idolatry but now is in a one God message. And they have peculiar ways of believing and very strange ideas of the concept and the ideology in that day. Anyway, you understand that Abraham was one of the first men in this period of time that monotheism monotheism believing one God that monotheism was revealed to him. How odd and strange it must have been in that day. And yet this woman is now remember she's not 30. Not 35, 40, 45, 16 years old. 16y old girl and she's fixing to have her life totally transformed by following this man. And she don't get 7 days, 10 days, 14 days. As a matter of fact, she gets just a few hours from the time that she meets this man until she's going to be faced with this decision. But you see, it's not really that hard when an angel of God comes and ministers to you. Now, how is it that Eleazar could have such confidence that God was going to do this? Because his master Abraham told him, "The angel of God will go before you." So, he could go with all assurance. I imagine that the man had great revelation and faith and believing that the angel of God would go. there. Is it a strange thing then to us that God in this day would send an angel to our prophet whenever he himself was going to face one of the greatest challenges that any man had ever faced. The Pentecostal message had died down. The Pentecostal revival had died down and withered. People had lost interest. And God is going to send a man not to restore back to 1906, but to 33 AD. And what did God do? He didn't give him a Harvard education. He didn't send it to Bob Jones. But God sent him an angel with a message. And the angel would appear to him in such a shocking way. Now, God has angelic visitations all down through time. And some of them were visible. And some of them were more prominent and visible than others. So you can imagine you're there and you're praying and before you you hear footsteps and you look from where you're down on your face and you see the foot the feet of of this angel of God. You hear this voice because you're there because your brothers, your elders have told you that these visions and dreams are of the devil. And this being is stand before you and tell you I have been sent from the presence of almighty God to tell you about your peculiar birth and so on and so on. Sir, that's why I'm here. That's why I'm here. And this man stands before him and speaks to him. Why? Not just for him, but for you. So you'd be able to have confidence and know that this man was not sin. So that people would say, "Oh, what a great man he was." And boy, he had a great ministry. And boy, he was really, really anointed of God. But so that you and I would be able to look back and realize when has there ever been another that was quite appeared to in this same scenario. And the church said, "So I really don't care how many YouTube videos they put out, the denters that have left the message and all of those that are trying to disprove that our land isn't real. I say the same thing to them that was said in Numbers chapter 13. We are well able to take our inheritance. Let us go up right now and take what is ours. Now, it's not for everybody. And apparently, it's not for those that even sat around the message for years and years and really wasted a lot of years of their life. It may not be for them, but it's for me. I believe there's other people here tonight that is for you. Eleazar was not sent into that land for everybody. And the prophet of God describes it very well in decision time in 1959. Preaches it of course in Chicago, Los Angeles. Preaches it again in 55 also in 56. And he talks about that it had come at such a time as this that the angel of God made himself real to Rebecca. So she did have an advantage with an angelic visitation that would drop something in her soul that everybody else in that land simply did not have. I trust it's happened to us the same way. &gt;&gt; Now looking at what type of a dowy that our father gave to us. Now remember, it's for our journey in present tense, but it also ties us from time into eternity. Now remember, part of it was revealed in shadows and types of the New Testament. But the mystery, the hard secret of it all was actually kept until the New Testament. Read with me if you would in Ephesians chapter 3:9. And Paul said to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God who created all things by Jesus Christ. I want you to notice he's the only man in the New Testament that used such divine vernacular. Not another man taught this way. Now, he was a smart man. I grant you that. But so was Luke. Luke knew several different languages. Luke studied under the Greeks. Luke studied under the Stoics. Luke studied under several different ones. But yet, he never talked the way Paul did. Paul was not just smart, but he had a divine inspiration from God. And Paul is sure going to share with the dispensation that was given to him. Now remember, every man that is called of God to preach is given a portion of the dispensation of the gospel. Now you remember when CO was around and we set up the little machines everywhere and we had a little hand dispensers and everybody would stand there depending on how scared you of of CO. Some people would stand there and get a squirt and another squirt, another squirt. Some people nearly took a bath in it, I reckon. Why? because they wanted to dispense enough to cover all their germs. Well, some preachers, God gives them just a little bit of dispensation of the gospel. They can preach salvation. They can preach the cross. They can preach, you know, a justified life. Others, God dispenses a couple of dispensations to them. They're able to lead people to the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, which is a real great thing for a servant of God to do. Others are able to break into the mystery of God about different aspects. But a prophet messenger to the church age. It's like he stands there and for years God dispenses, dispenses, dispenses, dispenses. He breaks into the avenue of God that even other God called men sat there and they think, "My goodness, what a gift from God." And this is the way it was with Paul. Now notice he said he make all men see what is the fellowship of the mysteries. So there is a fellowship which is coia coia pulled together with an understanding a coia of the mystery. Now notice so it moves beyond the cross. It moves beyond water baptism. It moves beyond just being saved and into a fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world. Notice has been hid in God. Now think how great this is. In the heart of God in his great divine counsel was the covenant which was even hid from the angels. God never let the angels know what was in his mind. It was kept a secret. The types of the Old Testament could only foreshadow it a little bit. Now remember, I'm talking about your diary. So in his heart was hid this secret and his heart was the source of the gospel. His heart was the source of this great divine mystery. So it expresses the the richness and the great value of what God had hid and himself. Now notice it also displays safety as well as secrecy. So it was hid in the very heart of God. Now God could write certain things in the stars and he did and he wrote many many patterns and styles in the stars and he declared his mercy and his forgiveness in the heavens and he put it in the zodiac. But even in the zodiac it was not written clear. Why? Because it was still in the most safe place that this mystery could be held which was in the heart of God. &gt;&gt; Now this signified safety. Excuse me. excuse me, safety as well as secrecy. So it was hid from Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Zephaniah, Malachi, Zachchariah. It was hid even from the four writers of the four gospels in the New Testament. But it was revealed to one that was born out of season, one that probably some of us would have never even chosen because of the type of man that he was. Now watch Paul as he says that to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world. So from the beginning of the world. So notice when this sequence moved into the very heart of God from the beginning of the world. But remember the prophet tells us that way back before the foundation of the world it was in the back part of God's mind. So watch the revelation as it moves in the faculty of God as it will move from one spot to another. Thoughts can be in your mind and can be there and remain there forever without a manifestation. But when God wanted to bring this from his mind, where did he move it to? Not to his mouth, not to his hands. Remember, he's spirit, not to his feet. He's spirit. So where did it go to? The very heart of God. And what was Jesus? The very heart of God. So in the heart of God was the council, the covenant, the safe place, the mysterious part of redemption, which shows that the original and source of the gospel being expressed come from the very heart of God. Now notice in verse 10 that he says to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers and heavenly places might be known by the church to the intent that now unto the principalities which is the first in order of succession. principalities and powers in heavenly places might be made known. Not by cherubams, not by seraphims, not by zoos. But God would declare the secret which was in his heart. Not by divine beings which did not have a creation in time. Not by divine beings which never fail. But he would manifold of man his manifold grace and mystery variegated ways of wisdom through what? something that would seem so weak and so frail and it didn't even manifest it through the stars. Oh my. You know, as if they've sent it up the James Web telescope and they're finding out more and more and more about all that's out there and they say they're going to have to totally rewrite some of the books on science and they're going to have to totally change some of their theories because of stuff that they are finding. And they keep going out and out and farther out. And the farther they go, the more they see. And yet they're not even reading the very heart of God yet because the heart of God was not displayed there. That's great. I'm not saying that it isn't great. Now, but notice he uses the word to the intent. So the sense is for design and purpose. For the design and purpose that now unto the principalities. So the grand purpose in the creation of the universe was that the wisdom of God might be displayed why and his greatness and show even in the planets. So as we look out on this in the clear night and we see the what is called the luminosity of different stars and according to the metallergical core that's on the inside how much copper how much iron how much this and that each one of them are rated by a certain luminosity and the the greater the luminosity the smaller the number. So they look out there and they're able to judge it and sound these beams off of it and it comes back and they're able to tell how big that it is. So you look and you see they're not all the same. They vary in size. They vary in color. And then they go to this gaseous section inside the universe where stars are are coming to burst. And even now stars are still coming to the birth and the universe is still ongoing and expanding and God is still displaying himself. Yet that was not hid in the heart of God. He made it right there where people could look at it for years. Galileo looked at it back in the 1600s. Many men have looked at it in their primitive way of seeing it and yet they peered into it and looking at it still are and you can look at it every day of your life and still not know the intent of purpose of God to manifest his goodness by the church. Now think not by angelic beings not by stars not by the moon not by the sun but through the church. So he's showing to the principalities and powers. Oh my. That he would reveal himself through the church, by the church. You got to be kidding me, Lord. You would do that to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church, the manifold wisdom of God. So by the church the manifold wisdom of God will be put on display in a way the stars cannot touch it to the intent now that he says that principalities and powers in the heavenly places might be made known by the church the manifold wisdom of God. I love the meaning of this word much variegated marked with a great variety of colors of cloth or a painting much varied. So the manifold wisdom if of God is literally this means much variegated. It means the greatly diversified wisdom of God is going to be expressed through the mystery of the church. And yet people say, "Oh my, well, the church, you know, you know, really need to even go to church." They don't even realize. They don't even realize what they are missing by not coming to the house of God where the saints of God are gathered together. Now, right here tonight, you know, here we are sitting in this place. How many of there are of us? And yet what God can do in this service is greater than keeping over 29 septillion stars in the visible universe which is that number with 24 zeros at the end of it. And all the laws that they operate by, all the laws in botney life, all the laws in animal life, all the laws in reptilian life, all the laws that are in the universe, and all the laws that are working inside your body, all the lymphatics and all the systems that you have in your body, and all that is great and magnificent and wonderful. And yet, the way God looks at it, the church is the greatest work of everything he's ever done. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And in the church, he would use variegated ways, many ways. So, it's like a great artist. And he doesn't just say, you know, how some of this modern art is. And Carol and I will go walking through DJ Maxx sometimes and just look there and I'm sitting there looking at it. And I I'll tell you how how great of an artist than I am. Whenever I was doing art class in school, my art and and everything that I did was in such bad shape, my art teacher would laugh. So that kind of tells you what kind of artist something. So I uh the other day we were somewhere and I told her I said you know what I mean it looked like somebody just took a can or something and went like that and then they took another jar and went this way and that way and they call that art. And I told her, I said, "I believe I could do some of that stuff cuz I look like that sometimes when I come in." That's where I've been painting. But yet God in his great artwork, so he has this color and that color and this design and this shape and this line and this spherical design and it has trapezoids and he has rectangles and he has squares and he has circles. He has half-D domes, he has commas, he has periods, he has semicolons, he has all this and then he has all this display of light and he has all this that shines from the light upon the colors. And then you look and said, "Oh my goodness, look at all them colors. Look at all that magnificent something there." And God said, and they said, "God, what do you call this work? Is it called the universe? Is it called this?" No, this work is called the church. And I say, "Really? You mean the people that the people that I work with, some of them that that I work with that I think is really weird and strange. You mean that that's part of that work there, the people that believe them strange things and dress different and act different from the world. And you mean that that is the greatest? Yes. This is my greatest masterpiece of all. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it came of the outpouring out of this masterpiece here. This is my original begotten son masterpiece. And out of that he actually gave birth to this masterpiece here which is variegated down through seven dispensations and church ages. There are black, they are white, they're Japanese or Chinese, there's aboriginals, there's all types of people around the world. There's some that they're real calm, some that's more fiery. They got this and that. And yet every one of them pull on my grace and my mercy. Each one of them will pull out of me something that the stars could never meet. &gt;&gt; You see, I needed them to give me a reason and purpose of being. &gt;&gt; Everybody take a deep breath now. So the wisdom of God is so diversified and so varied. So it's like variegating styles and shapes and patterns and colors and you've seen it before to where there somebody will show you something and you're looking at it and you can't see it at all and then they'll point it out to you and there's a man's face or this or that. You've seen those types of things, haven't you? And then once you see it, it's like you can't see anything else but that. Well, God hid the image of his bride inside such a place and a work of art and the world looks right at it and they say, "I I just don't see it. I just don't understand it." And they'll take their Baptist glass and their Methodist glass and Church of Christ and Church of God and Assembly of God, you know, whatever. And they're looking looking. I I I I just don't see it. I don't see it. And God said, "Can't you see that? It's as plain as the nose on my face, not theirs. It's a plain as the nose on my face. It's as plain as the shape of my eyes. It's as plain as the scars in my hand and the scars in my feet. Can't you see what it is?" And yet you look at say, "I see it. Glory to God. I see it." &gt;&gt; Others looking right at the same thing. You're looking say, "Are you crazy? You're out of your mind. You're under some spell. I don't doubt that we are the gospel, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, something got a hold of our heart. Amen. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. We wouldn't take nothing in this world for it because we believe that it's the truth. Now, this would event wisdom of God like nothing else. Watch again in Ephesians 3:11. And Paul said, according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord. the eternal purpose one not purposes purpose according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord. So this great truth concerning the church was not made manifest in Moses. It couldn't be displayed in Jeremiah. There's only one place of safety transfer by which this revelation could come and that was Jesus Christ. Oh my. To ignore this truth, he says, is to sin against the father's image. This is why that it's he considers it such a penalty for those who speak against his bride. For those who persecute her, there will be people that will wind up being lost because of their treatment to God's bride. &gt;&gt; When I was sick, you didn't visit me. When I was in prison, you didn't come see me. Lord, when didn't we do this? When you didn't do it to the least of these my brothers, you didn't do it to me. &gt;&gt; Why? They missed the picture. They missed the work, the greatest work of the artist himself. And a lot of it is hid in the mystery form of the variegated simplicity by which he reveals it and the people that he manifests it to. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Now, watch this. I love the way the prophet says this. in the future home. You see, you were made for an eternal purpose because you was the manifestation of an attribute that was in God that thought, oh, hallelujah, of you and expressed you and made a earth to take you out of. &gt;&gt; Do you realize you're not made for the earth? The earth was made to give you a body. &gt;&gt; Amen. The earth was made to give God a human body himself. It never had a permanent residence, a flesh body until Jesus come on the earth. And he said, "Out of this, I will take my body and from this I will redeem the rest of it." Now watch the thought that thought of you and expressed you and made an earth to take you out of and make you a human being and sin came along. notice and perverted his way. You come anyhow, but you was lost with the world. So he come and redeems you. The expressed attribute. Hallelujah. And also redeems the earth the same way. Then his purpose rolls on. Oh hallelujah. He said, see that does me so much good to think of what lays ahead. Who is Melzdc? Being eternal with him at the beginning, the eternal life that you had. His thought of you. Come on church, let's have meeting tonight. What do you say? His thought of what you was only he wanted me to stand in the pulpit. Say he wanted you to sit in the seat tonight. Then we are serving his eternal purpose. So you mean us coming to church and sitting in the house of God is serving God's eternal purpose? &gt;&gt; I just don't get it for those who said we don't need to meet no more. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. That's contrary to what Malachi 4 said. &gt;&gt; Now, you believe whatever you wish to believe. You don't think it's important, that's up to you. But remember, all these going to church quotes will meet you at that day. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. Notice now. Oh, hallelujah. And the only one that left home is the only one to come to serve his purpose. Is that right? All right. Then after it's finished, it's brought back in a glorified state. It's matured and brought back again. Now, hang on tight with me in this one. In the Ephesians church age, the church age book, God being a savior, it was necessary that he predestinate a man who would require salvation in order to give himself reason and purpose &gt;&gt; of being. I was the reason. &gt;&gt; His one only reason. &gt;&gt; He needed a reason, a purpose &gt;&gt; of being, the eternal. &gt;&gt; He needed a reason. Oh, what about it, church? Are you part of that reason? &gt;&gt; Amen. This is in your diary, little bride. &gt;&gt; Oh my. God being a savior. I'm going to read it again. All the rest of them devils that didn't pass out the first time. Maybe it'll hit him this time. It was necessary that he predestinate a man who would require salvation in order, hallelujah, in order to give himself reason and purpose of being. That is 100% correct. and multitudes of scripture bear it out as does the very pointed verse in Romans 11:36. For of him and through him and to him are all things to whom be glory forever. Amen. Man could not directly come and partake of that tree of life in the garden of Eden. Now listen, if there's anybody struggling with serpent sate, hopefully this will help you. That eternal life of the tree had to become flesh first. But before God could raise and save a sinner, he had to have a sinner &gt;&gt; to raise and save. &gt;&gt; Man had to fall. &gt;&gt; But God couldn't make him c fall and then reach down and pick him up and say, "Oh, now I'm a savior." But God made a way where he could and it would all be just. The fall which would be caused by Satan had to have flesh to make the fall. Satan had to come through flesh also. And but Satan could not come through human flesh to make the fall as would Christ come in human flesh to restore the fallen. &gt;&gt; He goes on down a few few lines in this paragraph. What God worked out here in the Garden of Eden was his predestinated plan. And when Satan had brought about that which was necessary to the purpose of God. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Did you hear that? I like to taunt you with that quote. When Satan brought about that which was necessary to the purpose of God. Oh, we think the devil is all powerful and he can do this and that and the other. He ain't got no power. Come on, somebody. The only weapon that the devil is God is to make you doubt your weapon. He ain't got power to do this. He's not omnipotent. He's not omnipresent. He doesn't have omniscience. He doesn't have any of that. And a lot of times he don't even know how victorious he is until we open our mouth and tell him, "Well, I'm so low. I'm down. I'm defeated. I'm this." Why don't you shut up that garbage? You ain't going to find that trash inside your diary, little bride. God wants you to talk like who you are. You are the queen of heaven. God wants you to talk like a redeemed person. You're not some piece of trash. You might have been before he found you, but you ain't tonight. Don't you tell me you ain't no cow. The Lord Jesus gave his life for you. Amen. I wish somebody would have church with me tonight. Don't you tell me you're worthless. That's a lie. &gt;&gt; I said that's a lie. Don't you come to me with that trash and nonsense. Don't you tell me you're worthless. He gave his life for you. Woo. &gt;&gt; And when Satan had brought about that which was necessary to the purpose of God, then man could not get to the tree of life in the garden. Certainly not. It wasn't time. Then there was to come a day when God would appear in flesh and by means of his humiliation, he would restore fallen man and make him a partaker of that life eternal. Once you see this, you can understand the serpent seed and know that it was no apple that he ate. It was degradation of humanity by intermingling the seed. And the church said, Amen. &gt;&gt; Some church 8, this choosing of the bride was purposed in himself. Ephesians 1:9 and in Romans 9:11, it says that the purpose of God according to election might stand. Well, glory to God, brother Donnie, I come from a free will Baptist background. Well, you need to get that background out of you. It ain't your free will. Come on, you might as well say amen to it. Your free will is not my free will. That's what's got me in so much trouble all of my life. Oh yeah, our free will. This you make an idol out of your free will. What you need to do is surrender your free will out of your stupidity into the will of God and say, "Lord, I've made an absolute mess out of my life. I've made so many stupid decisions and I've done this and that and the other and where God can lead you as a little lamb." Come on, church. We got too many goat natured people sitting around the church. Oh my. Jack Co, brother, brother Nathan Bryan sent me a quote. Jack Low and he's preaching it years ago back in the 50s. And he said the church, oh, he said, is getting so cold and indifferent. Ain't got the power of God no more. They've got to have chicken dinners and chicken suppers, he said. And they have to have ice cream suppers and they have to have sweet tea. And Jack Co went on to say, "And they're as dead as the chicken, cold as the ice cream, and watered down as the tea they're drinking." He said, "We need some people filled with the Holy Ghost." I say the same thing in the age we're living right now. We don't want a bunch of dead chicken cold ice cream, weak, sweet tea people. We want people filled with the Holy Ghost. People that still believe God's word. Hallelujah. Is the same that he has not changed. Amen. And we are part of that bride before the foundation of the world. And there is nothing in hell that can stop us. There is nothing on this earth that can stop us. We are his elected. That's what I find in my diary case. &gt;&gt; Woo! Praise the Lord. You can't read it in any other way. The heart purpose, the eternal purpose of God was to take a bride of his own choosing. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, how many of your brothers in here let your daddy pick out your wife? &gt;&gt; What about your mama? What about Uncle Ralph? Ain't Susie? Ain't him. You let your grandpa pick out your wife. What about grandma? Well, some of you men would be mad on a hornet if your daddy said, "You're marrying that girl." You say, "I don't like that girl. I don't care if you like her or not. You're marrying her." Yet, we'll tell God that. God, you got to marry this one. You got to marry that. No, he don't. He picks his own wife. &gt;&gt; Come on, brothers. I love my daddy and I love my mama, but I didn't want them telling me who I was going to live with the rest of my life. Amen. I wanted something inside of me to testify and it did. Thank the Lord. But that's the same way the Lord Jesus feels. Yet the church said, "You've got to marry this church. You've got to take that one. You got to marry this one. We don't care. We don't dress right and we don't do this that. But you got to marry us anyhow. I'm not sure who you think you're talking to, but you're not talking to my heavenly father." He picks who he wants to marry. Come on, somebody. He picks who he wants to live in that heavenly city with him through eternity. He ordains his prophets. He picks his own preachers. He picks his men that are ordained to preach the gospel. You and I don't get to do it on our own choosing. Amen. He was the one that chose it. Hell can't stop it. Hallelujah. The earth can't stop it. Organizations can't stop it. He chose his own bride. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He is the one who chooses them. Notice this. This purpose was in himself being eternal was decreed before the foundation of the world. Watch carefully now and see this. Before there was ever a speck of stardust. before God was God. God is an object of adoration and no one was there to worship him. So he was only at that time potentially God. &gt;&gt; Whoa. Boy, that blow theologian's mind, wouldn't it? Potentially God. Hallelujah. He wasn't even God yet cuz there was nothing to worship him. &gt;&gt; Oh my. So he was at that time only potentially God. He was known only as eternal spirit. &gt;&gt; The bride was already &gt;&gt; in his. The bride was already in his mind, existing in his thoughts. Now remember, not a body, but in his thoughts. If I was there in his thoughts, the body will come. &gt;&gt; The bride was already in his mind. Yes, she was. She was existing in his thoughts. And what about those thoughts of God? They are eternal. Are they not? &gt;&gt; Oh, you see, God did have a secret, but it's let out. &gt;&gt; It ain't a secret no more. Not to those who are in the mystery of the secret. Now watch again in Ephesians 3:12. Paul said, "In whom we have," notice now, bride, what you have. This is for your journey. In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him. Lord have mercy. What a verse. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have boldness &gt;&gt; and access with confidence by the faith of him, not faith in him. &gt;&gt; His own faith. &gt;&gt; If you're really saved tonight and filled with the Holy Ghost, you know how you got it? The Lord God dropped it into you his own faith and give you the ability to believe what you could not believe. &gt;&gt; Remember 1952, believe in God. The prophet said God spoke a word and God believed his own word and God and you will believe his own word. Even when the flesh says I don't understand it, I can't make no sense out of it. That don't matter. The faith of Jesus inside your soul will say amen to the promise of God. Amen. He's God. He cannot lie. In whom we have boldness. Look at this word boldness. Confidence. Freedom in speaking openly, frankly, free and fearless. Confidence. cheerful courage, boldness and assurance in whom we have boldness with access. Oh my, with access with confidence by the face of him. So the Lord Jesus is the way of our access. Our access. You see, it was Isaac's need for Rebecca is how Rebecca had access to ride the camel train back home. &gt;&gt; She would have had no access. There's all kinds of other girls there. There's all kinds of other women. They did not have access to the same power she had access to. Now, them camels brought all them gifts, but they had to have spare room now for her and for her maid girls going back with her. And she had access to ride that power back to the place it come from. Oh, hallelujah. Not to just say, "Glory to God, I feel it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Once in grace, always in grace." No. Rebecca had more than once in grace, always in grace. &gt;&gt; She had boldness with access into Isaac's presence, and he's going to take her into his mother's tent, and she would become his wife. So she had access to him and that opened the door where he would have access to her. I hope somebody's hearing me tonight. &gt;&gt; Don't you understand? The Lord Jesus don't have access to a lot of the church people friends. They won't even let him in their closet. They won't let him in their music library. They won't let him in the movies they watch. They watch all kinds of filth and trash and nonsense. Now Lord Jesus, you leave me alone. You saved me from hell, but you leave my entertainment alone. I'm going to do what I want to do now. If I'm going to drink a little bit every now and then, that's that's my issue. That that's up to me. But I want you to save me now. But the Lord Jesus wants access to every avenue of the bride's life. &gt;&gt; And if he wants it, he's going to get it. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; "So Christ is our way of access." So the father Abraham sends the servant on behalf of the son. The son's need opens up the door of access by which Rebecca can come down and fulfill this need. Now remember, his mother had been gone now for some time and he's needing that feminist part. He was living alone. He was living alone. There was no one that could console him. No one could comfort him. No one could come to him. Oh no, no doubt there was women all through there everywhere. But remember Abraham gave him the strict absolute restriction. Do not take a woman from the daughters amongst these people that I live in these denominations. &gt;&gt; Don't you do it. You go back to my people. Don't you understand, friends? That's what we're preaching for. We're trying to find his people. &gt;&gt; He found some in Johnson City. He's found some in Canada. He's found some in Japan. He's found some in, you know, all these other places. That's what ministers of the gospel are doing. They're trying to find his people. Well, praise God. &gt;&gt; Notice this now in Ephesians 3:13. Wherefore, I desire that you faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory. After he mentions these great mysterious things, now he brings in suffering and heartache. and difficulty. Why these deposits in the dowy was going to help them understand verse 13 the necessity of these things. I I'm going through all of this but it's for your all's glory. He said wherefore I desire that you faint not at my tribulations for you. Now notice, not just for the Lord Jesus, but Paul was going through much tribulation for the people of God. &gt;&gt; Why? He was an example. He was a leader and a leader that cannot be tried and go through basically hell on this earth. He ain't a God called leader in the first place. A preacher that's got to be babyed and petted and made over all the time and looking for the easy way out. That man need a bit more call than I'm a jack rabbit with with microphone on. &gt;&gt; If he's a God called man, he's ordained of God to suffer. If he's a God called man, he's ordained of God to fight hell. &gt;&gt; And he will do it. &gt;&gt; And he's not only doing it for the Lord Jesus, he's doing it for the people that he's called to minister to, whether it's a pastor, an evangelist, a teacher, whatever. And the church said, &gt;&gt; you see, our present conditions does not change our position or our inheritance. It only magnifies it in a greater sense. So remember now that Ephesians parallels Joshua. Remember the prophet said that over and over again that Ephesians parallels Joshua. So in Ephesians is some of the deepest mysteries of the church in the book of Ephesians. But also in the book of Ephesians are some of the words about tribulation and tests and trials. Why? It absolutely mirrored Joshua in the Old Testament. So the children are getting their land, but they're fighting for absolutely every inch of the ground they get. &gt;&gt; God's got all these promises in your little case, little bride, with all your dowy promises, but you'll fight for every inch you get in the kingdom of God. Not only that, but after you get it, you'll fight to keep what you fought to get. Come on, somebody. So you say, "Well, when do I quit fighting? Whenever you die or whenever we're raptured, whichever comes first." Amen. Now, you know, this was a very, very difficult thing, no doubt, for them to process. But yet, he tells them, "Don't be discouraged." Even tells them not to faint. Don't don't don't faint. Because remember what Paul's at when he writes this Roman prison. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I stood there a few years ago. A cave, a hole down in the ground in the earth and a hole in the top where they drop his food and his water down. Now, how would that affect you if your church age messenger was thrown in prison? Would you still followed him? You imagine all the critics in that day? Oh, hey, I I hear your your your your church age messenger guy. I hear he's he's doing another term in prison. Uh what does this make now? Twice, three times that he's been in prison and he goes in and gets out. There's something there's something wrong with that man. You mark my words, I'm telling you there's something wrong with that man. One of these days he'll get killed and that'll prove to you ain't nothing other but the devil. That didn't prove it at all. Cut his head off. They believed he was a saint of God and we believe the same thing. &gt;&gt; But how would it have affected you in the first century if you would have been there and you got the latest update that Paul was in prison again? &gt;&gt; I mean, even when they would let Paul out and they assigned a prisoner or guard rather that would come and be chained to Paul. So when Paul would go eat breakfast, that guard was sitting at the table. When Paul would go to preach, that guard would stand up in the pullpit with him. &gt;&gt; He was chained. Oh my. What would you have thought? You to come to the service to hear this great man of God speak the word and this is your first time and hearing him and you, oh, you're so excited. Oh, I can't wait. And you look up there in the pulpit and there's two guys and one of them's a Roman. And you're saying, "What's that guy? Is that an interpreter?" It's a Roman guard. What you mean to tell me this man is so sorry and low down that he's got to have a guard around with him everywhere he goes? What was it? The prisoner was chained. But you imagine Paul getting so excited every now and then he want to clap his hands he said let me have your hand. That old Roman would have to you know &gt;&gt; that's what you need to do sometime to that Roman you're chained to &gt;&gt; cuz every one of us tonight have got a Roman. But the part difficult part about it is he looks just like you or she does. Looks just like you. It'll tell you you've worked hard today. You're too tired to praise God. You prayed all these prayers and none of them have been answered. And that old Roman trying to whisper in your ear. It's that Romans in Romans chapter 7. That old man. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know I got in trouble years ago for preaching it that way, but that's exactly the way Paul taught it. That's the way God's prophet taught it. And I teach it the same way. But aren't you glad? Remember, it comes from the story of Mezantius written many, many years ago. And Mezantius was a tyrant of a king. And whenever he would go in and conquer a city or conquer a region, then he would command the prisoners to be taken and they would take a dead corpse and chain that to the living people and they were forbidden by law of death for you to take that off. You went to the grocery store, you pull this dead corpse around. You went wherever you went. You had this dead corpse that you were chained to a rotten, putrified stench. Nobody wouldn't want to be around you. Nobody wouldn't want to come and shake your hand. Why? Chained to a dead man. Open your eyes tonight. Word of life. Church, you and I are still chained to a dead man or a dead woman. &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. Oh, it don't have dominance cuz it ain't got life in it no more. But yet, it's there to haunt us. It's there sometime that it causing no stench in our nose and you'll make a mistake and mess up as much as you love God. And you think, God, how in the world could I do such a thing? Cuz you're chained to a dead man. Oh my. But Paul said, "Who shall deliver me from the body of this death?" But thanks be to God who giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, you see why some of you didn't clap your hands and some of them didn't clap very good cuz that Roman didn't want to clap. &gt;&gt; So, you was pulling on that Roman's hand. So, you just gave a little petite. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And that Roman said, "Don't raise my hand up. I ain't a believer. Don't you take my hand up." You imagine Paul getting excited. The preacher, well, glory to God. That Roman said, "Don't do that. I don't believe what you believe. I ain't no Christian. I don't believe this Christianity. Step Paul said, "I need your hand." Don't you understand? Your soul ain't got a hand. It needs yours. &gt;&gt; Amen. Your soul don't have lips to be able to speak out. Glory to God. So the soul says, "Donnie, can I borrow your mouth?" Amen. Donnie, can I borrow your hand? Donnie, can I borrow your feet? Or I can dance around a little bit tonight. But we're so chained and so wrapped up. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Uh, I can't I can't move. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Does everybody worship the Lord? Let me turn around so y'all can see me. Oh, I got wild tonight. I got wild in church. I batt in my eyes. I ain't had a spell like that since Moses cross the Red Sea. Take control of that Roman of yours. &gt;&gt; Let that Roman know what good oldfashioned Pentecostal hand clapping is all about. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Forget that little petite modern idea of all that stuff. You imagine Paul and Silas down in jail and Paul's saying, "Oh, Silas, what do you think about it, man? I don't know. This is pretty risky stuff. You think why to quit preaching? I'm thinking about coming off the field, ain't you? I'm thinking about resigning in my position. How you going to resign a call of a prophet of God? But they begin to sing and my the longer they sung, the happier they got to feel it. And God up there in heaven began to pound his foot in his head. Woo! Glory. Come on, boys. Praise me. Praise me. God loves for you to praise him when you're driving a new car. He loves for you to praise him when your bills are all paid. But I'll tell you what really moves his heart is when you praise him and it don't seem like you've got nothing to praise him for. But you raise your hands, you lift your voice, you go to church anyhow, and you let hell know where you stand. &gt;&gt; So he tells them, "Look, children, don't be troubled. I know it hurts your heart. You know, some of the believers would get to come down and look down that hole where he was Paul. Bless you, brother. So sorry you're having to go through this. You imagine looking, that's okay. That's okay. God's got a reason for it. You imagine what a place not sitting in a study, Harry. not sitting in an air conditioned room and write the book of Ephesians, &gt;&gt; but in a stinking Roman prison. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Having to use the bathroom where he slept &gt;&gt; in his own squalor and filth and they drop his own molded bread down from the top and laugh at him. Hey, you still got the victory? Yes, sir. I sure do. Have you? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Next day, same thing. Next day, same thing. Next day, same thing. Why? Oh, hallelujah. He brought that old prisoner in subjection to the new life &gt;&gt; on the inside. He was reconciled to it. &gt;&gt; God had dropped that in his heart. This is beneficial. for my children. Oh. Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Right. Yes. Yes. I'm good with it then. So, you haven't forgotten me? Of course not. You You still love me? You still care for me? Absolutely. &gt;&gt; But I prayed for so many nights for my own deliverance. I prayed for your children and seen them delivered of all kinds of things. And I prayed for my own deliverance and you haven't done it. Ephesians 3:14, "For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named." Wow. I mean, he's in a family way, ain't he? He's just talking about the family of God. And you'd think everything was fine. I wonder how he would even eat, friends. How would you even eat with your human refuge there and the stench and the squalor and the rats &gt;&gt; and the bugs of the darkness, the cockroaches running over your body, and we complain of what things we go through. &gt;&gt; God forgive us, bunch of babies. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now listen how he says of whom the whole family in heaven earth is named that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with mighty by his spirit in the inner man. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, this is not the smiley preacher sitting down in Houston &gt;&gt; with his multi-million dollar house and all of his cars and all of his swimming pools and all of his great fabulous stuff around him. But a man living in squalor and filth and yet talking about riches. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; According to the riches of his glory. according to the glorious abundance of his mercies. Can't y'all can't you saints see at Ephesus? It's not this current life. This is what he's trying to get them to see. What the diary look look for. They're fixing to face a journey. There's many more Christians outside the Roman jail. They're going to be burned at crosses. The mothers are going to have their babies ripped out of their belly and their brains dashed against rocks. They're going to need something to help them. &gt;&gt; He's filling their dowy chest &gt;&gt; and letting them know, children, it's not all about this life. &gt;&gt; It's not about how comfortable everything is and how good everything is. The riches are so wonderful, but many of them are yet to come. And yet he says, "I want you to be strengthened with might." I love the choice of words there. To be powerfully strengthened, that is to give you abundant strength to bear trials, to perform your duties, to glorify his name. Human power is unable to be able to achieve such a thing. But he said, "May the spirit of God by his spirit strengthen the inner man." This man has experienced this. &gt;&gt; And if you and I would have been one of the privileged few that would have been able to come down the steps in the Mormonine and went down to be able to send him, Brother Rob, we would have probably had to put a rag over our face to keep from getting sick and vomiting at the body odor of our church age messenger. God forgive us &gt;&gt; sometimes. Don't you just feel like a baby, a spoiled brat? &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Don't you love him tonight? &gt;&gt; Verse 17. That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith. that ye being rooted and grounded in love. Now, wait a minute. Why isn't he talking about the size of the rats and the stench and the smell and how that he got sick of his stomach trying to eat that crusty bread and all that he was going through and all that he went through and all that he gave up and all this and all that and all that. But instead of doing that, he mentions it, brother Benton. And then he goes on to give the bride what she needed for her journey. So instead of focusing on himself &gt;&gt; and focusing on on how hard it was that Christ may dwell on your hearts by faith, that ye been rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, length, depths, and height. strange word that he used here may be fully able breadth, length, depth, height, the full dimensions of the spiritual temple. Now remember where they were here, the first foundation level had been laid face. So the length, the breadth, the height. Notice what he's doing. He's declaring a building, the full dimensions of the spiritual temple, answering to the very cry of God. So then in full, when it would come to pass, it would reproduce again on the earth the very fullness of the Lord Jesus. Amen. and to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge that you might be filled now that he's described the dimensions that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. The immensity of such redeeming love. I wonder how how much he was hurting. You imagine that cold, damp place, Brother Rob, being in there and how it would affect his body, not being in the sunlight, vitamin C being low, ricketetts of course develop in a place like that. And on the occasion when they would bring him out, it take him forever for his eyes to be able to see cuz he couldn't see. And they lead him around out in the courtyard a little bit and say, "Hey, you. Ain't you the God that sees visions?" Where's that God you're talking about? Well, I guess he's forsaken you, huh? He's not the God of the dungeon. I guess he's a God up on that first level up there, but down below that level there, you're you're down. You ain't got no more power, have you? Why don't you smite me blind, you hypocrite? I wonder children how we're going to stand when we stand beside people like that at that day. &gt;&gt; I don't know about you, I feel like stopping and just making an altar call. May be the first one in the altar. Forgive us, Lord. You see, he wants them to understand there is a depth of love that the average believer would never enter into. to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge which is nosis. Science knowledge signifies in general intelligence understanding the general knowledge of Christian religion that you might be filled with the fullness of God. So the real love he wants them to comprehend is beyond science. &gt;&gt; Yeah. beyond what you can understand and figure out. Let me close. That you might be filled with the fullness that which has been filled. A ship in so much as it is filled manned with sailors, roarers, soldiers. in the New Testament, a body of believers as that which is filled with presence, power, agency, riches of God and of Christ. That which fills or with which a thing is filled of those things which a ship is filled, freight and merchandise, sailors, orsmen, soldiers. That's why there's not just one fold of ministry that ministers to the bride. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Some people want their pastor only. You're not fully loaded up yet. &gt;&gt; Some people only want the prophet. That's all I want to hear. They're not fully loaded up yet either. &gt;&gt; So, it takes sailors. It takes orsmen as it does in the body of God. And God said, "This is what I'm doing." Don't you understand? When he does it that way, when he does it that way, he'll take this certain man say, "Wow, man. I read that same scripture the other day. Where in the world did he get that at?" Viegated wisdom of God. I hear brother Tim preach sometimes, brother Ron Spencer, you know, brother brother Nathan Ericson and brother Wayne and oh my, some of these brothers that preach, I think, man alive, it's time for me to hang up my license and quit. You know, if I had license, it's time for me to quit. Where in the world did they get that at? From the variegated wisdom of God as it come from one avenue to another to another. &gt;&gt; And the wonderful thing about it is it ain't just limited to preachers. &gt;&gt; Sisters also tap into the variegated wisdom of God. And the way God would reach down and save a sister and someone would look at and say, "She'll never amount to nothing." But yet God turns that woman into a great daughter of God which displays an excellency of his grace that a preacher couldn't even touch. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Let's stand together. Praise be to God. Oh, praise the Lord Jesus. Thank you father. Thank you father. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, I want to ask you tonight, instead of pulling out your phone and spending so much time on Tik Tok and Netflix and Amazon and uh social media, all them things. I don't have any of them things. So, whatever they are, whatever you call them, I wonder if we wouldn't be better off to spend more time opening up the lid of our dowy box. and finding out the promises of ours. So, does Tik Tok has Tik Tok made any of y'all more spiritual? Anybody get the Holy Ghost by tick- tocking? What about healed? Devils cast out. &gt;&gt; I imagine folks have picked up some devils off some of that stuff. Amen. &gt;&gt; If the Lord Jesus felt like that Facebook, Tik Tok, Instagram, on and on and on and on and on would make us better people. Don't you think he would not have waited for 2,000 years before giving it? On the day of Pentecost, they would have tick- tockked each other and they would have Instagrammed each other and Paul would have had the dream about the Macedonian call and it would have simply been an email or a Tik Tok. But instead, it was a Macedonian that said, "Come over here. We need help." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They didn't need Facebook. They didn't need some message of this and that. They needed a man that could carry the seed. &gt;&gt; Oh, we believe in using those means. Yes, we believe in using those means. But remember, life does not pass through an email message. &gt;&gt; Life can only come through the body, &gt;&gt; a person that has life. And remember the prophet says, and I know it chokes people to death, but the greater works that Jesus said is imparting eternal life. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. How many wants to be more what the Lord Jesus wants of your life? young people, teenagers, 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, and 60s like us, and 70s like some of the rest of you, and 80s like some of the rest of you. Oh my, don't we want to give him more of of who we are? &gt;&gt; Let the variegated wisdom of God express himself through us. It may never be great. It may never be what somebody else. You don't want to be that. You want to simply be what Jesus wants you to be. &gt;&gt; What he thought of you is his perfect thought. It doesn't need a thing added to it or took away. As we bow our heads together, I wonder, is there anyone here tonight besides me that would like to be remembered in prayer that God would help you to feed more on what's yours as a child of God? Look, friends, those of you businessmen and business people, sure you have to operate your business. Sure you do. But it's sin. It is absolutely sin. When you sleep, your business, you eat your business, you drink your business, you're in church, you're still doing business, it is sin. Whatever you put before God is sin. And the prophet said, "Whatever you put before God is an idol. If it's your wife, if it's your mother, if it's your car, if it's your work, if it's your job." Remember a message that the Lord gave me to preach to you years and years ago at the old church on the bondage of time. Boy, if it was bondage all them years ago, how much more is it today? &gt;&gt; And we ain't got more time than what we had then. We got the same amount of time 24 hours in a day, but we got all these other things that's wanting our time. We need help, don't we, from the Lord to balance it all with our heads bowed. How many just by uplifting your hand, Lord, be mindful of me tonight. Father, forgive me, Lord, for wasting my time. Forgive me, Lord, for complaining hearing this tonight made me realize what Paul went through, what them saints went through. Oh Lord Jesus, I got both of mine up tonight. Father, help me. Lord, help me. Oh Jesus, as we as we ask you tonight, now we've heard these things and as James said, be you not forgetful hearers. That a person would walk into the place and see themsel in a mirror and then turn and walk away and forget what manner of person that they were. A lot of the people around the message are so educated now in the message. When I go to talk to them and counsel them, they tell me everything that they need to do. They tell me everything they need to stop and everything they need to start and every attitude they need to get rid of and the attitude they need to have. And boy, they can sit there and tell me all the right things and get up and walk out and don't do any of them. Lord, for many people, they're in a dangerous position because we've sat around this word for years and years and years. And as I hear from people all the time, Baptist preachers that stream our services, Pentecostals that stream our services because they're running out of things to preach. And I hear from them that you guys have more word in one service than we have in six months in our church. And as the prophet said, Lord, we're fat and sassy. So if a preacher misques a quote and leaves out an and or a the or a for, boy, we take a note of it and we're going to let him know it. And what good does it do if it don't manifest itself out of us and alive, Lord? But we thank you, Father. It will because we are part of your variegated wisdom on display, Lord. And even as Peter talked about that the angels that the angels look into when he talked about the Holy Ghost which things the angels look into and the word means to stoop down and peer and concentrate deeply. So the angels see your mercy to us and they see our failures and how we treat you and they see your mercies are endless and they see how we do you and they peer and look into it cuz they just don't understand it. how you would deal with us. and service after service, day after day, week after week, year after year, and they're trying to comprehend the wisdom, the love, the mercy of God cuz they can recall way back when when Satan preached his sermon in heaven and caused that split because he got tired of being the associate pastor in heaven. So he wanted his own church as we would say and he preached a sermon and those angels fell. Those angels remember what you did to those beings. You put them in chains of darkness. And yet they see your sons and your daughters week after week, day after day. They're so needy and they fall and they fail and they they they cry out for deliverance and and they mean it, Lord. And they see you out of your abundant mercy and forgiveness. Come running to them. Come running to them, Lord. And the angels look at it and they ponder and they wonder. Not only that, but father whenever we are gathered there. Hallelujah. The prophet tells us the angels of God will circle the earth with bowed heads as we bow our heads and lift our voices and sing amazing grace. How sweet the sound. And the angels of God by the multitudes which have never sinned, never said a bad word, never had a bad thought in their mind, their praises will be silenced by the redeemed bride. Hallelujah. No doubt it'll be somewhere about that time frame it'll start clicking to them. They will see the excitement that you have on the day of the rapture. The moment you arise from the mediatorial seat and you change your garments as it were, they will see your countenance as it changes. They will then see the theophanes released out from under your altar from the sixth dimension. Oh, glory to God. and they will know the hour has arrived. For they are now even since 1965, for 60 years in the way we measure time, they have been standing there breathlessly awaiting our arrival. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, we worship you tonight. My God. Thank you, Father. We don't want to take advantage or abuse grace, Lord. Never. Oh, Lord. We thank you for it. Hallelujah. We worship you tonight, Lord Jesus. We bless your holy name, Father. Oh, can we just love him a little bit now, saints? Just pull him, as it were, up close to you. Do something for him that the angels cannot do. Pull him over on your lap. Dear beloved, let him look into your eyes and let him describe you with his adjectives of love. I knew you before the world began. I don't think of you, my child, as a failed creature of humanity. But you are my bride. Before there was time, I loved you. Before there were angels, I wanted to give you myself. Before the horizontal rainbow come into existence and the horizon broke forth, you were in my heart purpose. I needed you to give me purpose, reason and purpose. I will never leave you, my love. I went to Calvary for you. I went to the regions of the lost for you and I raised with you and me that day. And I tell you, I'm coming soon. My beloved, my undefiled, the darling of my heart. I tell you, be encouraged. For it is you that I dream of. I will sing over you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you, Lord God. We magnify your name tonight, Lord Jesus. Let's just love him, children. Oh my. Let's just open our hearts to him. I trust you have a a secret place in you that's reserved for the Lord Jesus only. Because I can tell you he has one in him that is reserved for his bride only. He loves the church. Oh yes. And he even loves the world too. But he has a secret place in his being which is reserved for his elected. They were in that secret place before the celestial beings come into existence. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, we worship you tonight, Father. We bless your name, Lord. We lift our hands, Father, in your presence. And we say we love you. We adore you. We magnify you. Rose of Sharon, lily of the valley, bright and morning star, the great Adonai, Yahweh Elohim. Hallelujah. The I am that I am. Hallelujah, Jesus. Praise be to God. We worship you, Lord. Father, may each of us enter into this holy sanctum right now. It's not a feeling per se, but it's a presence. I hope, Lord, my church that you've sent me to lead. I hope before I leave this world, before I'm called out of my work or whatever it will be, I hope I can bring them to an understanding to know that there is a difference in feeling you and being in a presence which nearly takes our breaths away. And yet many times when we're in that presence, our flesh will feel absolutely nothing. But our being is so caught into another sphere that it's hard to describe how we'll feel it. But it's a lifechanging something. Oh, I love you, Jesus. I worship you. I praise you my king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Jesus. Hallelujah Jesus. Got something on your heart. Hallelujah. Jesus. I know what it's like. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus. because my life &gt;&gt; to be in the presence of the &gt;&gt; I bless your name. I worship you my God. &gt;&gt; And I know what time it is. &gt;&gt; Help me tonight, Jesus. Move on every heart. &gt;&gt; This time stood &gt;&gt; while we're in your presence. Change us, Lord. Take those commitments that we've made. would not have the strength to follow through. &gt;&gt; May we leave this place tonight with a renewed strength of restored. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we bless your name, oh most high because &gt;&gt; Abraham's breasted God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, &gt;&gt; Hagar's well, the well of him that sees. &gt;&gt; No one had to say, &gt;&gt; "Oh Jesus, see every need we have no. May you pass through this place, heal the sick, Father, &gt;&gt; may evil spirits &gt;&gt; lose their hold on your children, Father God. May the Holy Ghost give up everything. Oh Jesus, we praise you father for this treasure. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you my God. Never want it to end. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Yes. I say stay. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. Yes Lord God. Lord, I don't want you to go cuz my heart my heart is worthy [Music] in your presence Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus stay. Yes, Lord God, please stay Jesus till we're changed. Father, we don't want you to jo. Yes, Lord God, in your presence my soul. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. Oh, just love him, children. Love him with all your heart. &gt;&gt; I want more. I want more. I want more. Do you children? There's more for you if you want it. I want more. Jesus. Jesus. I want more. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh God we bless your name Father. Hallelujah. May the angels of God walk up and down these a father. pull on the strings of our heart. Lord God Jesus, I want more. [Music] Thank you, Lord. I say stay. I don't want you to go [Music] cuz my heart is my heart is your presence Lord [Music] Please stay. [Music] [Applause] I don't want you to go. My heart is burning [Music] in your presence, Lord. [Music] I want more. [Music] Oh, I want more. I want more. Oh Jesus, I want more. I want more. More of you, Jesus. I want more. I want more. We cry for more of you, Jesus. I want more. [Music] So I say stay. I don't want you to go cuz my heart is burning. My heart is burning in your presence. Lord, [Music] please stay. [Music] I worship you [Music] al mighty [Applause] God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise [Applause] for you are my righteousness. [Music] I worship [Music] you, oh mighty [Music] God. There is none like you. [Music] I worship you, [Music] oh mighty God. There is none like you. I worship you. Oh prince of peace. [Music] That is what I want to do. I give you praise [Applause] for you are my rightousness. [Music] I worship [Music] Oh God. Oh my Jacob. [Music] There is none. There is none like [Music] you. [Music] And I bowed on my knees and cried holy. [Music] I cried holy. I cried holy. Oh my clap. My hands sang gloryy hallelujah. I sang gloryy to the son. Let's sing that chorus together again everybody. Oh, we bow on our knees and cross. Oh, we do, Lord Jesus. Oh, the bride cries holy by grace we cry glory. I clap my hands and I sing glory. [Applause] I sang gloryy to the son of God. First verse. I dream of a city called gloryy. [Music] Oh, [Laughter] so bright and so fair. Thank you Jesus. When I enter the gates, I cried holy and the angels all made me there. Thank you, Lord. They carried me from mansion to manure and know such such a soul. Oh hallelujah. But I said, "I want to see my Jesus, for he's the one who died for us all." Let's sing it, church. Oh, I bow on my knees and oh hallelujah. Honest worshiping children. &gt;&gt; He deserves it. He's worthy of it. Oh, let the bride sing it now. We cry glory. I clap my hands. I say glory. Thank God. Oh, I sing glory to to the sun. Oh, everybody once again bow on my knees. Oh, I bow on my knees and cried holy. Let the bride singing. Oh, we say holy, holy, we cry holy our hands and s glory. We all sang gloryy to the son of God. [Music] Praise be to God. Hallelujah. We love you Lord God. We love you Lord God. We worship you tonight Jesus. Meetings like this, Lord, will suffice until we get to see you that day. These encourage us, they change us, they alter us, they modify us, Lord, and for that we're thankful. You give us just enough sometimes, and it makes us so hungry for more. But you know how to do that. Truly, your prophet told us this life was not intended to be easy. I think we can all say amen to that. No matter how much we get, what we do, and yet we know in the world when we ought to be so satisfied with this and that and the other, but there's a longing a craving something in us, Lord. And it's something this world cannot give us. It's you. Help us, Lord. As we leave this place tonight, may the spirit of God go with your children, Lord. Keep us safely. Bring us back Sunday if it'd be pleasing to you. Father, we worship you, Lord God, with all of our hearts. Amen. We worship you, Jesus. All right, let's sing together. How Great Thou Art. Can we just sing this before we go? Can you say, "It's been good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Oh Lord my God, [Music] when I in awe some wonder consider all the world thine hands have [Music] I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. I power throughout the universe [Music] display. I've seen rainbows all my life coming from Kentucky. Week before last on Sunday evening, Carol and I come up Interstate 81. We're going to take exit 57. which is 26. Coming to Johnson City, we see a rainbow in front of us. Little did either of us know that we were going to pass through that rainbow. So, we exit off on exit 57. And as we come up to make the tur the curve right around before you get to Eastern Star, you know what I'm talking about. You've come through there many times. The end of that rainbow was right on that exit, right in the ditch and right where our car was. And we passed right through those colors. And those colors hit our car and it was hitting us and hitting the road. And we just come through it just and we looked at one another and I said, "What just happened? Can you imagine what it's going to be one of these days? Now remember, none of you, none of you, some of you seen the double rainbow this week. Different people pass the picture around of a double rainbow. Beautiful. But you've only seen half of one. &gt;&gt; But one of these days when we get up to his throne, we'll finally see the other half. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Cuz the rainbow will be around &gt;&gt; his throne. The picture has come back full circle. So the artwork, it will take the artwork being gathered together around the throne before he gets the other half of the rainbow. Then sings my soul, my savior God. God bless you, saints. I love you, my goodness. How great thou are? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] How great. [Music] How great thou sings my soul. My Savior God to thee. Heat. Heat. Now my soul, my savior to thee. How great. How great thou are. Oh sings my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great Now, how great thou [Music] sings my soul, my savior to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Oh sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. Oh, how great thou [Music] sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
