################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - Godliness Pt.1 - 08312025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-31
Title:    Godliness Pt.1 - 08/31/2025
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5gm9dtki2w
========================================

Description:
08/31/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] I'm going far beyond the sky. [Music] I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring while I'm meeting this world goodbye. Oh, now I'm going to take a trip on the old gospel ship. I'm going far beyond the sky. Oh, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens rain when I'm this world goodbye. I have good news to bring. And that is why I sing. Amen. My joy with you. I'll share. I'm going to take a trip in that good old gospel ship and go sail it through. Praise the Lord. I want you to sing about it. Oh, I'm going to take a trip on the old gospel ship. I'm going far beyond the sky. I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens rain. While I need this world goodbye. Oh, I can scarcely wait. I won't have to be late. I'll spend my time in pray. And when the ship comes in, I'll leave this world of sin and go sailing through the air. Now I'm not going to take a trip in your gospel ship. I'm going far beyond the sky. I'm going to shout and sing glory till the heavens ring. &gt;&gt; Oh this world goodbye. &gt;&gt; Goodbye. Hallelujah. Oh, if you're ashamed of me, you have no cause to be. For with Christ, we are an air. You think about being an heir with Christ. &gt;&gt; If too much fault, you find. &gt;&gt; Glory. You'll surely be. &gt;&gt; You'll surely be left behind. while the bride goes sailing sailing through the air. &gt;&gt; Oh, sing that verse for me one more time. &gt;&gt; If you're ashamed of me, you have no cause to be. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. For with Christ [Music] I am an air. &gt;&gt; And if too much fault you'll find that's right. &gt;&gt; You'll surely be left behind. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; While we go sailing through. &gt;&gt; Aren't you looking forward to that trip? And I'm going to take a trip on the old gospel ship. I'm going far beyond the sky. Oh, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring while I'm hitting this world goodbye. Lord, now I'm going to take a trip on the old gospel ship. I'm going far beyond the sky. I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring. While I'm beating this world, this old world goodbye. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise if you love him this morning. Praise the Lord. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. We We're just so glad to have each and every one of you here. We had a wonderful time here Wednesday night. How many of you enjoyed Brother Daryl's message? &gt;&gt; Unshackled. Wasn't that wonder? That was wonderful, wasn't it? And we're just looking forward to what God would have for us today. I believe we're going to have Well, we're just going to have a big buffet today. And I believe you're going to enjoy every bit of it. Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him in the house of God this morning. Amen. What a privilege that it is to be serving the Lord in spirit and in truth. Amen. You can be seated. I've got several prayer requests, some thank you cards that we want to give plenty of attention to this morning. First of all, uh, Sister Jennifer Newsome and her family, uh, the Newsome family, they want to say thank you for, uh, so very much for all your prayers and support in this very difficult time in our lives. Know that no way that we could have done this alone. We will continue to trust God knowing he has a perfect plan for our lives. We sure love and appreciate all of you so very much. Love the Newsome family. Well, we want that family to know that we love them very much also. Right. Give them a good hand this morning if you will. And then we have a card from from Brother Don Cooper and the Cooper family. They just want to say thank you for your prayers, food, cards, phone calls, visits. Thank Word of Life, my church family to that helped me through this very sad time. Well, Brother Don, we want you to know we love you and your family as well. Give Brother Don a good hand this morning if you will. Praise the Lord. And we uh Sister Ruth McQueen, as you know, left us and had her service yesterday. We want Sister Teresa Sier and all that family to know that we love and appreciate them as well. So, we've had some that took a trip on that old gospel ship, but where they landed, they're they're tickled to death this morning. Amen. I believe that with all of my heart. Uh, Brother Terry Stockton is asking the church to remember him in prayer. He's hyperextended his knee, asking the Lord to touch him today as as we pray. Want to pray for the Wade, Sister Carol and Levi. Neither one are feeling well, so want to remember them in prayer today. Uh Kimberly Wiggins asking us to pray for Cindy Lily who has vertigo. So we want to remember her as we pray. Uh pray for Allison Compton uh suffering from diabetes. Richard Hughes sends that in. So we certainly want to remember that. I want to remember the Gravity family. Brother Bert's brother passed away. Remember that family in prayer. Brother Bert suffering from back pain and sister Barbara suffering from chest pain. So let's remember the gralies in prayer today. the Lord would be mindful of them. Sister Ruth Louise Jax wants to thank everyone for their prayers concerning a personal matter that she was dealing with. The Lord moved in that situation and it is greatly improved. Continue to remember her family in prayer. So, let's remember that today. Sister Linda Loris uh suffering from a sinus infection. I want to pray that the Lord would touch her and Adorene uh from Toronto, Canada said, "I would like to thank the whole church family for praying for my nephew Timothy uh Burham who is resided in Guyana. His laser surgery was successfully done. Thank you for your prayer." So, we thank the Lord for that testimony. And we remember got a text from Brother Rocky Ward just a while ago. We remember Sister Teresa in prayer. She's going to be having some medical tests done uh next week and they're just asking that we would pray for good results. So, we want to remember Teresa as we pray this morning. Uh Sister Bonnie Potter says to keep her grandchildren in prayer. Lance, Abby, and Cila have symptoms of stomach bugs. So, let's remember them as we pray today. And this announcement, the library will be closed on Monday, September the 1st in honor of Labor Day. All the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's tremendous needs in our group today. Could we stand together? Let's sing. Let's sing another verse of that. I'm going to take a trip on the old gospel ship. Oh, I can scarcely wait. I know I'll not be late. I'm going to spend all of my time in prayer, Brother John. And when this ship comes in, going to leave this world of sin and go sailing through the air. Oh, now I'm going to take you through. [Music] I'm going to shout and sing till the heavens ring. when I be this world goodbye. Amen. Looking forward to that time. Amen. I also want to remember our pastor and his wife. We think, well, he's just doing his job. He's just This is a stressful time for them, too. Just remember, keep them in prayer. We love him, Sister Carol. We love you. &gt;&gt; So, we just just keep praying. Amen. Let's go to the Lord. Heavenly Father, we so so much love you, Lord. We're so thankful to you, Lord Jesus. And Lord, it's so easy, Father, to walk into this atmosphere and praise you, Lord. And Lord, many people do that. But, Father, we believe the bride of Christ has a a praise about him all the time, Lord. And we're so thankful for that, Lord Jesus. Lord, the busyiness of life and the stresses and the the deaths and the the heartache and the pain. Lord, we thank you, Father, for helping us keep our eyes on you, Lord, and on the promise, Father. We're so in love with you, Lord. And we're so thankful, Father, for your comfort and your grace and your mercy, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we're thankful, Lord Jesus, that we can bring these needs to you boldly before your throne, Father. We don't have to be ashamed or shy or embarrassed about it, Lord, but we we bring them and lay them at your feet, Lord, knowing that you're the only one, Father, that can help us and heal us, Lord. And you saw each and every one of these requests, Lord. And we're asking that you would just move according to your will and your purpose, Lord. &gt;&gt; Those that need comfort, Father, we know that you're the comforter, Lord. Those that need healing, Lord, we know that you're the healer, Father. those that are in difficult situations. Lord, we know that you work all things out. Lord, we just love you. We thank you for it, Lord. And we pray that you would just move, Lord. Meet us according to our faith, Lord. We love you. We thank you for it, Lord, in this service today. We lift you up. We praise you for it, Lord. And we pray that that you would speak to each individual, Lord. We know we come as a congregational, Lord, but there are individual needs, Lord. And you've come time and time again and answered us, Lord. individually, Father, and we pray that you would do that again, Lord, as we worship and lift you up. We pray that you just be with us, Lord. We love you. We thank you, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother John. God bless you. Uhers, if you'd like to come at this time, we'll receive the morning tithe and offering you give us unto the Lord. If we have visitors with us today, we want to welcome you to the service. Trust you'll just receive a a blessing from being here today. all of our streamers locally and around the world. We want to say God bless all of those folks as well. Could we give all those people a good hand this morning if you will? &gt;&gt; We're going to sing this little song. Brother Harry corrected my mistake the other night and done such a good job. I want to ask him to correct it again this morning and start the song for us. It won't be long till we'll believe. &gt;&gt; Oh, I believe that with all of my heart, don't you? Oh, it won't be long. We'll be going home. No, it won't be long. Oh, it won't be long. Soon we'll be leaving here. It won't be long. It won't be long. &gt;&gt; Oh, we'll be going home. Count the years as months. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Count the months as we [Applause] count the weeks as days. &gt;&gt; Oh, we love you. &gt;&gt; Any day now. &gt;&gt; We love you, Lord. &gt;&gt; We'll be going home. Oh, sing it to him if you love him this morning. No, it won't be long. No, it won't be long. &gt;&gt; Soon we'll be leaving here. It won't be long. &gt;&gt; No, it won't be long. &gt;&gt; We'll be going home. And we shall be like him. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, we will. Singers, if you come on. &gt;&gt; We shall be like him. &gt;&gt; On that rapture morning, we shall be like him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Every day now. We be going. We'll be going home. And we shall be like him. &gt;&gt; By his blood and his grace, we shall be like him. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, we shall be like him. Any day now. We will be going. We'll be going home. Oh, now it won't be long. No, it won't be long. Soon we'll be leaving here. &gt;&gt; No, it won't be long. Oh, it won't be long. We'll be going home. Hallelujah. [Music] Aren't you glad this morning you got that hope? Thank you, Lord. [Music] Count the years as much. H I know. &gt;&gt; Count them as we as we count the weeks as days. Any day now [Music] we'll be praise the Lord. Sing with all your heart. No, it won't be long. It won't be long. Soon we'll be leaving here. No, it won't be long. We'll be going home. We shall be like and we shall be like him. &gt;&gt; Glory. We shall be like him. We shall be like him. Any day now. Oh, we'll be going home. Oh, now it won't be long. We won't be till we believe in. Oh, it won't be long. It won't be long. &gt;&gt; We'll be going home. Praise the Lord. Give him a good hand clap this morning. Hallelujah. You can be seated. Give our singers a good hand. Here's three of the best singers that I know of in the country. Give them a good hand this morning. [Music] Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. Come Jesus, come. [Music] Let today be the day. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to break. [Music] But I'm holding on to a hope that won't fade. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and ride every road. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. There will be no war and there'll be no change when Jesus comes. Let the day be the day. You come for the weak, the strong just the same. And all will be in the power of his name. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long [Music] for the day you return to heal every hurt. Ride every road. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. [Applause] Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Cuz one day he'll come and we stand face to face. [Music] Come and lay it all down. Cuz it might be today. I wish Jesus the time is right now. There's no need to wait. Your past can be washed [Music] by rivers of grace. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and ride every road. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. [Laughter] Come Jesus come. [Music] Amen. [Music] When the music fades [Music] and all is stripped away, and I simply come, longing just to bring something. That's a word that will bless your I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. though it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I I made it when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. King of endless worth. No one could express how much you did. Could we really do it? Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is yours. Every single breath, Lord, I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart, deep down in my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Though it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship with Lord, it's all about you. Yeah, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing and the mess that I made when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Hear my heart. I'm sorry for the mess that I made when it's all about you. Yeah, it's all about you. I'm coming back to the heart of worship when it's all about you, Jesus. It is all about you. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing that I made it when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the messes that I made when it's all about you. And it's all about you, Jesus. [Music] Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place for it's filled with nothing but my Jesus grace. Oh, when heaven is a place that I long to see. Oh, heaven is a place that I long to see. Oh, heaven is a place that I long to see. Oh, Jesus died and he went there from Calvary. Well, I'm on my way home. Don't you want to go? Well, I'm on my way home. Don't you want to go? Well, I'm on my way home. Don't you want to go? See, have got a home on the other shore. And we've come too far to turn back now. [Music] Oh, we've come too far to turn back now. Oh, we've come too far to turn back now. Oh, Jesus said, "I'm going to help you make it somehow." Oh, and heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place for it with nothing but my Jesus grace. Oh, and heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place for it with nothing but my Jesus grace. [Music] And one by one by one, &gt;&gt; we're getting more reasons to want to go, aren't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. We certainly want to extend our prayers and heartfelt condolences to our church family um and all the different ones that have passed forward in the last two weeks something like that. And we we know that we all have to come to it. Either that or the body change. But I don't know how people face such things without the Lord in their life. I know they do. But I'm just glad I don't have to know why and how they do. &gt;&gt; And as a pastor, I can tell you that each one that you lose, each funeral that you do, it's like it takes a little more out of you. Each one. Each one. Each one. I'm just hoping I got enough left in me in case the rest of y'all go. It's hard to explain it, but it's just it's just knowing that God in his grace knew that children of his would pass. It's not a sign of disapproval, but sometimes some flowers get really beautiful and in their pristine stage and if they stay any longer, they will start to go down. So, he takes them even sometimes when they're children. But we're grateful that he gives us that grace and that strength &gt;&gt; to help us to be able to deal with it. Aren't you? I know many of you standing here and you've lost loved ones. It's been so dear to your heart. Some of you I see have preached your companion's funeral. Maybe your children. And I I know that that still weighs on you, each of you. But I'm so grateful that we have a hope and a promise. How would it feel? How would it feel to love one another and to enjoy life with one another and yet have no hope? whatsoever of ever seeing each other again. Now, me the way I love the Lord, if there was no heaven, I would still choose him over the devil. &gt;&gt; Y'all, y'all understand that and agree with that? &gt;&gt; No question about it. If there was no heaven and after that we lived this life, we just died and ceased to exist. We turned back into volcanic ash and cosmic light and petroleum and calcium and all that. And there was no heaven. I'd still want to live for him &gt;&gt; because he's been so good to me. &gt;&gt; And I see how the devil treats his young ones &gt;&gt; and I don't want to be a part of that family. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; But to know that what is waiting for us is so far beyond anything that our minds can comprehend. I'm not sure why the Lord let it go for seven church ages before he actually allowed one of the messengers to be able to go to the sixth dimension. Now Paul went to the third heaven. Brother Bham said maybe he went to the first or the second himself. But at least what God allowed brother Brennham to go see, he was a was able to tell us about it. What Paul saw was unlawful for a man to utter. Can you imagine what he must have seen and experienced, but he couldn't tell the people? Somehow God wanted us, brother John, to be able to know. Was it because we'd be dealing with so many deaths? I'm not sure what the answer is, but I'm so glad when he allowed his prophet to go beyond the curtain of time and not just keep it into his heart. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But come back and say, "This is what I saw." &gt;&gt; I run into it all the time, of course, having to preach so many funerals and I'll have to preach to people that don't know the message and don't understand the message. And uh I never I've never had one of all the ones that I've done that people from different churches or whatever would come up and say, "I've never heard anything like that in my life. I've never heard anything like that. Where where where do you get that? Where where do you preach at? Where do you go to church?" You know, they don't understand what makes our funerals so different is the light we walk in every day. &gt;&gt; Every day. &gt;&gt; Every day. So, it's not like that we have these unique uh notes that we go to that nobody else has, but God's love to us sending his message in the end time has opened so many things. So yesterday, for those of you that were there at the grave site and I stood there at the head of the grave and I was just waiting for the Lord to give me something and as I turned and I looked back around this way and there was a corn field directly behind me. I mean 20 feet maybe Carol something like that 20 feet from this cemetery and all of a sudden the spirit of God just struck my heart and the corn is yellow turning yellow and brown and the Lord give me something and I watch them people as they sat there and they're looking at one another and they're looking at the corn and they're looking at me and you think what are they thinking in their minds you know they think what in the world are we talking about but you know what the message does it so ties us to nature. &gt;&gt; It ties us to the world. It ties us to the creation. And others look at it and think, "Wow, we walk right by that and don't even see it." Thank God for a prophet. &gt;&gt; Thank God for a message. &gt;&gt; Don't you appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. The way I look at it, we are some of the most blessed people that live on the earth. I realize people look at us and they think, "Well, they can't do this and they can't do that and they can't go here and they can't go there and they can't do this." That's all they look as is the can'ts. And I'm thinking, my goodness, why them can'ts are the what keeps us out of so much trouble. &gt;&gt; It's what a lot of the rest of these people can do that gets them in so much trouble. &gt;&gt; And they look at it, my goodness, they're hell behind a It's like a prison wall. No, no, no, no. It's I don't deny that it's not a wall, &gt;&gt; but we look at it as a castle wall, &gt;&gt; not a prison wall. &gt;&gt; We could go. Oh, yes, we could go. If I wish to, I could compromise, never hurt nobody else's feelings. I could preach and, you know, just say things in such a way nobody ever get offended. Why in the world would I want to do that? I choose to go this way. I choose to preach the truth. I choose to be hated. &gt;&gt; Don't you think I've preached long enough that I could figure out a way not to be hated so much? &gt;&gt; Many of you been serving the Lord, you figure out a way where you could just keep what you believe to yourself. You just don't say nothing to nobody. Why in the world would you want to do that? That's one thing that just I mean it just bends the devil plum out of shape. He hates it because we actually choose this way. &gt;&gt; We wouldn't have it any other way. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm not sure who all that was for, but God bless you. There you go. &gt;&gt; Second Peter chapter 1 verse 2. So apparently everybody here at the church and everybody that's been streaming must have got everything they need needed to acquire to on patience. Either that or you prayed like you ain't never prayed in your life and said, "God, please get him off of it." Because today we're going to be talking about godliness. So whichever way it went, you know, second Peter 1:2, "Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as this divine power has given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us unto glory and virtue, whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. And may be remembered today as we pray. Amen. me too. Heavenly Father, as we stand here today and as a church family, we can't keep from feeling heaviness in our hearts for not for those who have passed beyond the curtain of time, but for those who are left behind. All of us that have lost a loved one or many that we have have loved so much and felt so cared for so deeply. We know what that's like. And even though each relationship is a little bit different, we can relate somewhat. Each marriage is a little different. The structure of the family is a little different, but we have a a similar feeling anyway. So, we're praying, Lord, for those that have lost loved ones in our our assembly. And we're praying, dear Father, that you would comfort their hearts. I heard the prayer requests that Brother Louie had read a while ago, the different ones that are sick and going through different things, Father. And Lord, we'd like to remember Sister Kylie McGraw. They went up to the meetings and Harrisonenberg this weekend and um she had another one of those things she's been dealing with and they had to have her in the hospital while they were there and doing scans and things on her. We're just praying for her, sister, Lord, that you'd be with her, that you would help her. Father, we're believing for a complete deliverance of this thing in her body. &gt;&gt; Lord, there were many hands that was uplifted today and you saw mine. I'm so needy of you, Jesus. I pray that you'd help me today, Father, that I can be able to get out of the way, Lord. Carol and I after to the funeral and the burial there yesterday, going to see some of our precious, dear friends, Brother Homer and Sister Ruby Blanken, and Lord, and their daughter Donna Susong, and unable to to get out and go to church anymore because of age and physical things in their body. And Lord, we're just praying for them today again, Father, that you'd help them, that you'd be with them, Lord. And as we as we sat and talked and then we stood and talked and and and had prayer for them, dear God, our hearts just reached to them. They've went to church for years and years and decades of their life and got a little small church building there by their house and just can't have church no more cuz brother Homer can't do it. So we pray you'd be mindful of them, Lord. But they told us they have church every night because they listen to Word of Life and they listen to Brother Tim Puit and Brother Jason Watkins and they just listed off a bunch of churches where that they stream their services. And I thought, well, thank you, Lord. At least there's a good side to the streaming part anyway. So we pray you'd be mindful of your children. Carol and I was backing out of the driveway. I've told her, you know, the thing of it is there's people just like this all over the world. They can't go to church no more, Lord, and they're just they're just longing to go home and yet they feel like you've got a purpose in them living. So, be mindful of your children around the world today. Would you, Lord? Speak to us from your word. Father, I pray in the name of Jesus. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. You can be se seated. You would think if anybody had faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, wouldn't that pretty much cover everything that you would have need of in this journey as a child of God? And maybe some of you are looking at that and think, "Wow, if I would arrive to just having that, I would feel like that I was really an accomplished growing Christian." And yet the spirit of God anointed Peter when he was writing this. And that that's the thing about the the penmanship of the word that we don't know that these brothers set and pray and the spirit of God, but give them something and they would write it down and they'd read it and then they'd reread it and look over it. Lord, does it need to be tweaked a bit? Do I need to use this word and instead of that word? Do have have I got it in the right order? Have I got it exactly the way it is? faith and virtue and knowledge. Lord, have have I have I got it? Am I leaving anything out? And I believe that God is the one who moved upon these men to write the Bible. Don't you? I don't think the Bible was written by man. I believe that God used them and used their penmanship and their ability to be able to write either the Hebrew language or the Greek or the Aramaic, whatever language that they wrote it in. And I believe that God anointed them and God helped them. And it was not so much Peter sitting down and thinking, you know what, Paul has wrote a bunch of letters to the church and James has wrote some letters and Matthew has written his his uh gospel and Mark and Luke and John. So, you know, I'm one of the original apostles. Maybe I should sit down and write something, too. Maybe I I need to let the people hear from me. I don't believe that's the way this come about. I don't think that these men decided, well, I don't want John to get all the glory and me not even write anything at all. I believe the spirit of God moved upon their hearts and God gave them things a little bit different from the other and yet made what they had to say very unique. Now remember that God is putting the five-fold ministry on display in the epistles that are written by them even before the full five-fold ministry began to be expressed. Now remember Paul the church age messenger had not even come on into birth yet whenever some of these men had started preaching. So Paul was still against the move of God. So the spirit of God started using Matthew and the way that he wrote and Mark and Luke and John and then 1 and 2 Corinthians which was written around 59 AD which they say is one of the first books that was written in the New Testament. And the spirit of God would make them by their gift they would view problems and issues and troubles in the church and by their gift the spirit of God would move on them and give them the ability to deal with that just like God does. Whenever I'll preach on something, then God sent an evangelist in here, he and I don't talk. Yet, by his gift, the spirit of God will anoint him. He'll deal with some of the same stuff, but in a total different way. That's exactly the way the Bible was written in the New Testament. Now, God was expressing that. So, here Peter felt led of the Lord. And no doubt Peter is a man after having received the Holy Ghost and becoming so humble. Huh? Man, can you imagine using the word Peter and humility before he got the Holy Ghost? But I I I just cannot believe that Peter after receiving the Holy Ghost had been so transformed that his wife, his mother-in-law, the people that knew him were overwhelmed by the way the spirit of God had changed this man because they saw what a fire brand he was. They saw that, you know, that Peter was constantly right out there making one mistake after another and yet they would see him kind of pull back. And when you see the the time frame by which first and second Peter was written, it wasn't that he was the first one said, "Well, I'll tell you one thing. I'm going to give my opinion first. I'm going to write my book first." No, his was written many, many years even after Paul started writing things. You know what that shows me? That shows me what the Holy Ghost does to a man and how it changes the arrogance and the pride of a man that says, "I'll tell you one thing. No matter what anybody else does, I'll stand for you, Jesus. I'll love you. I'll do this and that." Peter had some real humility, didn't he? He had to learn it the hard way. But the spirit of God would not let him get over why. He reserved something. And may I say to every God called man that we've got here in our assembly, you may never preach great convention. Some of you brothers, you may travel, may never travel around the world and go to the different countries that brother Daryl does, but you don't have to. What you need to do is find what God wants you to do. Now, you you may never be one that'll preach every weekend and during the middle of the week. My goodness, Brother Daryl, bless his heart, he's gone so much and travels so much and goes around and some of the rest of you brothers, you may never be that. But it doesn't mean that you're not that just that important to God as brother Daryl or any other man is. But the thing is when we find what God wants us to be. Now Peter never wrote one epistle and then another then another then another then another. He just wrote this. It wasn't even addressed to a particular church. He did not write the way Paul did to Ephesus to Samrraa to Pergamos to Thotyra. He didn't write that way. Just the epistle of Peter. And it was written to who? All of the body of Christ. Now, whenever God knew that this was going to be written, and God had already had the symbols that had been hid about this statue of a perfect man in the Old Testament, and he had a man by the name of Enoch, and he was down in the land of Egypt, and he was a great apparently a great architect and a man of great understanding because he was able to catch certain dimensions and certain things in the the scale of the pyramid. that have not even been found out until our generation. There's certain arches in the pyramid, certain steps and angles of ascent and angles of descent that was had been mysterious form and written in stone in the pyramids for thousands of years. And it's been in our day since we have been born, many of us, that they found out the curvature and the arc of this and the perimeter of that. And yet God had a man to write it in stone. Oh my. Thousands of years ago. So then whenever brother Brandham then was going to preach this statue of a perfect man, he could have choose different types of geographical measures. Now we know that God loves circles. God loves ellipts. God loves all different types of things. He loves rectangles, which is the way that the tabernacle was meant. Now, the tabernacle was not a circle. It was not a perfect square, but it was a rectangle. God loves the elliptical type things. God loves all types of things. But yet, God chose one particular geographical measure by which that he would have that foreshadowed in the Old Testament. And then he would do the same thing in the new and it was what? The pyramid. Now God could have used if he wanted a square, a circle. He could have used whatever he wanted. But God chose this geographical measure called the pyramid. Now it shows that in the Old Testament and he chose it now bringing into the spiritual body and he anointed Peter. Now Peter never picked up the geographical measure so much. All he done was wrote what God gave him. And Peter, no doubt, whenever he was writing this, he probably didn't even view the pyramid at all. So that shape laid in the mind of God for all of those years. And then he brings another prophet on the earth in the last days. And then that prophet, when he's going to bring in some of the things about his ministry to the bride, what does God do? He has him to go back to the same geographical measure that Enoch used in the Old Testament. Now, what is it? Not a rectangular, not a circle, not a semicircle, not the elliptical plane, but God had him to use the pyramid. So now, when Brother Brandon preaches this, he lays it out and it's like it's unfolding to him. Now, I'm sure if you're you listen to tapes very much and you'll watch how that the spirit of God will move on the prophet and he would give him certain messages. And what I like to do is I'll follow him after he preaches something like say the statue of a perfect man. And I'll listen to that, you know, 25, 30 times, whatever. And then after I listen to that, I'll go to the ones immediately after that he preached that like blasphemous names and different ones like that. And you'll watch him that he'll sometimes bring a consensus consensus and condense it together and there'll be certain little keys in there and once I catch them then I go back again and listen to the stature of a perfect man again. And it's amazing how it comes together. So it's like God would give it to him and then as he would preach even later he'd begin to talk more about it and more about it and he was seeing more himself. Now whenever he preaches this statue of a perfect man and he wants to bring in this diagram which we I'll show it to you maybe not today and you're familiar with it and that is of the pyramid. So then he draws the seven lines across the pyramid and then he begins to mention the virtues and then it's like as he's going on that God begins to tie together for him that the virtues there was seven of them and there was seven church ages and there was seven church age messengers and then he uses this together to bring out a spiritual diagram that we'd be able to see ourselves but also see the church ages. Then as he keeps on going and preaching even from the stature of a perfect man to blasphemous names then it's like a little more opens up. Now this was October the 14th I believe it was in ' 62 and then blasphemous names was in November. So it's like that he began to see more about it. Now in between that time there was a sister in the church which I've quoted it to you was sister shepherd and she had this dream and then she she wrote a letter to the prophet and gave him the dream and then as soon as he read the letter God broke him into the realm of vision. Now this is the way dreams are interpreted according to the Bible. Now you know everybody is different in their their first conscience and second conscience. Many of you people probably dream dreams and they are so vivid and you just know beyond a shadow of a doubt that they have a spiritual meaning. Not necessarily. Sometimes all it is is that your subconscious and your first conscience are so close together. Now I knew a preacher friend of mine. He's gone on to glory. Bless his heart. He was one of the most vivid dreamers I ever heard from in my life. As a matter of fact, he would send me dreams all the time by email and by letters as if though I could interpret them. And he would tell me, "Brother Donnie, I saw this one in 3D or I saw this one in technicolor. I saw this one this way and that way now to him because it was that real." He just knew that it meant something. But I'm telling him, brother, I don't have the ability to interpret a dream and it would always be full of symbols. So it would be three this and four that and going over a bridge and up a mountain and then down the other side. It would have colors in it. Well, there was something white in the dream and there was something black in the dream. Now, you know, to him it was so real because apparently his conscience and first conscience was so close when he had come out from having that dream. It would imprint something on his memory so close that he would be able to write it down. And oh my, did he ever write them down. &gt;&gt; And they were real to him. And yet I'd tell him the same thing every time. And I'd give him the quotes. The prophet said that only a prophet can be able to interpret a dream. But I know, brother Donnie, I know, but this has to mean something. Now, when brother Brandon picked up this letter and he read the letter, he said as soon as he started reading it, he went into a vision. Now, I want you to notice what the vision was. His vision was her dream in a prophetic format. So, watch now. So he picks up the letter and he begins to read her dream. Now whenever he does, it didn't happen of course no doubt to everybody's dream. But when God had something he wanted the prophet to say and bring to the body, not only to the present tense people, but to us. Can you imagine? God knew we would be hearing this this morning. And God used Sister Shepherd to have this dream. Now remember the reason that Sister Shepherd no doubt could be one that God could use for this because Sister Shepherd was wondering whether or not she had the Holy Ghost. She was questioning about having the Holy Ghost. Look at the setting of the dream. So she was questioning do I have the Holy Ghost? Now brother Ram when he mentions this in vice famous names he said anybody that knows brother and sister shepherd knows that they are so hospitable and they bring anybody into their home and they're kind to people and they do this and that and he said that God honored that. Now watch how he takes that and he said and that was her foundation which was her foundation of faith. And then he said but she's wondering whether or not she has the Holy Ghost and she laid across a dualfold. He says, "And then she fell asleep." Now in this as he is preaching before he preaches or brings this dream, he preaches the stature of a perfect man. And to that God allows this woman to have the dream. Now remember her dream is do I have the Holy Ghost? This is what she's wondering about. And a lot of our dreams come from things that we're thinking about and pondering over. And she laid down on the dualfofold in the living room. And when she did, she fell asleep. So in this dream, as the prophet picks up the letter and with his eyes wide open, he goes to dreaming her dream in prophetic form, which means he had a vision. So he sees the same thing that she saw except this time through a vision. Now he said, "How can I be sure that you're interpreting my dream if you never have my dream?" Now you see there's people selling the message in spite of what brother Brandham said that somebody had a dream about this and about that. Well, you know, the birds meant this and the the creek meant this and the rock meant that and something else. I don't care who they are. I'm not going to listen to them &gt;&gt; because that's contrary to the teaching of the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; Now remember Nebuchadnezzar's dream. Remember him and all the souss and the wise men come up and then they said, "Well, we don't know what it is." But Daniel said, "But there is a God who knows the secrets of their hearts." And what did Daniel and these brethren pray for? They prayed God would give them understanding. What happened to Daniel? He saw Nebuchadnezzar's dream in the form of a vision. Now remember that God is not just giving this answer to Sister Shepherd. No doubt there was all type of people that wrote Brother Brandham letters and he would have never divulged what was on the inside of that letter. But he must have felt led of God. I'm so glad that he obeyed that because in this actually he preaches the stature of a perfect man. It goes on to a little further understanding. Now this is the thing for probably many of you that are either visible audience or those of you that have been following us and shaming these things as we've been dealing wondering about them that many of you may wonder and ponder over the same thing. Am I sealed? Do I have the true baptism of the Holy Ghost? Am I just am I just tricking myself? You know, and and the thing of it, we know that people can be anointed by the spirit of God. People can be anointed to sing, anointed to cast out devils, anointed to do all kinds of things and not truly be born again. And the anointing can come on people and then go off of people. But once you receive the true baptism of the Holy Ghost in your soul, you may not always feel that when you're going through hard things in life. But remember, it never leaves you. And it will strengthen you and keep you and help you even when you don't feel his presence. &gt;&gt; Now, let's be honest. There's something about the anointing that is very comforting. It is very, very comforting. I am an absolute nervous wreck. Even though I've been preaching for years of my life, I am a nervous wreck until I can feel the anointing come on me. And I don't mind telling you, I would I'd much rather preach a three-day sermon than I would to do a wedding or a funeral or any type of public speaking like that. It's just not who I am. I know there's brothers in the message and they're great speakers. They don't even need the anointing to speak. They're and I'm not degrading them now. They're just gifted speakers. I am not a gifted speaker. That's why sometimes I come to visit you in the hospital and say, "Boy, brother Donnie was really silent." Well, I am. I'm waiting for him to give me something. I'm waiting for him to give me some inspiration. Some And you saying, "Oh, my preachers have got it automatically." Well, I can tell you this one don't. I have to wait on him. I need the uncction of the Holy Ghost. And the anointing will move. That's why the angel of the Lord would drop down. Brother would say, "You know what I'm waiting on? I'm waiting on him." Why? He couldn't do that. He could talk about the Lord and share the goodness of God, but he's waiting for inspiration. But remember, when we receive the Holy Ghost and our soul, then it's different from the anointing that you will feel to sing and worship or maybe you get under the anointing on service and praise God. Hallelujah. And your faith will rise to a level. You walk out that door and the anointing, nine times out of 10 it'll be gone before you ever get in your car to go to the house. Is that right? So God don't want you to overcome by the anointing being upon you, but he wants you to overcome by the divine nature of his life living in your soul. &gt;&gt; Now remember, Sister Shepherd no doubt had heard some of these things. If you'll follow the sermons in 1962, Brother Brandham is coming into a transition time. He's coming into a time of change of his ministry, presentation of my ministry, preaches, key to the door, many different things that he preaches. And he's coming into a transition time, but so is the church age. Now remember, God will move the prophet messenger along as the church age goes. Sometimes you'll send him in advance and he'll preach things way above the season and the time waiting for the people to catch up with him. And here, this is where they were at that time frame. So this is why in blasphemous names that he says this is the problem with the Brandham tabernacle. There's two kinds of faith, two kinds of virtue, two kinds of knowledge. Now remember that he didn't say this when he preached the statue of a perfect man. But it was like after the dream of Sister Shepherd and the prophet opened up the prophetic realm to him that he begin to see more about it himself. I can follow that kind of man myself. Now remember, sister shepherd is really concerned about the Holy Ghost. Now watch then when brother Brandham brings this and he reads his scriptures again of course. Let's read it again if you would in second Peter chapter 1:5. And beside this giving all diligence add to your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness. Now let's look at him when he preaches it in the statue of a perfect man. But you've got genuine faith, then put virtue to it, then genuine knowledge, then genuine temperance, then genuine patience. See, you're moving right up the line. All right. Fifthly, add godliness. Now, here comes number five, godliness. Fifthly, add godliness. Oh my. Godliness to be added. What does godliness mean? I looked in four or five dictionaries and couldn't even find what it meant. Finally, I was down at brother Jeff there. This is a brother that lived not too far from where Harry and I lived over over in Kentucky. I met him several years ago. And brother Brandon was looking. So, he was searching and he couldn't find the meaning of godliness. Don't you love an honest man like this? So, he didn't just come to church and say, "Well, glory to God. I was out in some great supernatural phenomenal realm." No, he told us he looked in a dictionary. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Now, he said, "I looked four or five dictionaries and I couldn't even find what he meant. I finally I was down at brother Jeff there and we found it in a dictionary. Godliness means to be like God." Godliness means to be like God. Now, oh my, after you've got faith and virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience to be like God, you say, "I can't do that, Brother Brennan." Oh, yes, you can. Let me read a few scriptures you're just a minute. Matthew 5:48. We'll take this one. See what it sounds like. If you're supposed to be like God, you know what the Bible says? Ye are gods. Jesus said so. Why? All the virtue, all the things that's in God is in you. Matthew 5:48 Jesus speaking in the biatitudes be ye therefore and he spells it pect. What's that? Perfect. Even as your father in heaven is perfect. You got way up here before you have to do that. Now notice if God would have started that off at the as the first virtue while it would have so discouraged us as human beings that we thought perfect what there's no way that I start there. So what did God do? He started it at the lower level the initiation stage which even sinners can have an element of faith. Of course you have to believe there is a God to even be saved. And he keeps rising higher and higher and higher with it. And he puts godliness as number five. Now he says, "Be you therefore perfect, even as your father in heaven is perfect." You got way up here now for you have to do that. All these things has to be added first. God knows exactly which one to put at number five, which one to put at number two, which one to put at number seven. Aren't you glad he knows? Now notice then when you get up there, he's asked you to be perfect godliness, sons and daughters of God. That's right. How many things I could say along that line? Now, I find this amazing because now we jump on down into this same message and brother Brandham reads this scripture, Ephesians 4 11. Why would he, talking about perfection and talking about the virtue of godliness, ever read Ephesians 4:11? You're familiar with it, but let's read it. He gave some apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors, and teachers. Now, I want you to notice that when Paul wrote this, he made each one of these gifts or offices in the plural form. So no one man can fulfill them all one time and be fulfilled and that's the end of it. &gt;&gt; Apostles plural and the church said &gt;&gt; prophets plural, evangelists plural, pastors plural, teachers plural, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. And now remember this is the apostolic faith that the prophet of God was sent to restore us back to of what Paul preached in the beginning. And the church said, "Now notice what God does." So God gives these gifts and these are are gifts from the Lord God himself for this is the reason why he gives them for the perfecting of the saints. So here, brother Brandham is dealing with godliness and he reads this scripture and ties it into being perfect. What in the world? For the perfecting of the saints. Now perfecting may not mean what you and I get in our mind that it does. We're not talking about human sinlessness or being free from fault, but this is what perfecting means. Look at the word complete furnishing or equipping. So God gave the five-fold ministry to completely furnish the body or equip the body with what they would have need of to bring them to the state of godliness. Well, it ain't no wonder to me then why Satan hates the ministry around this message the way he does. Amen. &gt;&gt; My goodness, friends, can you imagine? Can you imagine a time to when people would say they're restored back to the original faith and yet this move around the message which is gaining momentum around the world and preachers are sitting down and quit quitting preaching and people are making fun of preachers and make fun of people having church and say all you need to do is stay home and just everybody stream one tape of brother Brandham at a time. If that's so, I want to know why brother Brandham didn't set that up himself. &gt;&gt; Because brother Random was a true word prophet. That's why. Because brother Brandon believed in going to church. &gt;&gt; Cuz the Bible tells you to go to church. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And the and the word of life church said &gt;&gt; that's right. Now notice for the perfecting of the saints. The perfecting of the saints. for the perfecting of the saints. On the meaning of this word, I can't even say the word of what it means, but it means the restoring also of anything to its place. Then putting it in order and making it complete. The restoring of something to its place and putting it in order and making it complete. Now, keep the church body in mind, but also keep the church ages in mind and keep yourself in mind. Because when we're born into this world, we're born lost, of course, and regenerate from the presence of God. And we're born out of order. Even when we get saved, we start trying to get back in order. And for some, it'll take longer than others, but God trying to get their life back in order. I hope you can understand this stature of a perfect man is your divine order given to you by God. &gt;&gt; So you see whenever we try to take faith and emphasize faith miracles supernatural faith faith faith faith faith and we try to set the capstone down on top of faith. Can you imagine say the base stone of faith being this big all the way across the the the altar area here and then the capstone is only this wide and we set the capstone right down here in the middle. What about all this vacant space that we've got over there? The capstone will never set down on faith. And yet that's where much of Christianity is in the age we live. They never go any further than being saved. There's a believe there's a God. They believe that God sent his son to the earth. They don't want to go to hell. So they accept him as their savior and then Lord cap me off. Take me to heaven. And then they want the capstone to set right down. So you've got all this vacancy all across the rest of their face. But if you let God put the building together, when the honey flows out of the rock box on the top, the five streams of grace and the water form will come down and wash down every side and start bubbling out sticks and stones and debris and all types of things. And the water, which is the spirit of God, which no one can hold consistently. And then what will happen in the sister's dream? What she sees is a big man. A big man. A big man. And this big man's pouring water into the rock box and it's bubbling out the debris and all that sort of thing. And she stood down at the bottom and actually the water come from the top and washed down the sides and got her feet wet. Amen. &gt;&gt; Her feet wet. Her foundation wet. &gt;&gt; But the water didn't come up to her thighs. The water didn't come up to her chest. The water didn't come up to her head. Remember what she's praying about? Do I have the Holy Ghost? In her own dream was the answer to where she was. Don't you see? If God can help you and I to see where we are, then we know how to journey on. If we've got the water level and it's on it our feet level or it's up to our virtue level or our knowledge level, God is trying to show us so we can move higher and higher and higher so we can get ready to meet the Lord Jesus in the air. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You understand? So when the water comes down, it winds up on her feet, which was her foundation. Now she didn't understand what the dream actually meant. And the prophet is now interpreting to her, "Look, sister shepherd, where you are, the water was on your feet on the foundation level." Then this big man takes and pours honey inside this same rock box. And the man and the big man remember when the prophet saw the dream and turned around and said that that man was actually the messenger of the church age. &gt;&gt; But I thought brother Brandon was a little man. &gt;&gt; He was a little man in stature but he was a big man when it come to position. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. I want you in dreams funny how they are. And you imagine whenever he whenever he sees that dream over again and he sees himself in the dream pouring this stuff in the rock box and he said now this will hold. Won't you notice? Oh glory to God. I want you to notice what virtue that he comes and he's identifying with this and it's when he preaches it that it's godliness but his virtue of this age that God come to manifest out of him for the church age was what faith was a great thing but that was not the main focus of him and yet that's what many people attribute to brother Brandham the books that you read about him the things that people said about him oh great supernatural, great faith, great this. But we know that it come from more than miracles. &gt;&gt; What was the virtue that the seventh church age was going to represent? Brotherly kindness. &gt;&gt; Brotherly kindness. So, here's the stream of his ministry. What was that? It was simply the bait on the hook in order to catch the rainbow trout people and get the rainbow trout people into the body of God where he could start building on them layer after layer after layer. Now, God knew that brother Brandon would not live physically long enough to complete the entirety of the gentile bride. So, God already had a plan. What was it? God called men that would feed upon that same message. They would come and preach what that messenger preached. Come on, somebody. They would preach it in the pastor office, in the evangelist office, in the teacher office, and they would begin to preach and build and supply and be able to bring the people of God into a spot that they would keep getting higher and higher and higher until finally the last one will reach that place and the resurrection will come. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord. Now, notice this. Paul goes on to say, "For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry." Now, notice the gifts are plural, but the ministry is singular. Paul doesn't say ministries. &gt;&gt; He doesn't say ministries, but there's only one ministry. You understand people around the message who hate the ministry. You understand whose ministry it is? They hate the ministry of Jesus himself. That's right. Because there's only one really true God- called ministry and that's the ministry of the Lord Jesus. Then he gives gifts of himself in plural form. But brother John the ministry comes back to the singular which is the Lord Jesus himself. Now notice so the ministry is given for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ building. Oh my. So this is the way we're going to get built. So the ministry is going to help build us. Not just our trials, not just the things we go through in life, but the ministry will have the divine building blocks, the components of God to help. And they follow the leadership of the spirit of God. And it will build in the people of God what they have need of. So when they go through their great trials, they won't fail and they won't come short. Oh my. because God wants to equip them. And God wants the preachers, listen to me, preacher brothers. This is the main thing we're called for. We're not called so we can have a big ministry and people can know our name and so many people view our website. We are called to edify the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; It's not about me. It's not about preachers around the message. We're servants to the children of God. And the church said, &gt;&gt; notice now, so edifying is building wherewith one may edify. The act of building or building up the act of one who promotes another's growth in Christian wisdom, piety, happiness, holiness. Praise God. That's what every God called man and the message of the hour should be doing. It should not be competition between that man and this man and that man and that man. It should be building up the body of Christ that the body of Christ can receive these things, wisdom and piety and happiness and spiritual growth as far as what God wants them to be. Oh my, don't you appreciate the Lord his mercy for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. So whenever God put this in the church, now remember God could have give governors, he could have given senators, he could have give congressmen, he could have given prime ministers, presidents, God could have done whatever he wanted to do. But it was God's choice to preach to have men preach. And as Paul called it, foolishness. The foolishness of preaching. How would you like for your job to be called that? How would you sisters like for your job to be called the foolishness of a housewife, the foolishness of a mother, the foolishness of a father, the foolishness of a brother? God himself called my office foolishness. I said, "Thank you, sir." Well, can I get out of it? Nope. You're going to be a fool. You're going to be thought a fool. You're going to act like a fool. You're going to be made a fool out of. So, just accept it. So, where's all the drama come from? From the preachers that want to be, you know, like Hollywood stars. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; That's right. For the edifying of the body of Christ. So, it's all intended to minister to the uplifting and the building of the church within and without. Then notice verse 13. Now, remember the prophet reads all three of these verses when he refers to it in the statute of a perfect man. Till we all come in the unity of the face and of the knowledge of the Son of God unto a &gt;&gt; perfect &gt;&gt; oh my goodness a perfect man. Look at this word now. Tio again it's not sinlessness. full age brought to its end, finished wanting nothing necessary to completeness. Consummate human integrity and virtue of men fullgrown and mature unto the stature of a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. So, we're not comparing each other to each other. We're not comparing us to an organization. We're not comparing us to some church over here or some church over there. But our measuring rod, our measuring tape is not the pastor. Our measuring tape by which we measure things by. It is who? The Lord Jesus himself. Oh my. Now, of course, most of us want to take his name off the measure and take put our name on there. Then we're the measurement. Our church is the measurement. That's you know that's oh that that's a thing I hate about that sort of thing. You know whenever it comes that way that everybody wants to make their church the ideal church. You got to shout like our church does. You got to sing like our church sing. You got to praise the way our church does. Y'all's music ain't like our church. But you know what? This ain't your church. Well unless of course you come here and then it's your church. But everybody wanted them to be the perfect example. God said I'm gonna eliminate that whole thing. I've got this measuring tape that I made myself. I'm going to put my own name on it and I'll be the one that you measure yourself by. Cuz you know what we do? We'd pick people that's a whole lot worse off than we and our say, "Glory to God. I'll tell you one thing. I ain't like them." That's what they done in the in the New Testament. Was it not the Pharisees? I thank you, Lord. I'm not like that old publican. I thank you, Lord. I fast twice in the week. I pay ti. I do this and the other. That's what humans do. But God said, "Get that out of your mind. I'm the measuring tape." &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Notice he goes on in the statue of a perfect man. And he said, "Now, perfect takes godliness." Wow. Perfect takes godliness. You have to add to your faith godliness. See, you start off up here with virtue. Then you go to knowledge. Then you go to temperance. Then you go to patience. Now you're on godliness. godliness. Oh my, our time's getting away. I see. But you know what God in this meant? You sing this song to be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. On earth. I long to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to glory. I only ask to be like him. So Carol asked me yesterday, "You preaching on patience tomorrow?" I said, "Don't think so." She said, "God and this." I said, "Yeah." She said, "What is it?" I said, "I ain't telling you." Said, "Well, can't you give me a little bit of an idea?" I said, "To be like God." She said, "But how how am I going to be like God?" I said, "You're going to hear about it tomorrow." &gt;&gt; I said, "But let me sum it up for you in this way. It will be the traits and the characteristics of God in a man or a woman, boy or girl, that has been changed by his power. And they will be so much like God as far as a human in an unredeemed body can be. Boy, I thought there for a minute I was going to have to start being like Jesus. Even in my flesh, there ain't no way that'll ever happen. Brother John, John Hornac will always be John Hornac until John Hornac is no longer John Hornac. All of his kids are Horniacs. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. And they will always be Hornacs until they're no longer Hornacs. And you sat there and laugh at a Horny. Well, it's the same way with Parkers and Smiths and Reagan and Browns and Elliots and you know all the rest of you. There's an element of us that will never be like Jesus. So, go ahead and breathe a sigh of relief. But you know what we're waiting for? When the stature of a perfect man is molded within our spiritual being, then from the soul, God will change us back and the image of God will be recreated in every elect seed of God. Then when it reaches its climax and the perfection comes on the earth in the perfection, listen to me. I hope I don't choke you to death. It will be the perfection according to what the prophet said of the son of man. The perfection of the son of man. You understand that through the ministry of the last day seventh angel that God's calling his people to himself. It's not through the cry of a church. It's not through the cry of an organization. It's not through a shout of a bunch of preachers. God used one man to bring the message of the hour. And then out from under him, the ministry of others will come and say what he said. Come on somebody, let's have church this morning. And through that, it will produce a bride around the world. Oh, you say, "Brother Donnie, how in the world can we ever come to the unity of the faith? The preachers don't even get along. Churches don't even get along." Well, I don't know how it's going to be, but if my God said it, it will be. Just because preachers have caused difficulty does not eradicate the need of the five-fold ministry. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because if you want to become factual, let's become factual for a few minutes. Where's a lot of these false doctrines in the message preached by preachers come from? They come from quotes and the message brought by brother Renham. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So, should we throw the message away because people misuse the quotes? Look at the Lord Jesus. words that he said has caused people to stumble. Words that Paul said, word that the Bible said. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; So, we I guess we're supposed to do away with the Bible. Absolutely not. We just realize you got to have understanding. You've got to be able to read it in the light of the day you're living in. How glad I am we're living in this day. &gt;&gt; Now, notice after he sings the words of this song, he said, "That's godliness. When he was smit on one side of his face, &gt;&gt; he turned the other one. &gt;&gt; When he was spoken rough to he didn't speak, he didn't r godly. Always looking for one thing. One thing I always do, that which pleases the father. Here is the summation of godliness. It will be God's traits as far as a human being can go each according to their own adoption. &gt;&gt; Jesus and a housewife. Jesus and a farmer. Jesus and a architect. Jesus and a preacher. &gt;&gt; Jesus living out his life. &gt;&gt; Jesus turning his cheek and his own human body. &gt;&gt; Jesus turning my cheek and my body. &gt;&gt; Jesus turning your cheek and your body. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Notice he says Peter again and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness. Now you know I'm curious and I like the meanings of words. So I did quite a search on on the word godliness and the noun form of godliness is the quality or practice of conforming to the laws and wishes of God. devoutness and moral uprightness. You don't have it, brothers. You can't find it. The quality of being godly, obeying and respecting God. Godliness reflects divine character, encompassing reverence for God, devotion for God, and ethical conduct essential for spiritual growth. And all of that is summed up in these four words. To be God like &gt;&gt; to be godlike. So can anybody imagine Jesus looking at pornography? &gt;&gt; Uh brothers, I think I lost everybody. Testing one, two, one, two. Can you imagine Jesus hating? &gt;&gt; Can you imagine Jesus not being kind and forgiving, not being merciful, &gt;&gt; godliness. 1 Timothy 2:1. Now, I not only wanted to look up just godliness, but godly. 1 Timothy 2:1, I exhort therefore that first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks be made for all men, for kings, and for that those that are in authority, that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life. Wow, wouldn't that be awesome if every church member set that to be their goal? quiet and peaceable life in all godliness. Now, here's a little bit different Greek word and it is holiness, reverence, respect, piety towards God. Verse nine. In like manner also that women adorn themselves in modest apparel with shamef facedness and sobriety, not with broaded hair or gold or pearls or costly array, but which becomethst women professing to be like God. So, can you imagine the majority of Christian women in the day that we live whenever they dress the way they do and put their bodies on public display? And say they're being like God. Notice he wrote this. Women who profess godliness. And in this one, the meaning of this is reverence towards God's goodness. Now, again, it's a different word. Theoa. So it's a different word. So Paul would use one uh Greek root word and then another one then another one. So he uses several different words here, but it still comes back to the foundation of the word God in the New Testament comes from the Greek word theos. So it's to be like theos, which is the same Greek word word we get the word theophony from. So when we reach the elements of God's stature, climbing up higher, every step, every virtue that you and I come to, we're coming closer to our theophony body. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; Let me close with this one. First Timothy 3:16. For without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. So there is a mysterious form in this virtue that is not in faith or virtue or knowledge or temperance. Now notice the form that Paul describes this godliness. For great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles. Who did? God. &gt;&gt; Yes. So the mystery of godliness is God in human flesh. &gt;&gt; Preaching. Amen. Hallelujah. Preaching, working, living, doing what mortals will do. Great is the mystery of godliness. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I about had a spell when I found this. God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world. Here you go. Here's your finale. Received up into glory. &gt;&gt; Great is the mystery of godliness. So God was manifested in his first seed son. Hallelujah. And what is going to be the pattern of that hair from thereafter? The stature of a perfect man was what? God in. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. I heard a little bit of brother Wayne's service the other night and I tell you one thing, it was absolutely awesome up at up at brother Ron's meeting and he was talking about that we have of the throne there in heaven. that God has a man set him on the throne because it was man who lost his position in the Garden of Eden. And God once more has achieved a human body sitting on the throne of God. What's it a sign of? That there's more sons and daughters of God coming and God is working out this mystery in your life. Oh, I know you think it ain't very deep. Brother Donnie being kind. Anybody can do that. And there really nobody will be able to attain to the mystery of godliness. Only the godlike theos children. Only the elect of God will ever be able to achieve to the stature of a perfect man. People can go to church. They can heal the sick. They can pray for the dead and them get up and still wind up being lost. But every man, woman, boy, and girl, seed of God that's ordained to eternal life, God will not rest until theos is developed. So in your soul that he can look at himself and look at you and say, I see the same thing. I see me in you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Listen to the New International Version. I thought some of these wordings was really interesting. Beyond all question, the mystery from which true God in the springs is great. He appeared in the flesh, was vindicated by the spirit, was seen by angels, was preached among the nations, was believed on in the world, was taken up into glory. God's word translation says it this way. The mystery that gives us our reverence for God. Don't you understand? This is why even Christians don't reverence God anymore. They don't reverence his word anymore. They don't reverence his house anymore. They don't even reverence his house enough to come and be at it. &gt;&gt; And some that do come and be at it, they don't reverence it. They text, they talk, they're back and forth, they're shopping, they're at Walmart, and they're supposed to be there reverencing the house of God. But this is the source that gives you your reverence to his presence and to his house and to his body. The mystery that gives us our reverence for God is acknowledged to be great. He appeared in his human nature, was approved by the spirit, was seen by angels, was announced throughout the nations, was believed in the world, was taken up to heaven in glory. literal standard version and confessedly great is the secret &gt;&gt; of piety who was revealed in flesh. Who was the secret of piety? You see, friends, there's no way for us to ever truly get away from our hypocrisy &gt;&gt; as human beings until we are truly born again. &gt;&gt; All right? &gt;&gt; There's nothing that can be as good a hypocrite as a human being. &gt;&gt; They can be deceitful. They can hate you. And yet before public eye, oh my, they'll put on the dog as we say, and they'll treat you so good. And people think, boy, they love them so much and they and in reality they hate you. They're saying thinking things about you in your heart. You understand that lays in every one of us. &gt;&gt; There's only one way for that to be eradicated. Where'd that come from? The devil. &gt;&gt; The devil. &gt;&gt; Great is the secret of piety. He was revealed in the flesh, declared righteous in the spirit. seen by messengers, preached among nations, believed on in the world, taken up in glory. Can I read a couple more scriptures and we'll close. But refuse profane and all wives fables, and exercise thyself rather unto godliness. For bodily exercise profitth little, but godliness is profitable unto all things. So you see, once a person breaks into this virtue, you'll find every avenue of your life. It's more than just wearing the little bracelet around your arm. What would Jesus do? &gt;&gt; A lot of folks wear them certainly don't do what Jesus does. &gt;&gt; But when we get these virtues, we'll find them applicable. in every aspect of our life. In the way we treat one another, in the way we treat our family, the way we treat our wives, our children, in the way we treat sinners. &gt;&gt; Oh my. 1 Timothy 6:3. If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, unto the doctrine which is according to godliness, he is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strives of words. Whereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings, perverse disputings of men of corrupt minds, destitute of the truth, supposing that gain is godliness, from such withdraw thyself. But godliness with contentment &gt;&gt; is great gain. Yes. &gt;&gt; Godliness with contentment. So once you arrive to that level of godliness and you have contentment with it, you realize I am a wealthy person. Would somebody come out and help me jump off my vehicle so I can get to church? Could I borrow $3 to go get some gas? Could I borrow? People say, "Oh, they ain't worth nothing." It depends on how how you're measuring their wealth. Oh, if you can have money and have all them sort of things and have this too, fine, go with it. But if you can't have one or the other, I'd go with I'd forego the money. I'd rather stand on the side of the road and bump over some of these homeless people and say, "I'll preach for 25 cents. I'll preach for 35 cents. I'll dig a hole in your yard. I I I'll kill swamp rats. I'll do this, that, the other." I'd rather have to drink branch water and eat soda crackers, as a prophet said. And to know that I was right with God than to be the richest preacher in the world and to have fame and fortune and wind up being lost, what good would it do me? &gt;&gt; But godliness with contentment &gt;&gt; great. Paul, a servant of God, an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God's elect and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness. Let's stand together. Second Peter 3:11, seeing then all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought you to be in all holy conversation? Now this word don't mean what you think. It ain't just your talking. The word conversation is manner of life, conduct, and behavior. Matter of life, conduct, and behavior. What manner of persons ought you to be in all holy conversation and &gt;&gt; godliness? Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Praise God. to be like God. Let's sing that little song, Harry. To be like Jesus. How many wants to be like him? &gt;&gt; I don't want to just heal the sick the way he did. I believe in miracles. You know I do. We have our our church has the supernatural signs of God among us and we're grateful for that. But we know you can have that and still not be like him. I personally have never asked God for wealth or riches. I've never asked him for things. That's not been my goal in life. But I know one thing. There's there's some words and I'm longing to hear. I've lived all my life since I've been a Christian for this simple goal in my life that I can hear these simple words. Well done, my good and faithful servant. Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't care if nobody knows my name. I don't care if whenever I pass away and die, I ain't going to leave a whole lot of stuff behind me. That's for sure. If after I go my sermons are took down, I'm forgotten in a few years, which I will be, that don't matter to me. But what matters to me when I walk up before him and I take care of both hand and we walk up there side by side that he can look at me and say, "Thank you for suffering for my wife. I put you under so much stuff for my wife's sake." And I saw you along that journey and I know most of what you went through in life. It was not for yourself. It was my wife's family problems, my wife's marital problems. It was my wife's financial crisis. It was my wife's deaths. It was my wife's sicknesses. And you did that for my wife. It'll be worth it, brother John. You imagine when we walk up before him and the king stands there and he says, "I see what you've went through for my wife." And those of you that have reached out and helped one another and done this and that and the other to make life a little bit easier for other people, just remember he has a great book written called a book of remembrance. times when you've got up and prayed and you didn't feel like it. Maybe the Lord wake up at 1:00 in the morning or two and put me on your heart. I want to thank you for getting up and praying for me. I want to thank you for doing that. Maybe the Lord put Brother Daryl on your heart. You may not know he's out somewhere fighting a terrible, terrible battle, one of these other preacher brothers. And you stand before the Lord Jesus and he unveils all that stuff. I see everything you did. Aren't those the words you want to hear? &gt;&gt; Well done, my good and faithful servant. &gt;&gt; I don't serve God for reward. I I don't really even think that way. That's not my mind. &gt;&gt; Way I figured even if I got a reward, my guardian angels between them and Carol, they'll get everything I'm supposed to get anyway. &gt;&gt; I'm so accidentrone this and that and the other. Guardian angels are good at give every farthing. And if there's anything left, Carol will get the rest of her for putting putting up with me. I apologize to her all the time. Not because I've been mean to her, not because I've ever run out on her or anything like that, but I just apologize for what I've put her through because of the ministry sake. So I don't serve him for reward. I don't even want one. But if I can know that he's pleased just a little bit, just well done. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To be like Jesus. To be and remember Jesus never questions his word. Jesus never doubts his word. Jesus never takes the word of family members above his word. We could preach on this for years. Godliness all through my journey from earth to glory. [Music] I only Yes. Lord God, just one thing. Let me be like him. Everybody now. I w to talk like Jesus. [Music] I want to walk like Jesus on earth alone to be like him. All through my sh from earth to glory. [Music] I only end. [Music] Let me walk like him. To be like Jesus. [Music] To be like Jesus. [Music] On earth. I long to be like him. All through life [Applause] from birth to glory. My only act [Music] to be like him. Help me love like Jesus. [Music] I want to love like Jesus. On earth I long to love like you [Music] all through life's journey [Music] from earth to gloryy. [Music] My holy ass. Let me love like him. [Music] To be like Jesus. to be like Jesus. All earth alone [Music] to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to glory. I only am. Let me be like him. [Applause] to be like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth I long. Oh let me be like you. All through last journey from earth to glory. I own the air. Let me be like him. For he became me that I might become him by grace. He became me that I might become him by grace. [Laughter] He took my place that I through his love could take him. Oh, he became me that I might become him by grace. For he became me that I might become him by grace. He became hallelujah God. Thank you Jesus that I might become. Aren't you grateful &gt;&gt; that he would do such a thing? [Applause] &gt;&gt; He took my place that I through his love could take him. Oh, he became me. that I might become him by grace. Oh, he became me that I might become him by grace. He became me that I might become him by grace. [Music] be could take him. Oh, he became that I might become him by grace. [Applause] [Music] Jesus. [Music] We worship you Lord God. Hallelujah. So he became me that I might become him. So he took on my image, felt my humanity that I might feel his deity, that I might feel his faith, his virtue. He fought human battles with my level and my measure of faith, my measure of patience, my measure of virtue, my measure of all of these great things. and he overcome my measure and he said, "Now I'm going to give you my measure back for yours." It sounds like to me you and I certainly got the best of the trade. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We worship you, Lord God. We bless your name, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Father, I don't know when and I don't know how many, but I know one thing for sure. There will be a people around the world that will obtain to this word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. They will have it, Father. They are unstoppable. &gt;&gt; They're undefeable. &gt;&gt; Satan cannot back them off from your word. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus, we worship you today, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a mighty God Jesus is. What a mighty God Jesus is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a mighty God Jesus is. [Music] Everybody now let's sing it together. Oh, what a mighty God. I know he is. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Lord. Oh, heavens and earth adore him. As his people, we bow down before him. What a mighty God Jesus is. Can we just close our eyes just before we go? Oh, what a mighty God my Jesus is. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. What a mighty God. I know. I know he all of heaven will on the earth they bow before him. As his people we worship and we bow before him. Oh, what a mighty God Jesus is glorious God. We worship you, Lord God. Hallelujah. What a mighty God. What a mighty Jesus is. I wish somebody would help me praise him. Oh, hallelujah. Why don't you praise yourself out of that valley? Why don't you praise yourself out of that old place you find yourself in? Give Jesus a sacrifice of praise. Worship him. Adore him. Bless his name. Oh my God. My God. We worship him. His miracle. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God. God, we worship you, Lord. What a mighty God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing it. Let us worship and sing with all of our hearts. What a mighty God mighty God. I know my Jesus. Sickness has to bow. Oppression has to bow. Heartache has to bow. Sadness has to bow. At the name of Jesus, every knee shall bow, every tongue shall confess to the glory of God the Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; My God. We worship you, Lord Jesus. We love to bow. &gt;&gt; We love to bow before you, Father. What a mighty God. What a mighty God he is. And he'd like to sing it back to you this way. Oh, what a lovely bride. My bride is. Oh, little bride, he says. What a lovely bride. He knows you are. Glory to God. He ordained and called and loved you before your mama or your daddy or anyone else ever knew you. What a lovely bride you are. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, what a mighty God. Our Jesus is Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, get out of here, devil. Leave these people in the name of Jesus. They shake this away from them. They are crashing. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord God. Heaven and earth Jesus we praise you Lord. I love to bow. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a mighty God Jesus. Glory to God. What a mighty God he is. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. An on time God. Let's sing this as we get ready to go. How many knows he's on time? He may show up 4 days late according to your calendar, but you can take Lazarus's word for it. When he's 4 days late, he's still on time. He may not come as soon as you want him to, but he's still on time. He may not come when the doctor said if something don't happen then such and such a time, but he's still on time. We're wondering, well, how come we're still here after 63, but he's still on time? How come we're still here after 77 and he's still on time? After 1997, and he's still on time. And the devil said, "You're going to keep on trusting." Yes, we're going to keep on trusting because he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Come on, let's sing it together. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Sing it again with all your heart. Sing it now. He's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Yes. About my father now. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, listen to these words now. Well, you can ask the children of Israel trapped at the Red Sea by that mean old Pharaoh and an army. They had a water all around them. Pharaoh on their tracks. All &gt;&gt; from Alabama where my God stand high just like that. Oh, he's an all time God. Oh yes, he is. Oh, he's anime God. Yes, he is. Oh, we may not come when you want him to, but be there right on time. God bless you, saints. The fear of God. Amen. Yes. Oh, hallelujah. You can ask the 5,000,000 hungry souls. He fed on the banks of that river with two fish and five loaves of bread. What a miracle he performed for the multitude. But what he did way back then, he knew the day for me and you. Oh, he's an all time God. Yes, he is. Oh, an all time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. No, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time god. Yes, he is. He's an on time god. Yes, he is. Do you know he's an on time god? Yes, he is. may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time god. Yes, he is. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
