################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.73 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.73
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_hpdFzPYRU
========================================

[Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I hear the sound of a mighty rushing [Music] wind. And it's closer [Music] now than it's ever [Music] been. I can almost hear the trumpet. As Gabriel sounds the [Laughter] call. Oh, at the midnight cry. Thank you, Lord. Let's stand to our feet. Sing this song this morning. going home. When Jesus sits down on a cloud to call his children, the dead Christ shall [Music] rise to me in the air. And then those that remain. Thank you, Lord. will be quickly changed. Praise the Lord. At the midnight cry, we'll be going home. Sing that chorus again. Jesus steps out on the cloud to call his two children. The dead Christ shall [Music] rise to meet him in the air. [Applause] and those that remain. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. We shall be quickly changed. Thank you, Lord. Oh yes. At the midnight cry, we'll be going home. I look around me. Thank you, Lord. I see prophecies fulfilled. Oh, yes, we do. Like a pope from America. Oh, the signs of the time. They're appearing everywhere. I can almost see the father. Hallelujah. Says, "Son, go get my children." Thank you, Lord. Oh, and at the midnight cry, midnight cry, the bride of Christ will rise. Oh, sing it now with all your heart. When Jesus steps out. Oh, sing it on the ground to call his children. All the dead in Christ shall [Applause] rise to meet him in the air. And then those that remain. Hallelujah. We shall be quickly changed. [Music] Oh yes. At the midnight cry, we'll be going home. And then those that remain we shall be quickly changed. Oh yes. At the midnight cry, we'll be going home. Going home. Do you believe it this morning? Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. Amen. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord today? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Look at your neighbor. Tell them you're glad to see him in the house of God. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to get to come to worship the Lord in spirit and in truth. So glad to have you here today. If you're visiting with us, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you here. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless all of those folks. Could we give all those folks a good hand this morning if you will? Praise the Lord. I'm going to let you be seated for just a bit. We have some prayer requests we want to let you know about. Brother Fred Britt sends this in a card of of thanks. Uh thank you all so much for your love and prayers. Fred and Pam Britt and the family of Christa Gross, they want to say thanks during the loss of a loved one. So, let's let's continue to remember those folks in prayer that uh the Lord would just be with them during this time. Brother M Carter in service with us today. Brother Mack, God bless you. Glad to have Brother Mack back, aren't we? Amen. Praise the Lord. Wants to thank everyone for praying for him, the text, the calls, etc. We love you all. Well, Brother Mack, we love you all, too, buddy. God bless you. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is homesick. Would like for us to pray for her and her family. So we want to remember that today. Want to pray for Eddie and Linda Jablonski. Both not feeling well today. So let's remember them in prayer. Brother Samuel Shuffler is sick asking for prayer. Unable to be in the service today. Let's remember him. Please remember brother Benjamin Goss as he recovers from open heart surgery. We'll remember that prayer request today as we pray. Uh then we have this testimony. Sister Janet Leman says, "I would like to praise the Lord for healing my throat and cough, which I have had uh been bothered with for quite some time. I want I went up for prayer at the end of the service and God touched me immediately and she wants to praise the Lord." Somebody say, "Thank you, Jesus." Amen. So, praise the Lord for for these uh testimonies this morning. All the unspoken prayer requests, I know there's there's needs in our group today. We want to just commit all these things to the Lord. Let me make this announcement. Uh, Brother Nathan and Sister Heidi uh, want to uh, want to make this announcement. An engagement of Frederick Arnant and Eliza Davis. And they're sitting right over here. And might I say, one of the most handsomest couples in the church. You agree with that? Give them another hand if you would. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Let's stand to our feet this morning. We're just so glad to have each and every one of you here. We've come especially today to worship our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ in spirit and in truth. Aren't you glad you have spirit and truth? Are you glad about that this morning? And to all of our moms, we want to certainly say a wonderful, wonderful group of moms that we have in our assembly. We want to wish you all a very, very happy Mother's Day. Can we give all of our moms a good hand this morning? Praise the Lord. Brother John, if you'd come this morning, take us to the Lord in prayer. We'll just commit all these things unto the Lord. God's good, isn't he? Are you glad you're living this morning? Are you glad you believe the truth this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. We love this guy right here, don't we? Good. Amen. God bless you all. Certainly appreciate our mothers and I want to apologize that all of you didn't get the same one I got. And then my children want to also extend their condolences because they didn't get you didn't get the one that they got. So, God bless you. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Lord Jesus, we certainly love you, Lord. We're so grateful, Father, for all you've done for us, Lord. Lord, you've been so very, very good to us, Lord. Lord, even in the hard times, the bad times, the stressful times, Lord, we know that you're just molding and making us, Lord. We know, Father, that your hand is upon us, Lord, and you always have our best interest in mind, Father. We're so grateful, Lord Jesus, that you love us so much, Lord, that sometimes you you break the sheep's leg, Lord, so we can draw closer to you, Father. We're so in love with you, Lord. Yes. And sometimes, Lord, it seems that all we have is trouble and trial, Lord. But really, all we have is an opportunity to get closer to you, Father. Yes, Lord. And Lord Jesus, these needs that are represented here in my hand, Lord, along with the testimonies, Father. They they speak to that, Lord. They speak, Lord Jesus, to the fact that you love us so much, Lord, that you trust us with these trials and these hard things, Father. And we're thankful, Lord, that you're mindful of us in these times. And you're just wanting us to lean on you heavier. Father, we love you. We thank you for it, Lord. And Lord Jesus, this this service today, what an opportunity, Father God, for us to draw closer to you, Lord. I pray that you would help us to put every weight and measure, everything aside, Father, and focus in on you, Lord. May you be lifted up. May you be praised, Father, with all our hearts and all our beings, Lord, that you would just be with us, Father. Anoint the service. Anoint our hearts, Father. Not only the minister, Lord, but but also open our hearts and anoint our our ears to hear, Father, that it might go from our ears down to our heart, Lord. We lift you up, Father. We love you. May we be in our May you be in our praise, Father, and and you be the the focus of all things, Father. We love you. We thank you, Jesus, in your name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother John. God bless you. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, receive the morning tithe and offering. You give us unto the Lord. Let's give the Lord a real good hand clap of praise again this morning if you would. Praise the Lord. He's worthy of all our praise, isn't he? Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Let's sing a song. What a beautiful name it is. The lovely name of Jesus. Let's sing that this morning if you would. You were the word at the beginning, one with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory in creation. Yes. Now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without. Oh, that's right. Amen. So Jesus, you brought heaven. Oh, sing it to him, children. Oh, my great. Your love, your love was love was greater. What could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. the name of Jesus. Death could not hold you before you silence the boat. Thank you. and great. The heavens are ro the praise of your glory for you are raised to life again. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. You have no rival. Josiah from John have no equal now and forever. Our God. Yours is the king. Thank you, Lord. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all names. What a powerful name it is. Oh, what a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus, my king. What a powerful name it is. Thank you, Lord. Nothing can stand against what a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. You have no right. Oh, you believe that this morning? You have no You believe that this morning? Now and forever, our God reigns. Hallelujah. Yours is the king. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all name. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ might. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. Glory. the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. What a wonderful name it is. The name. Thank you, Father Jesus. Praise the Lord. If you believe that, give him a good hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated today. Brother Justin Reagan, if you'll come on to the platform, be getting ready to sing after brother John and Josiah. Then, Sister Tama, she'll be singing. So, let's just give our singers a good hand this morning if you [Music] would. This song is about prophet Elijah and when non came to be cleansed of his leprosy. I pray it's a blessing to you. [Music] No eloquent prophecy or fancy miracle for all to see. Just the words go down seven times. [Music] So, as Non made his way into the Jordan River that day, I can't help but think what was on his mind. As he slowly reached the water's edge, it rushes in over his head. He looks to see if the curse has washed away. Oh, does he say I keep going down and getting back up, but I see no change. I feel no touch from you, Lord, where could you be? Well, this water's dirty and it's cold, but it's healing in it. So I'm told a miracle, but I've yet to see. But I'm staying here until you're through. Until I get a hold of you, I'm going to keep believing. But until then, I'm going to go down again. [Music] I know what I feel deep inside. I heard your voice a thousand times, but now that seems so long ago. Oh, but deep inside I still believe. Lord, somewhere you're listening. But I would like a sign so I could know. Oh, surely there's hope left yet. Cuz you wouldn't just forget. I'm fighting on my knees to get to you. So this is what I'm going to do. I'll keep going down and getting back up till I see a change or feel a touch from you. I know you're hearing me. For this place is lonely and it's cold, but it's holy ground. So I'm told the secret place where you will be with me. So I stay in here until you're through. Until I get a hold of you. I'm going to keep believing. But I feel it. I'm going to go down again. Head again. I'll keep going down and getting back up till I see a change or feel a touch from you. Cuz I know you're hearing me. Oh, this place is lonely and it's cold, but it's holy ground. I know it's so. It's the secret place where you will meet with me. So I stay here until you're through until I get a hold of you. I'm going to keep believing. But until then, oh, I'm going to stay here until you're through. Until I get a hold of you. I'm going to keep believing. But I feel I'm going to go down again. Oh, I'm going to go down again. Down again. [Applause] I wanted to make one quick announcement before brother Justin Reagan sings. Uh so glad to have brother uh I forgot who he was already. Sylvia's husband Lynn. Why'd you let me forget that? Brother Lynn Duggar is back in service with us this morning. Praise the Lord. And Sister Sylvia gave us a scare the other day, but the Lord has permitted her to be back in service with us today. I just want to say we're we're awful glad to have you all with us this morning. They're in their early 90s, but they look better than most of us here. Give them a good hand this morning if you would. [Music] Somebody's praying. [Music] I can feel it. Somebody's praying for [Music] me. Mighty hands are guiding me to protect me from what I can't see. Lord, I believe. Lord, I [Music] believe somebody's praying for me. [Music] Angels are watching. I can feel them. Angels are watching over me. [Music] There's many miles ahead till I get home. Still I'm safely kept before your throne. And Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe your angels are watching over me. And I've walked the barren wilderness where my pillow was a stone. And I've been through the darkest caverns where no light had ever shown. Still, I went on cuz there was someone who was down on their [Music] knees. And Lord, I thank you for those people praying all this time for me. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] Somebody's praying. I can't feel [Music] it. Somebody's praying for me. Mighty hands are guiding me to protect me from what I can't see. Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I believe somebody's praying for me. [Music] [Music] Jesus, bright as the morning star. Jesus, how can I tell you how beautiful you are to [Music] me, Jesus, song that the angels sing. Jesus, you're dearer to my heart than anything. You're sweeter than springtime. You're purer than sunshine. Ever my song will be Jesus, you're [Laughter] [Music] beautiful to me. [Music] Jesus, bright as the morning star. Jesus, how can I tell you how beautiful you are to me, my Jesus? song that the angels sing. Jesus, you're dearer to my heart than anything. You're sweeter than springtime. You're purer than the sunshine. ever my song will be. Oh Jesus, you're beautiful. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus because he first loved. Yeah. Yes, Jesus loves me. Oh yes, Jesus, he loves me. Oh yes, my Jesus, he loves me. For the Bible tells me so. It tells me so. It tells me so. [Music] You're sweeter than springtime. You're purer than sunshine. Ever my song will be. Oh Jesus, you're so very beautiful to me. [Music] [Applause] What a great love. Aren't you grateful you know that today? Certainly want to wish all of our mothers a happy Mother's Day today. Trust it'll be a happy and a blessful day for you. Someone had sent me a quote earlier today was talking about a mother's love and the prophet said there was only one thing greater than a mother's love. That was the love of God. Wow. I just read that and I thought how astounding it is that a mother's love would be right up there if it's real genuine mother's love right next to the love of God. God bless you mothers for your sacrifice. All the years you give to your children trying to raise them, bring them up in the admonition of the Lord. May God bless all your labor. Amen. God bless you. The greatest thing I can say to you today, God bless you. Can we give him a nice appreciation clap? I certainly wish my mother was alive today so I could be able to call her on the phone and tell her how much I love her, what she meant to me. Uh, if your mother's alive, please do that. It's one of these days you'd give everything to be able to do it. Let's turn together if you would second Peter chapter 1:2. We welcome you today to the house of the Lord. We've not come for a protractive meeting today. We've not gathered here today because that's what people in Johnson City do or a lot of them or wherever you're from. We've come to hear from heaven. We've come to worship the true and the living God. Amen. To give him all of our hearts. We've come to find what our faults are, what our shortcomings are. We've come that we might be able to receive hopefully an impartation of God's divine knowledge to help us in our walk with him. Amen. Second Peter chapter 1 verse 2, grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power, hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us unto glory and virtue, whereby giving unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped escape the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. So here we are living in 2025 and a statement was made in 1954 that whenever the pope will come out of the United States, then the church of the living God will be drove together. So, we see part of that prophecy was fulfilled this week. Now, the last time they had a a papal election, I done a little bit of reading and searching on it, uh, cuz I believed the prophecy myself, but I was reading of the conclaves and of the cardinals and all the things that they had to say. And they were saying then it would be totally impossible for an American to ever be pope. Of course, I read that and just laughed cuz I thought, my God specializes in impossibilities. And here we are today with the first ever pope from the United States according to prophecy. I told Carol one day this week, I said, 'You know, God sent America and the world, a prophet, the greatest gentile prophet that ever lived from the United States. America and the world for the most part, turned him down. So now they've got another one from the United States. I'm glad I know whose side I'm on today. Amen. Aren't you? Yes, sir. So the world's going to follow one or the other. It's going to follow the one or the other. We're taking our sides of Jesus today. How many like to be remembered as we pray? Amen. Lord Jesus, we thank you so much for your word. Lord, most of us have been saved for probably several several years and we've already come to the understanding that when you say something, you never have to take it back and your word never fails. We realize there's words that the prophets of the Old Testament spoke thousands of years ago that have not yet to this day been fulfilled. But we don't have to set up late at night and ring our hands and worry and fret. Will they happen? No. We can go to bed and sleep like a baby knowing that God's word never fails. I don't believe this message any more this Sunday morning than I did last Sunday morning. Last Sunday morning, we didn't have a pope from America, but today we do. But it doesn't make me believe anymore cuz I have a believing soul, a believing nature, a believing sea. I can't keep from smiling at the devil, though each time one of these prophecies come to pass. So now, Lord, we're waiting for the rest of that to come to pass when the church of the living God will come together. We're more divided than ever before. I ain't talking about the denominations and all. Of course, they will come together, but father, even in our own ranks, it's a paradox as we've already been told that as well, it'll be a paradox if she ever gets together. But he promised it and she will. So, Father, may that prophecy come to pass in our lives. We approach you today through mercy and grace and asking you that you'd help us in this service, helping to get out of the way to speak the words of life to your children in the name of Jesus. And the saints of God said, "Amen." Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. One of the virtues that we've been looking at for several weeks is that of knowledge. Holy Ghost knowledge, divine knowledge, knowledge that knows that the word is always right. Circumstances mean absolutely nothing. What people say mean absolutely nothing. But godly knowledge knows that God can never say anything that he cannot fulfill and bring to pass. Then truly there is a knowledge that God wants to share with us as his children about his will pertaining to our lives. One of the greatest things next to salvation of course and receiving the Holy Ghost, the seal of God, the acknowledgment of the word of God for the day is being able to find the will of God for our own lives and how this word that God has given to us. The pertinent part about it for us as individuals, where do I fit, where do you fit inside the message of the hour? That's the overview, but also where does it fit in my life from day to day and the decisions that I have to make in life and things that I'm faced with sometimes that I don't know what to do just like you are. And does God care? Is God even concerned about what we go through in life? Now, that's what the enemy would like to tell us that God's not really concerned about what we face and what we go through. He doesn't really care about that. But I'll tell you today that is a lie. He does con concern himself. As a matter of fact, the prophet tells us in the church age book, speaking of Israel, that he busied himself busy himself with the things that they were going through and their needs. And I believe that if you done that for the children of Israel, because they were the first fruits according to Jeremiah and according to Exodus 14, they were the first fruits of God's work of a nationality move that God had dealt with a particular people calling them out to himself. So if they were the first fruits, it was a sign that God would have many, many more that would come out after the first fruits. That would be holiness unto the Lord. That's why it's such an important thing that you and I whenever God calls us to himself that we are sanctified and set apart not just by the clothes that you wear and that's part of it. How long your hair is, brothers, whether or not you dress this way and do that. All that's important, but there's more to holiness than just the outside. There's also a holiness in the spirit. And there's a set aartness that God gives us in the way that we live. And that's why no believer under any circumstances should ever marry someone who do does not believe the word. Not only for the defilement of yourself, but you are defiling the position that God gives you, that you are set apart to him. But alas, a lot of people don't believe that. They believe their life is their own. I'll marry who I want. I'll do what I want. God has no say. Well, you know what? You're just proving to me that you do not believe what God says about you. that you are not your own. You are bought with a price. So you don't belong to yourself. Your life is not your own. Your money is not your own. Your home is not even your own. That's right. You belong to the Lord. Can the church say amen to that? Because he bought us and we are set apart. Therefore, our lives belong to him. Now whenever we look then at divine knowledge of how that God wants us to be sealed. Now remember there's seven virtues and each of them will be able to manifest himself in the life of every individual that goes in the rapture. Not everybody that says they believe the message but every individual that goes in the rapture will be sealed and the mercy of God will perform this great sevenfold work in their lives. So they live a godly life, a holy life, a separated life from the world. But not only that, but they will have these divine natures in them by the grace of God. So it will be knowledge, divine knowledge that the word is always right. But it will be knowledge too that will help us when we're going through things in life when life doesn't make any sense. Anybody ever get there? Maybe you're there today. It just doesn't make any sense. Not just the people of the world, but as children of God. Because God will do things in our lives and we will ask him, "Father, please move this way. Please do this and do that." And there's times that God will absolutely say no. And God's no sometimes will turn our world upside down. He will break our hearts. But yet, he does it because he loves us. And sometimes when that happens, it makes no sense whatsoever. Now, we've been looking at Paul and how that God had made known unto Paul a portion of the divine mystery of God for Paul's life. Now, each of you have a portion of God's divine mystery which can may be made known only to you. Now, that's of your life, your call, your walk of what God wants you to be. Read with me if you would in Colossians uh chapter 1:9. And notice as Paul writes this to the church at Colossian, he said, "For this cause we also since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you and desire that you might be filled." Now notice, not with just the Holy Ghost, not just with love, not just with forgiveness and mercy, but that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will. Now, would you notice that the Colossians already had a bit of the knowledge of God for their life, but that wasn't what Paul wanted them to have. Paul actually wanted them to be filled with the knowledge of his will. You know, when I read this, it makes me wonder how many of us as the children of God today fall so short of this verse of scripture in our lives. And we just wonder here and there and tossed about and well, I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't know about this. I don't know about that. Well, and we have to do one of two things with this scripture. We have to believe that God meant this only for the saints at Colass or God also means it for us and the thief is robbing us of this. And the saints said now I believe myself if it was for them it's for me also. So why don't I have it? Well, it can't be because of God. It has to be because of me. I'm being shortch changed and the devil is robbing me of understanding more about my life than what I presently do this morning. For this cause we also since the day we heard it do not cease to pray for you and to desire. So Paul prayed for the saints there and then he also desired that they could be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. So this was a blessing that the elect of God. Now would everybody at Colass receive that? No doubt they wouldn't. But he was praying for the elect. Now maybe maybe you think I'm strange today, but I pray differently according to the spiritual category of people that I'm praying for. I pray for the elect in one way. I pray for the foolish virgin in another way. Now it's not like that I have some type of spiritual insight that I here today can say elect, non-elect, bride, foolish virgin. I ain't talking about that as individuals. I don't know that. Thank God I don't. But I do pray for them categorically that God will help the elect to come to everything they're supposed to have in Christ Jesus that they need for the body change. I also pray for the foolish virgin that they will come in and be saved. I pray for the whosoever will group that they will be able to give their heart to God. Anybody understand what I'm talking about? I do not believe that every family member that I have will be bride. I don't think that I can pray for them if they are foolish virgin and my prayer will change them to becoming bride. But I do pray for them. You know whenever Abraham prayed for Lot, his prayer for Lot did not make Lot elect. And he didn't even pray that way. He just prayed that God would give mercy. And that's exactly what God did. God never even spared Lot for Lot's sake. God spared Lot for Abraham's sake. So it might be your prayers for your family or your loved ones who are not bride that God will save them and spares them. Praise the Lord. So I pray for them categorically depending on where they stand. It's a waste of time really for us to pray for the foolish virgin that they will wind up with all seven virtues. It's totally impossible. They'll never get it. So, I'm going to pray for them in the direction that spiritually they've been ordained to receive them. So, to me, I look at this and Paul is praying again categorically for the saints of God in Colossus that they would receive not just a little bit, but he said that you might be filled. Now this word is filled up to the ut utmost where there is no more room for you to contain it that you would be filled with the knowledge not of his word not where you could just quote the Bible boy you just know the Bible is just quoted right and left Paul wasn't praying for him for that as a matter of fact he never even prayed for that in the New Testament not one time have I found that Paul prayed for the saints of God that every one of them would memorize the New Testament but He what he knew was more important than memorization of scripture was them being able to have an understanding of the will of God for their life. Because you could know the Bible from Genesis to Revelation. But if you don't have a revelation of God for your own walk with God, you can live a complete defeated life every day you live on the earth. Because one day you think you've got the Holy Ghost and the next day you think you ain't. One preacher will preach the baptism of the Holy Ghost and he'll preach it in such a way that you're convinced you've got it. Another preacher will come and preach it maybe a little bit more on the legalistic side and brother Bram said that a preacher can preach the baptism of the Holy Ghost till he'll discourage his congregation. Now that's quite a balance for a man of God, is it not? And then you'll be convinced. Another man will preach it to such a place that you're totally convinced you ain't even got it. You know what you need? You need knowledge of the will of God for where you're standing before the Lord. And because you'll never go on until you're able to attain that that I am sealed with a baptism of the Holy Ghost. Am I without fault? No, that's not even the same thing. Do I still need help in my life? Is there anybody here today besides me that he's still working on you? You know what? I think most of us could sing this song about every day of our life. He's still working on me to make me what I ought to be. Anybody sing that right along with me? Because we know that we are a work in progress. But myself, I don't get up daily struggling with do I have the Holy Ghost. I do not struggle weekly or monthly or by yearly or whatever. Do I have the Holy Ghost? I don't struggle am I foolish virgin? I don't struggle with am I going in a rapture. If there is going if there's going to be a rapture, I am going to be part of it. Either by a resurrection, if I'm gone by the way of the grave, or if I'm alive and changed, I'm going to be a part of it because that's how much I believe what God has done in my heart. And if you don't believe that today, it's time you got to praying. Amen. So God wanted Paul to be able to write this. Now, Paul could have made this just a per a private personal prayer request before the Lord and never even wrote it. But apparently, he was led of the spirit of God. Not only that the saints at Coloss would know this, but I believe God knew before the foundation of the world that I would be preaching this right here today in May 2025. And there would be people in this assembly and people that'll go back and stream the service that they would need to hear this. And God had the apostle Paul not only write it down for then but had it wrote down for us in this day. Now we said that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. Also read with me in Ephesians chapter 5 16. Redeeming the time because the days are evil. If he would say that 2,000 years ago, what would he say now? redeeming the time because the days are evil. Wherefore, be not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is. Be not unwise. Now, this is a word that we use to describe who the unwise virgin of Matthew 25. So, be not unwise about what? about water baptism, about you know women preachers, can they preach is hell eternal? What about the seed of the serpent? No, be not unwise certainly about those things but understanding what the will of the Lord is. Now here we had uh several graduates in this time and no doubt many people around the world they're going through this time and they're trying to find the will of God for the life which is a great important thing but it's beyond your vocation. It's beyond, you know, shall I be a a painter, shall I be a farmer, shall I be a housewife, shall I be this, what shall I be? That's important to the Lord. But God wants us to know who we are in Christ Jesus. I hear the prophet say, "Oh, it means so much nowadays, church, to see ourselves positionally placed in Jesus Christ, knowing that you're not up and down and wishywashy." Now, listen to this. and the believer's position in Christ. In 1955, the prophet said the main thing is if we can find where God's word belongs in our life. Listen to this. If we can find the main thing, the main thing is if we can find where God's word belongs in our life. God sets times and time limits and then it works all to that time. I'll tell you what, what a powerful quote. Now notice this again. He said God sets times and time limits and then it works all to that time. It's amazing to me how that we can be called to do a certain work and you know I I don't I can't say that I understand it but the burden many times will forrun the time and you'll be a burden and you'll feel this and that. Brother Brandham felt it as a boy. As a boy sitting in a school room and he had to borrow a pencil and a piece of paper and he began to write a poem about a lion that he would kill years later. And as he wrote this poem down and then something started pulling him, pulling him toward the west in 1961. He tells his wife, you know, something pulling me out west and we've got to go. And she said, Bill, what about my mother? He said, "What about mine?" And he prayed that God would lift that off of him. About a year later, within that time frame, you've heard the sermon service. What time is it? His mother's passed. In that year, her mother's also passed. But it was like the burden was there and something was pulling. And what did God do? He already had a mother-in-law problem years prior to that. God was going to make sure he didn't have another one. Right? And the church said, "Now watch how people can feel the pull of something and if Satan can't stop you, then he will try to get you to jump ahead of the time frame of what God wants it to be." So there can be a pull and many times the pull from the seed, the pulsation of the seed within a person's soul and they'll feel it and they think because they feel it that the time is synchronized with the pull. Not always. Not necessarily. Now watch this. The will of God then for our lives. How's it? He says, it goes on to say, "Now, when you have a call from God, that doesn't altogether mean you should just jump right out and you're doing the will of God." Now, this will be, of course, for ministers and those who feel like they have a call of God. And many preachers have I talked to through the years and and they feel a call to do this and they jump out there and try to do it and it don't seem to work. No doors open. This don't happen. that don't happen. They may get a door here and maybe one over there in another six months. They think, "What in the world's going on? I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. Boy, here it goes. Here it goes." But I wonder I wonder if God does not have a reason and he's molding and he's shaping. I I'll never forget and brother Daryl came to me years and years ago before he went full-time on the field and brother Daryl was working at the VA and he was also going out preaching. and come to me actually a couple times and said, "Brother Don, you know, I'm feeling this this this pull to go out." I said, "Well, Brother Daryl, do you think you can make it right now? You think you can make it financially? How many doors do you have?" And he told me at the time, Henman was there. I said, "Brother Daryl, I I mean, I'll pray with you, buddy." I said, "But to me, God will open the doors when he wants you to go full-time. It'll just all be there before you." He said, "All right, I'm praying. I'm praying." I prayed with him, and we just kept waiting and praying, waiting and praying. He come back to me again. Felt that pulsation even greater. By then there was enough doors around the message that was open and he said, "Brother Donnie, I'm bring a feeling into my heart." God opened the doors. Well, that's past history. You know the rest of it now. Because God has so blessed our brother. But he felt a pull. He felt a pulsation. But even in his own heart wondering about the timeline, I think it was pretty evident that the pulsation and the pull and the timeline was not yet quite synchronized because God has a time. And the church says now when you have a call from God that God that doesn't altogether mean that you're just to jump right out and you're doing the will of God. We have to find the will of God and the time of God to do it. Oh my. Moses thought, well, the children of Israel understand now that I'm to be their deliverer. So, he starts out to do so and he killed a man. And he found that the children of Israel didn't understand. Isn't it amazing? A man like Moses and he felt that pull in his mother telling him on her knees, you're you're the boy. you're the one that God's going to use. I just know it, Moses. And he would hear that. And what did Satan try to do? Mess up the timeline with the call of God. And he went right out and done it. I've seen it before with men that feel like they're called to be pastors. And they try to go out and start a work, nothing becomes of it. They go here and start another, nothing becomes of it. Or they go over here and get in a church and cause a split, nothing comes of it. Why? If God's in it, you don't have to make it happen. God himself will synchronize the time with the call. And then what do they do? Mess up the whole program of God because they missed the timeline. Now look at Moses after he does this and he has the blood of this Egyptian on his hands the rest of his ministry. How many preachers do we have that have blood as we would say on their hands because they missed the timeline? Now I know some of you ain't going to like this quote but I'm going to quote it anyway. when brother Ram talks about listen to his mother-in-law and he said it was the worst mistake I ever made in my life and he said when I stand before the Lord that day I will have to give an account for many souls come on message people I will have to give account for many souls Christ the ministry of God revealed when he talked about coming back into Jeffersonville he said every time I come back in through the knobs which was a high place there coming in the road he said every time I come through here I break out in hives Everything is dark and spooky. He said, "Why?" Cuz he still makes it hard on me because I didn't go out the first time. Now, notice timing is so important to God. Not just with preachers, of course, but with all of us in our life. And maybe some of you at that spot and you think, "I ain't doing nothing. Nothing's being accomplished in my life." Put your life in the hands of God. Don't try to make things happen. I would rather wait and be sure they that wait upon the Lord that's the thing my brother sister notice then he says about this about Moses of course notice again and earnestly contend for the faith I I think this is phenomenal Jesus done nothing in himself until he saw a vision of what the father said do then he went and done it listen these next two words That's Christianity. It makes you realize how many professed Christians don't have Christianity cuz they know nothing about the will of God. So they jump ahead of the world. The Lord Jesus was here to save the lost. Why in the world Why in the world would the father God wait for 30 years? before he'd ever fill him with the Holy Ghost. Yes, sir. Wasn't that 30 years wasted? I gave my heart to the Lord when I was 12. How come Jesus didn't go down the river and get the Holy Ghost at 12? Couldn't you done a whole lot more for God? No. You do more for God when you're on the timeline for God than when you do it by multiplication of years and this and this. But that's not the way we think. Oh, some of you is resenting it. I can feel it now. Go right ahead and resent it. But you're resenting God's word. Who would think God would make a man like John the Baptist put him through all that he went through on the back side of the desert and use the man for six months of ministry. Come on. And the God of heaven comes down to the earth in a created body and morphed himself into that human body that we call Jesus Christ. And God done more work in that three and a half years than he had done from there on back. Praise the Lord. But the way we look at it, it's always numbers. It's bigger. It's bigger. It's more. It's more. We're thinking wrong. God can do more with us in 6 months time if it's within his time frame than he could do with us in 56 years of our time. Oh my. You see why we need knowledge about the will of God for our lives. Now watch, let me read this to you again. I I thought this is such an awesome awesome quote. Then he went and done it. That's Christianity doing the will of God. That's Christianity doing the will of God. That was his life. That's what Jesus did. So what will Jesus do in you and I? That's what he wants to do. Christianity in our lives in God's time in how long it will be. How long will it last? God may call a man even in this day and use him for 10 years, five years, 15 years. Who knows? And people say, "Man, his ministry's just getting started and God take him off the earth." And people think it was cut off in his prime. No, not if God took him. It didn't. God used him. God set a timeline and God took him off the earth. Amen. And the church said, notice now the spirit of God as it started dealing with Paul about this place in his life with this thorn in the flesh that we've been looking at. And he said unto me, 2 Corinthians 12:9, "My grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness." Now notice what God is doing. God is not building upon now the virtue of faith and giving Paul more faith. God isn't giving him more virtue or strength. God isn't giving him more patience. God hasn't given him more uh godliness or brotherly kindness. But God is sharing with him a portion of the divine knowledge of God which only father knew. Only father knew this. And he gives this understanding to Paul so that Paul can be changed by this divine knowledge and it will not only change him but by this example it will change millions of Christians that will read this scripture thereafter. People's lives are still being changed today because of this knowledge. And he said unto me, my grace is sufficient. So he asked for deliverance and got grace. He asked for healing and got grace. He asked for God to take it away from him, but God didn't take it. God left it, but God gave grace. Amen. So now Paul then didn't get angry. I can't believe you. I can't believe you. I I'm beat for you. I'm persecuted for you. I go through all these things of my life for you and I've got my own personal need and you won't even hear me. The reason he didn't do that was God had given to him divine knowledge about the will of God for his life. Do any of us want to hear these things about the will of God for our life? Most of us don't. Healings, miracles, signs, wonders. Oh my, we all get in the line first for that. How many wants to be tried and tested? We all stand at the end of the line. Amen. God's got a draft when it comes for trials and tests. The volunteer army is very, very small. So God has a draft for those and God don't say, "What about it, Lance? You want me to do this?" Or, "What about it, Caleb? What about this kid?" No, we say, "No, no, Lord. I prefer my brother. Let brother Donnie have my trials. Let so and so have my I I prefer my brother, Lord. That's okay. You want somebody to try, that's all right. Give it to Give it to my brother. I prefer them." So God just drafts and say, "You, you, you, you." You You You say, "No, no, don't shut up. You you you that's right. Now notice what this does to Paul. Look why we need knowledge. Most gladly. Therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities. Help me Jesus. Amen. Help me, Jesus. Most gladly, therefore, will I rather glory in my infirmities. And this is the reason why, that the power of Christ may rest upon me. You understand our faith didn't do this. Brotherly kindness didn't do this. What was it that changed his view? totally the opposite of what he had prayed for. Divine knowledge of the will of God for his life. Notice God rich in mercy. Brother Bam says, "See, I want to do his will and I ask him for something sometimes." And he shakes his head, "No." Yes, sir. Amen. I just rejoice so much about that. as I can if he said yes. Amen. Okay. All of you that need help again, go ahead and put your hand back up now. Now, can we say this? It's okay. Nobody move a muscle. We don't want to take you the wrong way. We're not doing doing an auction here today. Can we say this with all of our hearts that we pray and pray? Oh God, do this. Oh God, do that. God, don't take my baby. God, don't do this. Please, God, don't do that. Hear my prayer. Hear my prayer, Lord. We quote the scripture. We join together with the brothers and sisters and we turn in prayer requests and we post it on Facebook. Well, there are a few things that thing's even good for. And we post it on Facebook and we confess his word and we believe it. Every day we get up. Yes. Yes. God's going to do this. God's going to do that. And he'll let you go for weeks and months, sometimes in total silence, and then all of a sudden, God shakes his head. That's right. Amen. Yes, sir. And you say, "Glory to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus." Come on. We need knowledge of the will of God. Now listen to this. This is a man who lost loved ones. This is a man whenever he's laying there, his wife is laying there, excuse me, and she says, "Bill, you know why I'm going, don't you?" Oh, he said it like to broke my heart. You know why I'm going, don't you? God took his wife. God took his baby. God took his daddy. God took his brother within months apart. Nearly crushed him, tried to commit suicide. Had it not been for the grace of God, he would have done so. because the intention and the purpose he felt like he could not live why God said no. So we're not talking about a man that is just preaching theology but a man who's been there. Listen what he says. Because we always ought to ask thy will be done. his nos, if that's his will, it's a whole lot better than his yeses. Oh, yeah. But see, friend, why do nos hurt us so bad? Cuz we take it personal. And a lot of the nos have to do with our own personal loss. That's right. It's not what I wanted. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's still working on me. I don't know about you all. It's a whole lot better than his yeses. If it's his will to do it, that now notice that's when you really love him. You see, this is why people will quit serving God. when they pray over something and pray over something and God says no and they just turn away. What? Forget it. Forget it. They didn't really love him in the first place. Not right. That's right. But when God says no, this is the thing about nose. No can break our heart. I shared this quote today with brother Tim and brother Ron. I said to brother Tim, "Little buddy, I know you know this quote here. I know you're still dealing with it." He said, "Yes, and the pain will never stop until we meet him again." So, it's not like you buy the wrong car and you just say, "Man, I didn't buy a lemon. I bought a whole bag of them. I'm trading this thing. I'm getting rid of it. I'm I'm fixing this." Sometimes God's nose are so big and so major, it will affect you for the rest of your life. So, it's not like you can go there prayer like, "Brother, pray for me." God said no. and pray that God will heal this spot in my heart and pray that I'll get over it today. And the man like God lay his hand on you. You waffle in there. Praise God. It's over. It's over. It's done. Hallelujah. So Paul had a release from the throne of God with an element of divine knowledge and he said most gladly. Therefore I count it a privilege to be afflicted that my trials might bring God more glory. Testing. One, two, three. I I think we've had a disconnect here. One, two. Is everybody hearing me? Okay, y'all back in the mezzanine, y'all. Okay. Wave. Wave your hands at me, people in the back. All right. All right. How could he do this? What brotherly kindness? It wasn't virtue. He wasn't ministering that to nobody else yet. He had to get it first himself. Once he got it, then he could so change the way he looked at it. Yes, sir. It would almost make him seem like a neurotic. Someone who had lost their mind. I'm enjoying his favor. Imagine when he get up one morning and he never knew when it would hit him. might have went to bed the night before and he wrote some sermon notes and he could see crystal clear. The next morning he'd get up, the eyes were swollen shut and he called for somebody to come and help him. He couldn't he couldn't find nothing in his room and tell him to bring him some warm water and maybe he could wash his eyes. God had given him a great revelation. They had great meetings up and down the island of Cree. Over a hundred cities had come and they went back and he sent Timothy back and Titus to be able to establish the churches and pastors and actually have a great meeting and a great campaign. Then he get up the next morning. Paul say, "Glory to God. Glory to God. The success must been greater than what I thought. It must have been awesome." You okay today, Paul? Yeah, I'm doing pretty good. How y'all doing? Who is this I'm talking to? Oh, brother Paul, you're you're the church age messenger. Surely surely just lay hands on yourself. Oh, brother, I can't do that. You see, God has allowed this to be upon me. But it's for his power. It's for his glor. Can you imagine that have to lead him to the pull pit? Brother Paul, when you go up there, there's a rail there. It's kind of goes off to your left there. And just be careful, brother. We know you get excited when you preach. And be careful because there's some steps going down there. We don't want you to break your neck when you're going down there. Just be really, really careful. on his priest. Hallelujah. My Christ is an almighty God. He raised from the dead. He's a great deliverer. Anybody here need healing today? Anybody need devils cast out of you? And they'd walk up there and God would open their eyes and God would heal their crippled legs. G. And then somebody would have to lead him back off the platform and shame and humiliation for the glory of God. Yeah. Don't you understand how bad the devil would love to have people like you? All these believe the sign people that hate us so much. Let me just give you a little bit of insight. They wished they would give their item mama used to say they would give their item mighty warriors on their side. I guarantee you one thing. Every devil in hell wish that they could get a hold to brother Daryl or they could get a hold to some of other these other men of God and turn them against the message of the hour. You think the devil wouldn't love to have men like that with zeal? You think the devil wouldn't love to have some of you young people that give your heart, your soul, your mind, your body, your strength to the power of almighty God. And what does the devil get? Sorry, lazy, no good, rotten, good for nothing. But how he'd love to have people like you, but the Lord God done laid his claim on you before the foundation of the world. And he can say about his bride, "Nobody loves me the way she does." And I can tell her no, and she still loves me. I won't answer her prayer and she still loves me. And the devil said, "I wish I had some people like that." Amen. But you see, we're not for sale. [Applause] Amen. We're already bought and prayed for. We are not for sale. I will glory in my infirmities. You see now infirmities are not besetting sins that he's talking about. It's not corruptions and sins in his life. That would be blasphemous to say such a thing. Notice again in verse 10, it says, "Therefore I take read it pleasure. I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses. Truly, this man was one in a million. I hope we've got at least one or two more here with him. What in the world has happened to this man? Yes. Can you imagine the people that they probably saw, poor old guy, much studying has made him mad? He's rejoicing. This man, I I heard him say it. I heard him preach it. He's rejoicing. I take pleasure. Can I share with you the meaning of these words? I take pleasure. The word pleasure, be well pleased, think good, to do willingly, to be ready to to be favorably inclined towards one. Help me, Jesus. Let me raise both legs if I can get them up, too. Now we take pleasure in wealth and health and happiness and goodness and newer cars and newer houses and finer clothes and mall this and mall that and big vacations and whatever more. Well, that's our pleasure. That's where we get our pleasures and things out here. Oh my. Wow. I take pleasure in infirmities and infirmity means weakness, disease, sickness, want of strength to bear trials and troubles. You imagine Paul saying, "I take pleasure in one of strength." But do we? We despise it, don't we? Y'all love weakness? Anybody here love weakness? Anybody here love fear and frustrations and downtime in life? I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, hurt, harm, holiness, a wrong springing from insolence, injury, inflicted, oh my goodness, notice this. want of strength and infirmities and then it reproaches hurt, harm, holiness, a wrong springing from insulence and you are taking pleasure in that. I'm a injury inflicted by the violence of a temptist. Violence. We're talking about a man who was in the deep 14 days and nights and never saw the sun one day. And I complain about flying on a plane for seven hours at 576 miles an hour and hitting turbulence in the violence. You imagine the spirit of God moving with such a knowledge of God to this man. It totally transformed him. probably even some of the saints said, "Have you noticed Paul? He's been acting really weird. He's been saying strange stuff. He's been saying, "Thank God. Thank God for these things we're going through, church. Thank God that he counted us worthy." He looked at us before the world began and said, "I want some people that can not only trust me for miracles and healings and signs and wonders. I want some people that will trust me when they have no answers at all." That's right. They look in the scripture. They look in the message. They go to church service after service and they beg me. They beg me for answers. And they leave service after service with hardly any to their questions of life. But they keep going back again. Yeah. And again and again and again. Instead of accusing me and saying how bad I am, they say, "Lord God, thank you for your mercy. Thank you for all that you mean to me. Thank you, Lord God, for all I've seen in my days. Thank you for pulling me out of the darkness of the world. Thank you for sanctifying me. Thank you for filling me with the Holy Ghost. Thank you for giving me a good family. Thank you for giving me a good pastor. Thank you for giving us a prophet. Thank you for giving us your church. I wish somebody would preach with me this morning. You have got so much to thank him for. Or you can go around with a mully grubs and feeling so sorry for yourself. Why don't you get sick and tired of feeling sorry for yourself and say, "God, you're my joy. You're my healer. You are my deliverer. Yes, sir. Oh my. Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, distress, necessary, needful, calamity, distress, and straits. Now, wait a minute. I thought the Bible said, David writing it, I once was young and now I'm old and I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread. But the Lord Jesus gives us a parable of a man laying at the gate of a rich man who was begging for bread. You see, friend, God's word has to be put in its right place or you'll make God a liar. That's what people are doing in this message, too. They're taking the message out of its exact per exact perplexed place that they find their minds into because they're pulling the message out and putting it with this. See there? See there? See this don't line up. That don't line up. It's not that it don't line up. It's you that don't line up with your thinking. It's got a proper place to put it into. And when we take it out, we'll make God a liar. Oh my. Well, I saw the Bible. Doesn't the Bible teach us that my God shall supply all of your need? Well, how come Paul isn't having his met? I know this ain't very deep, but it'll give you something you can take home with you hopefully. That's right. My my he says, "I pleasure infirmities and reproaches and necessities when my daily me needs aren't even being met." So he said he was in hunger and perils among brethren and perils among the countrymen. One thing after another after another. That's right. Imagine them demons out of hell must have said, "What kind of man is this?" That's what I want them saying about me before I leave this place. That's what I hope they can say about you before you leave this place. What kind of young girl is this? What kind of young man is this? What kind of preacher is this? No matter what we throw at them, they get right back up again. We knock them down. They get back up again. And we hear them. We hear them as they pray and they tell God, "Lord, I don't know if you even love me anymore or not. It seemed like you've forgotten my name. Lord, I'm going to church today and if you don't move for me, I don't know if I'll go back or not." We seen them go in there and sat down. We caused 13 crying babies to get around them. And they hit them with a lifesaver. They hit them with a rattler. They done this and that. And they thought, "Well, I might as well not get nothing out of service. I guess I'll go home." And they left church without anything. And you know what? They down on Wednesday night about 6:00 they started getting ready to go again and we said where you going and they said church hallelujah we have church on Wednesday night and I'm going to church and the devil are saying what kind of people are they what kind of people are they heard him say [Applause] no we saw him say no. And we thought that no would destroy them. And then we come around tempting them and said, "Are you going to quit serving God?" And you know what they said? No. They're saying what papa said. We need nos. We need nos sometimes. I like hunting turkeys. You ain't got nothing to worry about unless you're a turkey. And you watch them little pts in the spring. And that mother now, the gobbler, the mail bird, he he stays away from them. But that little hen, that that mama, she she's got certain sounds, purr and a cluck. And each little sound has a significant sound. Them little turkeys come out of them eggs, they don't know nothing from nothing. They don't know a fox from a hound. They don't know a hound from a jack rabbit. They don't know nothing. But they watch mama. Now mama that ugly head, I mean, she'll take that head and she'll them little ps will go, I don't know why they're even doing that, but mama's doing it. Let's get a tribute to Mother's Day. Mother turkeys. They don't know what they they don't go to turkey school. They don't graduate from turkey school. So mama will purr and cluck and then they'll see mama. She goes off the roost cuz turkeys roost at night. So mama will go down the big gobber. They'll fly down in the morning. and they go to moving around, you know, and printing their feathers or whatever more they do, getting the dust and all that sort of thing off of them little bitty old guys, they'll fly down there and just say, "What's that mean?" I don't know. Do you understand what that mean? I don't understand. I'm going to try to do it. I ain't got it yet, but I'm I'm going to work on it. I'm working on my prayer. That's what I'm trying to work on you this morning. All right. Except we're not a bunch of turkeys. We're eagles. Hallelujah. And we need to know how to say no sometime. Where we going to get it? Not from our mother, from our father. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm glad my father knows how to say no. Because when I mess up so bad sometimes like you do and the devil goes up before the throne of God with my report card. And he said, "Huh?" Look like Donnie got an F here and F there, left F there. I did give him an A for stupidity and he got an A+ for ignorance. That's what most of us raise students, right? Spiritually. Yes, brother. And he asked my lawyer. So, you done with him? My lawyer said, "But you don't understand. I loved him before you were ever in existence, Lucifer. I thought of him before the world. ever be give up on him? No, never, never. I know the thoughts that I think toward you, they are good and not of evil. Are you going to turn your back on them, Lord Jesus? They brought so much pain on you. They've had so much sad this and that and the other to your priesthood. Are you getting tired of them? No. Never. Never. I can never leave them. I can never forsake them. Those are part of our language. So when the devil comes back to us, well, you've done this and you've done that and God didn't hear you. Are you going to quit serving him? Answer me. Are you going to give up on him? Are you going to lay down your cross and say no more? Are you pressing on? Don't say no. Now you see yeses have their place and nos have their nos. Only more that overcomers can we press ever wave by the grace of God. Yes. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Therefore, I take pleasure and infirmities and reproaches and necessities and persecutions and distresses. distresses, anguish, a narrow place, metaphorically, dire calamity, extreme [Music] affliction, dire calamity, and Paul's still taking pleasure. The devil probably said, "Just let him alone. He ain't he ain't going to hurt nobody. The man's lost his mind. Poor guy. I mean, he's totally just flipped out. He's He's of no consequence. Do you think anybody is going to read this that he wrote down in the Bible? Millions will raise their hands on that day. You imagine going to brother Paul and said, "Brother Paul, thank you for writing that in second Corinthians cuz I was in anguish, too. I was in distress. I I was in in need of this and need of that." And papa said, "No, but thank you, brother Paul, because that was one of my favorite scriptures." And I went back over and over and I said to God, "God, if you could do this for Paul, you can do it for me." What about you this morning? Do you think God is your God as well as he was Paul's God? Is he the God not only of Elijah, but he's the God of the bride? Hallelujah. Let me close here momentarily. Hebrews 13:5. Let your conversation be without covetousness, and be content with such things as you have, for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee. So that we may boldly say, "The Lord is my helper and I will not fear what man shall do unto me." Notice the prophet says, "Share knowledge, not worldly but spiritual knowledge of the word, knowing that what God said, do what God said." That's right. Then if you've got that and you can believe all these things that he's the same and all these things the word you can punctuate every word. Oh Lord, if you can punctuate every one of them, saints, with an amen, add that to your faith. Can't you see why folks in the message aren't any farther along? They think knowledge has been able to quote quotes and knowledge of dates and times and events. that's happened in brother Bram's life and that that's wonderful. But you also need some knowledge of events of what's happened in your life. What God done for brother Brandham is wonderful, but what about me? What what experience do I have with God? What experience do you have with God? Can you be able to go back to a spot and put your foot down and say, "All right, devil. From this day on, I'm through with you. I'm through with you. I'm tired of you robbing me of my joy. I'm tired of you robbing me of the happiness of my seal. Listen to me. I'm tired of you robbing me for the happiness and the satisfaction of my seal. We're not sealed today as a church. We're not sealed as a message movement. We are sealed as individuals. Yes, sir. And there is a happiness that comes with our seal. Oh, hallelujah. You punctuate that with an amen. Add that to your faith. That's amazing because God does the work and then he wants you to observe the work that he does and then he's waiting for your amen to tell him this is it. Father, I take that and I add it. Don't you understand? You and him are building this house together. He does the hard part. He just leaves you with a spiritual mass. I love it too because in this this mass here, it's only adding and never subtracting. And the stature of a perfect man is add add. As a matter of fact, the prophet called it seven adds. Seven adds add. So where's the multiplication? Where's the subtraction? In this particular type, we leave all the rest of them out. We're focusing right now on ads. Oh, glory to God. Well, isn't there multiplication and division and subtraction? Yeah. The Lord's subtracting the evil out of our hearts, the unbelief out of our life. He's multiplying grace. Well, glory to God. He divided us from the things of the world. But right now, we're focusing on add add until you are changed. M let me close yet. If somebody tries to tell you that the Bible has lost its power, that there's no such a thing as the baptism of the Holy Ghost, don't add that. It won't work. It'll fall off. Like putting clay on a rock. It won't stand up. It'll crumble. Then people tell you what, the Bible can't be trusted today. The Bible can't be trusted. Oh my. You be careful now. It can't be trusted. You heard that all the time. Little saying, you can't trust the Bible. Well, if you've got that in your mind, don't try to add it cuz it won't work. The whole building will fall down right there. She's got to be morted by the Holy Spirit. I mean, stuck together. the mortar that seals it. And the same thing that seals it. You know the way a vulcanized tube. There's a big portion of this congregation, they don't know what a tube is. You've been raised on tubeless tires your whole life. I'm afraid that's what's wrong with all the message folks. They're Holy Ghostless. Like tubeless. They got a mental conception. the message and the powers of hell come against them, they turn right back to the world. Oh my. Notice he says, you get a vulcanized tube, it always lasts longer than just an old stuck on patch. Mhm. A little heat gets stuck on an old patch on a tire and the first thing you know, you get that tire a little bit hot and run a little fast and it'll melt off. And that's what's the matter with a whole lot of people today. They try to stick their worldly knowledge or worldly knowledge on with a little old earthly glue. And when the trials come, well, maybe I was wrong. There goes the air and they're deflated in a few minutes. All your shouting and your jumping up and down didn't do you any good. And the people sees you right back in the same puddle again. That's right. But if you stay there with enough heat of the Holy Ghost till it makes you and the tube one, you and the two becomes one. And I put this note here underneath that. The original YouTube. Oh, hallelujah. The original YouTube. God, we don't want no patch of message. We don't want no patch of church entity. We don't want no patch of word of life. We want a vulcanized act of the Holy Ghost that so heats us. Hallelujah. Till we and the Lord Jesus melt into one. [Applause] Let's stand. enough heat of the Holy Ghost till it makes you and the tube one. That's it. You and the two become one. And when you stay there till you and every promise of God, you and every promise of God becomes one, then add that to your faith. If you don't don't add it at all. You say, "Well, the word can't be trusted." Don't try to add that. If you say the promises are here, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it was only meant for the twelve apostles, like some churches say today, don't try to add that. That's where foundations all crumbled up. Oh, children, how we love emotion and singing and music and we love all that, but that's not what vulcanizes us. Any of y'all know what what I'm talking about when it comes to the tube? About a dozen people. Lord have mercy. How old are some of y'all? Y'all look older than that. I mean, I'm just saying. So I never did have Harry and I didn't have many toys and stuff like that cuz we was raised very very poor. But my cousins, our cousins would every now and then Gary would he won a bicycle race one time at the stock car race in Monosel. He won a bicycle. Man, that was a big prize. So you know what he done with his used bicycle? He gave it to us. Well, the wheel was a little wobbly and it was scratched up and this and that and every now and then we get a flat tire in that bicycle. Now, them tires had tubes in them. So, I learned how to patch them. So, what you do is you have to take the tire the wheel off, of course. Then you take the tire at least halfway off. Sometimes you could remove one side and be able to reach in and pull the tube out. And then you go to looking left. Now what you do then is you blow it out. Find the hole. You see that's what's happened to some of y'all this morning. That's why you're puffed up. They had the Holy Ghost had a windbag of a preacher to blow you up. What am I looking for? Holes. That's good. Now, sometimes them things is hard to find. So, what you do is take them and baptize them. I've baptized many a tube, I'll tell you. And what you do is you blow it up and then you stick it down in water and then it'll start bubbling up. Then you stick your hand down in on the tube and you pull it out. Now, you have to scruff it up. You have to dry it. get real good and dry. And they'd come in a little kid about that big around and then about that tall maybe. And on the top of that lid, that metal lid was I don't know how to describe it to you, but just sort of like a sandpaper. And you'd scruff it up. Preaching does that to us, don't it? Scruffs us up really bad. But you see, if you don't, it won't stick. So you scruff it up. Depending on the size of the hole, you had different size of patches. Now, them little patches come with a little white clear type liner on the back half in the middle. So, you pull it open like this. They had to do it fast. You scruff it up. Take it. Lay it out like this. Got to scruff it out. All right. Hold it there, Harry. Hold it. Man, there's fixed several several different ones of them. Hold it now. And you have to put the glue on there. Then you've got to get a match or a lighter or something and you got to set that thing on fire. Glory. I'll tell you, this prophet might have been simple, but he had some profound things to say. So, you set that glue on fire and you've got to let it burn just so long where it'll kill all the world. I I mean g get this tube up real hot cuz what you want to do is make this tube and this patch become one. Lord children, how many have we pulled out of the Baptist church and the church of God and this and that and other and we've just stuck a little Malachi 4 glue on them and said, "Glory to God, you got her, brother." Amen. But what we need some Holy Ghost and fire to light them up. And man, when that thing catches on fire, it'll like that. So, like it did on the day of Pentecost. Peter got all scruffed up and John all got all scruffed up and Mary got scruffed up and my there appeared unto them a great patch lighter and the Holy Ghost come inside of there and tongues of fire set on each of them and the spirit of God lit. Now, you got to move fast. You got to move fast because you're heating up that glue just enough to make the molecules and the things that that's made out of and hair so much. Hard riding, swinging on grape vines, which we was pretty tough on them bicycles and riding. You done had it. You ready? Hey, you ready? Yeah. Let's do it. All right. Then you see that thing on there and you roll it. You're rolling. I tell you what, I've seen them to where you'd go back out and ride that thing and hit a rock, hit somewhere else, and it would make a new hole in another place before it would come back off that place right there. If it was done right, sir, young people, as your pastor, that's what I want to happen to you. May the spirit of God light your souls till he sends down the Holy Ghost. Not just a baptism in your spirit. An old coal patch. I've done that, too. An old coal patch and you just get take it out and stick it on there. It'll last for a while, but it won't seal you to the day of your redemption. Amen. Praise God. Don't you love him today? Let's marry us if you are. Oh Jesus, my father, I pray, Lord, through these simple illustrations, dear God, may we be able to receive something, Lord, that'll help us that'll change us. or I doubt there's probably a handful of people out of the hundreds that are here today that don't need an element of your knowledge in their life. Maybe it's about a child. Maybe it's about a husband, a wife, how to deal with them, how to do this or do that, a trial they're going through, the vocation, what they should become. Lord, as a pastor, I'm faced with so many decisions that can affect this church. I need you, Lord. I don't want to lead them in the wrong way, Father. Help me, Lord. I need you daily. It's not like, Lord God, that we get one dose of knowledge and that does us good the rest of our lives. We're facing things we've never faced before. I mean these people as I look at them fathers some of them I I married their mothers and fathers and I dedicated them as children as little babies. Now I'm old enough and seen so much of it that now I'm marrying their children before long dedicating their babies. Lord God, we need you. We need you like never before. We need faith and virtue. Oh, but God, we need knowledge. Give me knowledge and wisdom to guide your people. I know I have to stand before you one day and answer for every sermon that I've ever preached. Help me, God, as I counsel your people when they come to my office, Lord, and each one of them I realize I have to answer for at that day. Help me. Help these fathers and mothers. Maybe their children are going through things and they've never been this way before. They don't know what to do. They don't know what to say to them. They don't know how to affect them and how to influence them in the right way. Help each of us, Lord. Help our youth leaders. Help our Sunday school teachers, our deacons, the minister brothers, all of us, Lord. As ley, we need your knowledge. Oh, great God. If there's any here today, Father, maybe they've never even tried to make a repair on their life, but they're losing air quick. May the Holy Ghost come by this way and light them on fire, Father, and seal them. Maybe some Lord have tried the cold patch remedy, but they find theirel today at their wits end and they don't know what to do. And they just they they know there's something missing. They just know there's something missing. as Carol and I was talking about it yesterday and she reminded me when she came to you and gave her heart to you and then she received a baptism of the Holy Ghost in Pentecost. But yet she cut her hair and when she read the token, she said she knew when she read that she did not have what that prophet was talking about. So she stayed up all night long crying, praying, seeking no face. And the next morning, I did not see a woman with a cold patch, but I saw a woman that had been vulcanized. Hallelujah. By the Holy Ghost. a woman that you and your divine wisdom could take from her. One of the greatest things you could give a woman, a child, she's cried. How many tears have I seen her shed and how many have I not seen? But because you vulcanized her that day and you said no, she loves you now more than ever before. Like I do, like her sister Elishia does, her husband Lance, her children. Hallelujah. And all yesterday as we saw him and Ellie and their graduation and we dealt with mixed emotions. so happy for them and the milestone in their life yet so wishing their mama could be there. And I shed many tears like the others did. But Lord, because you've deposited a little bit of this knowledge in our hearts that you make no mistakes and your word is perfect. Then when we get done wiping our tears, we can say, "The Lord gives and the Lord takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Oh Jesus, may the great vulcanizer of the Holy Spirit pass through this place today. May you change lives, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. with every head bowed, please. No one looking around. I wonder if there's any here today that know or you're in question about whether or not you have the Holy Ghost. You You know you don't have it or you're just you're just not certain. Would you just raise your hand up to the Lord? And God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Now, I'm going to ask the rest of you there. You don't know who they were. You don't really need to, but I'm going to ask you to do me a favor if you would. I'm going to ask you to just lay your hand maybe over on their shoulder there. If it, brother, if you're standing beside a sister, it's not your wife and you feel uncomfortable doing that, just just move out of the aisle if you'd like to. Um, but let's just pray for one another. Maybe there's some here today that's gone through such a trial in your life that you don't know what to do. You don't have the answer. You don't know which way to turn, but may the Lord Jesus give you knowledge. May you be filled with the knowledge of God about his will for your life. Hallelujah. Brother Jonathan, come here. Pray for pray for the people. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, help us today, Father. Oh Lord, as we come, Lord, at this special time, in this moment, how you're moving in our hearts and Oh, God. I Lord, I just as a young person, Lord, to see these these prophecies and things coming true, Lord. And it it just so special time, Lord Jesus. But it just makes my heart reach out, Lord, for my brothers and my sisters, Lord. Dear God, Lord, what's more important to us, Lord? Lord, as someone who's young, Lord, and I have a whole life ahead seemingly, but Lord, what's more important than getting to know you, Lord? And Lord Jesus, passing everyone every day, Lord, going to that graduation and seeing so many young people, Lord, just thinking about their future, thinking about their plans. But do they even care about you, Father, or Lord, to be so blessed to come to a place, Lord Jesus, where my desire, Lord, is not to myself, Lord, but for you, oh Lord Jesus, if there be anyone else in this room, Lord, anyone younger, anyone older, Lord, no matter the age, you see our hearts, Lord, and we're crying out to you. Father, fill us, Lord. Change us, Lord. Bring us closer to you, oh God. We worship you, Lord Jesus. You're so close, Lord. That's never been closer before, Father. But Lord, if if you came down, Lord, and said it wouldn't be for another hundred years, Father. May it so be in my heart, Lord Jesus, that no matter what would come my way, Lord, I just want to see the next day, Lord. I want to see it today, Father. Change my heart, Lord. Change our lives, Lord Jesus. Make us more like you, Lord. Where we can truly look, Lord, at one another, Lord, and see, God, where we can look in the word and say, "Father, that's me, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. Bless us, Lord Jesus, to be more like you. And Lord, when it gets hard, Lord, when we don't understand, Father, may we just praise you anyways, Lord Jesus. We'll understand it when we get there, Lord. Give us your mercy. We love you and we trust you, Lord Jesus. Change our hearts, oh God. We love you, oh God. Bless it now, Lord, in Jesus name. May we worship you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. We worship you, Lord. We worship you, oh God. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Let's just worship him now bit before we go. Can we hear my humble cry? Yes, Lord God. Yes, Lord God. Don't pass me. Don't pass me, Lord Jesus. I need you like never before, Lord. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Can we sing that everybody together again? Oh, I'm crying Savior. Oh my blessed [Music] s my Thank you Lord God. Thank you Lord God while all others are [Music] calling master to hallelujah don't pass by. Oh, I'm crying. Saveior. Oh my blessed [Music] Savior. Hear my humble cry. While while others thou art calling, Jesus do do not pass me by. We're crying. [Applause] Saveior. Oh my savior. Oh my humble cry. Oh wow. While all others down are cold. Jesus do do not pass me by. Pass me not. Oh gentle [Music] savior here my humble cry Jesus while on others thou art Holy do not pass. Thank you Lord Jesus. Don't pass me by. Don't pass. Everybody now think it's your prayer. Crying save. Oh Savior. Oh my savior. Save me from myself. Save me from my dreams if they're contrary to you. Save me from my ambitions if they're contrary to you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. while others [Music] out. Oh, you please don't pass me by. We're [Music] crying. [Music] Oh, here my cry. [Music] Oh wow. While others out are [Music] [Music] calling do not pass me. [Music] will cry and [Applause] sayior. Oh [Music] save hear my [Music] humble cry. Oh, while while all others out are [Music] cold, do not pass me by. [Music] We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right [Music] now we lift our hands, bow our knees and worship at your throne. We need you Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We say, Lord, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Oh yes, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. More than ever we lift our hands, bow our knees and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you. I need you desperately. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you. I will lift my hands, bow my knees and worship your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Come with your spirit, Lord, with your spirit. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We lift our hands. We bow our knees and worship at your throne. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Applause] [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord. We lift our hands. We bow our knees and worship at your throne. We need you Lord. We need you, Lord, [Music] right? Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Jesus. We need you, Lord. Lord, we need you, Lord, right now. We lift our hands, bow our knees, and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. Lord, we need you, Lord, right now. Oh, you are the healer, healer of my heart. [Music] maker and the God of all we are. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Lord God. [Music] I was a broken vessel in your hands. You looked beyond the hurt and made me whole [Applause] again. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that song before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you ever. May I praise you, healer of my heart. [Music] Nothing compares Lord to knowing you and seeing what the grace of God can [Music] do You faithfully saw me and called me your own and made the way to bring my wondering heart back home. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. Lord I gave my heart to you. Love the song before I knew you. [Music] has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you. Healer of my [Laughter] heart. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay down before the mener. Lord, I gave my heart to you. Love the sun before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. [Music] Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you. Healer of my heart. Sing it as you go this morning. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord I give my heart to [Music] you. Love the song before I knew you. Has brought me near to where you [Music] are. Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you, healer of my [Music] heart. Oh, nothing compares Lord to knowing [Music] you and seeing what the grace of God can do. [Music] for you faithfully sought me and call me your own and made the way to bring my wondering heart back home. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord I give my heart to you. Love the song before I leave. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
