################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - A Light In The Darkest Hour - Bro. Joe Harrah - Joe Harrah.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    A Light In The Darkest Hour - Bro. Joe Harrah
Speaker:  Joe Harrah
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o48VHvWQGyk
========================================

Description:
05/25/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, what will it be when we get over [Music] yonder? Say it. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. I want you to stand and sing with all your heart. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throne upon the glassy sea we'll meet our love and Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. It's a country where no twilight, shadows deepen, unending day where night will never be. It's a city where no storm clouds ever gather. Oh, this is just Thank you, Lord. What heaven means to me. Sing that chorus to him if you will. confidently when we get over yonder and we'll join the throne upon the glassy [Music] sea our love crown Christ forever. Oh, now this is just what heaven means to me. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a good hand this morning if you will. Praise the Lord. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of God today. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is for us to get to be together one more time. We've come to worship the Lord in spirit and in truth. Now, you've got about oh 25 minutes to put your shoulder to the wheel. We're going to sing. We're going to worship. We're going to praise the Lord. Brother Joe, I believe, is preaching for us this morning. We're going to enjoy his message. Got some good specials for you. So, we've got a lot to look forward to. Now, how many of you going to do your best in this service today? Well, the rest of you, hang on cuz you're getting ready to go on a ride. We're going to worship the Lord here today. He's worthy of your praise. He's worthy of your worship. If I've got to get up here and pull and beg and and do all kinds of stuff to make you praise the Lord, I'll sit down. We ought to do it voluntarily. Nobody ought not to have to beg you to do nothing or me or Harry or Larry or whoever else. We're here to worship the Lord of Lord and the King of Kings. How many of you feel like he's been better to you than anybody else in the world? Certainly. Give him one more good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. I want to read a testimony. Let you just remain standing. Kind of get your blood flowing so you'll be able to sing real loud and pretty when we get ready to sing this morning. This is from Brother Lionel Lavo and Sister Linda. Praise report. Greetings in the name of of the Lord to our church family. We put in a prayer request several weeks ago for my brother Mike who is has severe throat cancer. He was on chemo and radiation for over a month. He lost almost 50 pounds. He went in last week for test. The report came in cancerree. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. But they're saying if we will to keep praying for him because they had to put in a feeding tube. The radiation burn his throat so bad. So I want to thank you for your answered prayers. Please greet brother Jackie Benton for us. We know him real well and really love him. So you got two people that really love you, buddy. Amen. Amen. Among millions of others that love Brother Jackie Benton, right? Praise the Lord. Want to remember brother Steve Newsome in prayer today. Having a pretty tough morning. Just want to commit him unto the Lord. Ask God to touch him. We know he's already been healed. We just ask uh the faith of brother Steve and our faith with him to join together and and ask God to be with our brother today. Sister Barbara Grley not feeling well this morning. Her want to remember her and brother Bert in prayer. Also, our son-in-law Blair Henley injured his back yesterday and in very, very bad pain. So, we want to remember him as we pray today. The Duggar family, Brother Lyn Duggar and his family would like to thank the church for their prayers, food, and cards during the death in our family. God bless you all. Well, we love the Duggar family, don't we? Amen. Praise the Lord. Want to welcome to the service today, Carol Ellis from Canada. Where would you be? Raise your hand. Somebody help me find them. Where are they at? Right back. Right back here. Give her a nice hand this morning. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Want to welcome to the service Dan Wright and his daughter from Illinois. Where would you folks be? Help me find them. Raise your hand wherever they're at. We're at Where are they? There they are. God bless them. Give those folks a good hand this morning. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is asking for traveling mercies for a very special situation the Lord knows all about. Also, she turns in a prayer request for a lady named Nancy has mental problems, very bad living conditions. I ask the Lord to heal her spiritually and mentally. So, let's remember that today. Uh Sarah Cobin sends this in. Uh a streamer from uh Lia, I hope I got that close to right. please tell uh all the special singers uh how much she enjoys your singing and our worship here at Word of Life. So, thank the Lord somebody's listening. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm a streamer from South Carolina. I'm requesting prayer from my daughter Karen. She had an MR MRI last week regarding her back and a procedure done and has taken physical therapy as well. I checked on her today and she is in excruciating pain. Has requested prayer. She's in tears and can't lay or sit comfortably. She has a very high tolerance for pain. So, I know it is very bad. It's got to be in she's got to be in severe pain. Thank you much. God bless you, Sister Susette Riker. We want to commit that need unto the Lord today. We'll remember Sister Marilyn Wiggins. She's been taken to the Johnson City Medical Center by ambulance with heart problems. So, we want to remember her today as we pray. All the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's many needs among us. We just commit all these things unto the Lord today and ask God to come on the scene. Brother Joseph David Farmer is here with us today visiting. His first time here, Brother David Farmer. We all know Brother David from years and years back. Well, this is his son, Brother Joseph David. He's going to come at this time, take us to the Lord in prayer. We'll just commit all these things unto the Lord. Give Brother Joseph David Farmer a nice hand as he comes this morning. We're glad to have you, buddy. God bless you. Amen. Ain't you glad we serve a a God that answers prayers? He's done so much for us through our life. Like the brother said, you know, he he's being more good to us than what we deserve. But I'm glad he's he is intent to the cry of his children if we just ask, if we not doubt, if we just believe. You know, we know we all facing things, going through things. I've not seen the devil work so hard as he has this year. But on the other hand, then I've seen some of the greatest miracles I've ever seen this year. We know it's time to get out of here, church. Amen. And we need to continue to be in church, read our Bibles, and pray because as brother Brandon said, that's the both most powerful thing that this the saints of God has is prayers is more powerful than any atomic bomb. So I'm glad that we've got a weapon that can defeat the Satan this morning. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, as we come before ye this great morning, Lord, as we come to honor the resurrection, how you raised up on the third day, Lord, victorious over death, hell, and the graves, we stand here this morning. Thank you, Lord, that you died on Calvar's cross, the stripes on your back, Lord, for the healing, Lord, as we heard these requests has been sit before this congregation. These are sick and afflicted. These that are facing trials and tests, but Lord, we look to one, Lord, that's able. When man's not able, Lord, but you are able. And Lord, we just love you and thank you. Appreciate you so much for what you're doing for each one of our lives. These are sick. These in the hospital, these is going through situations. He's up at the hand. Lord, you know every need and every problem, Lord. But you are there, Lord. You said you never leave us. You never forsake us. but be with us even in us to the in the world. I'm so thankful this morning, Lord, to know that you're here, Lord, and you're intent to the cry of your children. You're not too busy, your hands not too short that you can't reach down to pull these up, Lord, out of the merry clay. Lord, most of all, today, I know we got lost loved ones, family members that's lost and done without you. God, I pray, Lord, you speak to their hearts. You draw them Lord to thee Lord that only thy can and help us to be that light, that witness Lord that you would help us to be Lord. Remember the brothers you come minister the word. Help us Lord is to pull on that gift that we might receive Lord that that thou has for us and Lord we'll give you all the glory and praise for the lovely name of Jesus we ask. Amen and amen. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. We're going to worship the Lord this morning. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise this [Applause] [Music] morning. Now, this is this is Memorial Day weekend. And to all of our veterans, we want to say we we thank you for your service. We thank you for your sacrifices. All gave some and some gave all. That's an old slogan, but it's the truth. This morning, let's give all of our veterans a nice hand this morning if you would. Sanger, buddy. That is a lamb. I have seen some pretty town. Guess you could say I've been around. I found no place to settle down. There is a land. I am just a pilgrim here. Amen. Trolling through this world of fear. Oh yes. My time to leave is drawing near. I'm going to that land. There is a land I'm hoping for. Oh, I've never seen before. I've got loved ones waiting on that shore. There is a land. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and it's not a million miles away or a some far off distant strength. But I'll speed up and they'll slow down. Oh yes, there is a land. [Music] Why am I so homesick for just not myself here anymore? I'm longing for that open door that leads to that land. So I'll drive my wings. Yes, we will lift my head toward the sky. Oh yes. Farewell to this world. Goodbye. I'm going to that land. There is a land. I'm so hoping for though I've never seen it before. for my loved ones waiting on that shore. [Music] [Applause] Oh, and it's not a million miles away or awesome far off distant strand. I'll speed up and they'll slow down. There is a lamb. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated this morning. Want to didn't have anything written down on it. Want to remember uh brother Jack, his sister's husband passed and I think they're having his visitation today. Is that right, brother Jack? So Rusty Rumley, Sister Joyce's husband passed and they're having uh the visitation today from 2 to 4 I think at Memorial Funeral Home over in Elizabeth. Is that right, sister? So let's remember those folks today as we pray that God would be be mindful of them. Let's sing a little chorus as our singers get ready to sing for us. Brother David, Brother Justin, if you come on. Brother Caleb was supposed to sing this morning. I don't Is he not here today? So, let's uh we'll go right on into the service and we'll just have a good time here today. Now, I'm stopped up from here over. I can't hear nothing on my right side hardly. So, Aaron, are you here? You might get ready to lead some song services, buddy. I get over this. That's all right. Is that all right with you? Well, it don't matter. Get ready. Praise the Lord. Amen. And God's good, ain't he? Stopped up or not stopped up, it don't matter. God's still good. It's sweeter as the days go by. Let's sing about it if you will. Is any ready to sing? Well, he gets sweeter as the days go by. Oh, he gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter. Oh, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. One more time. Oh, we get sweeter as the days go by. It's sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper, fuller. He's sweeter, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. [Music] Amen. We're going to sing. If you'd help me, we cry out. I know one thing as a father and as a grandfather. Now, if there's one thing that would get my attention is when my children would cry out around my grandkids. If I hear them cry out, that gets my attention more than anything. And that's how God's, you want to get his attention, just cry out to him and he'll hear. Oh, father of life, seated on your throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are saved. And Lord, you have said if we call upon your name, we and our families will be saved. So we cry out your name. Hell should I God of grace, Lord most high Jesus Christ and we rely on your grace. [Music] Adonai crowned in praise. Lord most high Jesus Christ and father of love, never failing to forgive. Each moment is a gift from you to live. And we're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all [Music] away. We will cry. Oh, out your name. else should die. God of grace, oh most high Jesus Christ. And we rely on your grace, Adonai. Crown in praise. Oh Lord most high Jesus Christ. Oh, so we cry out your name, El Shai, God of grace. You're the Lord most high Jesus Christ. eyes and we rely on your grace. Adonai crowned in [Applause] praise. Lord most [Music] high Jesus Christ. Oh Lord most high Jesus [Music] Christ. Thank you Lord. [Applause] Well, I had while I had the chance, I want to thank everybody for praying for Sydney and Jude last week when we was dealing with all the sickness and hospital visits, your prayers were felt. I know that Facebook group for a lot of people gets might get on your nerves and people posting in there all the time and but when I post in there, I have the utmost utmost confidence that when I see a comment that says praying that that is a prayer that goes directly to the throne of heaven. And I appreciate each and every prayer that we got and I'm glad that we're all back healthy again. And I hope this song can be an encouragement to somebody. And uh we love you. We thank you [Music] again. You can't seem to hide the hurt written on your face. You're broken inside, longing for love's embrace. It might be a while before you smile, I know, cuz I fought that fight. And weeping may endure for the night, but it's almost morning. Joy will replace your tears. Calm all your darkest fears. It won't be long till the dawn. Tomorrow is another day. to live free of all your pain. So don't give up on your faith. Cuz it's almost morning. I've been where you are. I've had my heart break, too. I've cried in the dark. I can relate with you. And I have prayed to see the sun break free while the storm was still inside. So when the darkness consumes your guiding [Music] light, remember that it's almost morning. Joy will replace the tears. Calm all your darkest fears. It won't be long till the dawn. Tomorrow is another day to live free of all your pain. So don't give up on your faith cuz it's almost morning. It's almost morning. Joy will replace your tears. Calm all your darkest fears. It won't be long till the dawn. Tomorrow is another day to live free of all your pain. So don't give up on your faith. Cuz it's almost morning. No, don't give up on your faith. cuz it's almost morning. [Music] [Applause] It's good to see you again. I Good to talk to you again. Amen. I got handed the to come off the bench this morning. So, y'all pray for me. I always come out here feeling like I don't have a clue what I'm going to say. So, um I would appreciate your prayers. Um brother, what I've studied this for this morning, I've been studying all week and Wednesday, I went in there to save it and I started to change the title and then brother Daryl preached what he preached. And I always I don't know how other ministers do it, but whenever I've got a thought, I I like to get confirmation when I come to church. And brother brother Daryl started preaching on the burden of light. And I've never heard it put that way when he said read the scripture, ye are the light of the world. And then he said, uh, my burden is light. You are my responsibility. So, I never heard it like that before. But when you hear the title of my what I've brought this morning, you'll kind of understand why um I got confirmation for that. So, we'll get right into the word. Let's pray first. If you have a need, you want to hope before the Lord, please continue to remember um my wife's uh aunt's family in prayer. I'm sure they would uh thank you for that. So, let us pray. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful, Lord, for another time to sit around your word, Lord, to bring the words of life, Father. Lord, Lord, without your anointing, they're just words. But Lord, when you come, anoint them to our ears and our heart, Father. They're words of life. We're so grateful for that, Lord. Lord, they didn't come here this morning to hear me or any other man, Father. They come to hear from you cuz just about everybody in here come with a need this morning, Lord. that you're the only one that can meet that. I pray that you would set us aside, Lord. Use us as you will. Speak to the hearts of your people in Jesus name. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we'll turn to Isaiah 60. We'll read the first three chapters and we'll sit before we read anymore. I don't want to keep you standing. Isaiah says, "Arise and shine, for thy light has come. The glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness the people, but the Lord shall arise upon thee. His glory shall be seen upon thee, and the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising." May the Lord add the blessings. You can be seated. Thank you, buddy. The scriptures, Isaiah's saying this, brother Brandham tells us in the message shalom that he's Isaiah was referring to the gross darkness of this age. You look all around us, it it's it's dark. There's no when you look at the government, you look at the lives of people, you see people leaving the message, going into every other thing, and you and it's it's the darkest hour that's ever been. We remember when brother brother Brandham there at the tabernacle drew up on the the board. He drew the church ages and remember he talked about he he had made it all all darked out and when God did it in the skies he put a little sliver of light in there. That was the bride. That little sliver of light is the bride. The bride is the only light that is on this earth today. Amen. Without the bride here there is no light. So in 2 Corinthians it says, "Therefore, seeing we have this ministry as we have received mercy, we faint not, but have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully, but by manifestation of the truth, commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost, in whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should have shine unto them. For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your servants, Jesus sake. For God who commanded the light to shine out of darkness out of darkness has shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. And brother Brandham says, and I'm going to read for the first part. I'm not I don't quote a whole lot, but if y'all take this kinds of a teaching lesson, I'm not much of a preacher and even less a teacher. So y'all, you know, just hang in there. Now keep your eyes on this church. In 57, God keeps his word. Brother Bram said, "Keep your eyes on this church. The devil's not putting this propaganda. It's not with the scripture. It's to confuse the mind of the unlearned, the unspiritual people. We are living in the most glorious day that people ever lived and yet the darkest day for unbelievers. Unbelievers right right now when people in the world, they they see no hope. They they see no hope for anything. They they they look at how the the the the countries are coming against each other. Nations are coming against nations. Exactly what the Bible says would happen. And people that don't believe this word are looking at that and they seem to way out. But we have a hope. Yes. And we are living in the most glorious day that any people has ever lived. And yet in the darkest day for the unbelievers, the most confusing time for they those who don't know. It's a remarkable as the day we're living. What a joy to know that your anchor holds today as we're approaching it in this dark evil time. So looking back at 2 Corinthians, we we look for for behold the darkness shall cover the earth. This is in verse two. And gross darkness the people, but the Lord shall arise upon thee. His glory shall be seen upon me. So this very word that you hold so dear to your heart, the light has shined in your age, in your day to open your eyes to this word. That's what you have grasped. That's what you've pulled into your to yourself there. If you're not a part of the bride, you know, there's there's nothing you can do to to go from day to day without this. This is some of you, this is it should be your favorite time of the week. Yes. Is to come to church. Yeah. To to listen to the word. It doesn't matter who's bringing it. It doesn't matter who's preaching it. If you get to the point where where you if your favorite minister is not there and it don't bother me if I'm not your favorite. It don't I'm I've got thick skin. But what I want to to me if if if God's not your favorite if you got a favorite, where does God fit in in that? That's right. Come on. So that's who you should be coming to listen to. Hear from God. There's so many times that you come and you can't get a need met in your life because you came listen to what a man had to say. Amen. So we we we come to to grasp another part of that light. And brother Brandham, it tells us that in in John, this is scripture in John has confused me in my entire life. I didn't doubt it, didn't disbelieve it. But in in John 12 40 says, "He hath blinded their eyes, hardened their hearts. They should not see with their eyes nor understand with their heart and be converted. And I should heal them. God says if they see it, I I have to convert them. I'll have to heal them. But I'm going blind their eyes. So I don't. This is the God that we we we said the would that all men be saved. This is the God that that that said John 3:16 that whosoever come unto him. Whosoever. That's right. Amen. But here he's saying, "I blinded their eyes so they would not be healed. I blinded their eyes so they would not be saved." Yeah. Yeah. Are y'all confused as me? But darkness had come upon the has come upon the the earth right now in in this age darker than any other time. That's right. People that you sat with in these pews have walked back into it. They've said, "This light is not for me. I don't need this light." And they've turned and walked away. Some of you, you're own families. And they've walked away from this light, yet you've embraced it. Amen. Yes, sir. They felt like they can't live with it, and you can't live without it. Amen. This is the light. They've listened for years. Let me explain something to you. People come in here and sit on these pews for years and years and years and don't change. Right? If they don't change, they haven't stayed the same. Come on. We look at them with our natural eyes. Come on. We see people living their lives 30, 40 years later. You think, you know what? They're still the same. They're still the same way they was 30 years ago. No, they're not. If you have come under this light, come on now. And you have sat under this light, it's impossible not to change. That's right. Amen. One way or the other. Amen. So if you feel like you ain't changing, you need more light. You need light in your life. Yes. You need light to grow. If there's a seed in here, that light can't without light, that seed can't grow. Yes. There's no there's no light. It lays dormant. It lays dead. Yes. So, the people that have pulled away, they're they're living with a hope. Can you imagine? They might say they have faith, but they don't. If they've left this light, there's no they don't have God's faith. God will not interject his faith where light is not. That's right. Amen. So they're they're living on a feeble hope. They're they're hoping what they walked away from was wrong. What a miserable place to be. Living your life without light, hoping that the light you left was wrong. Yeah, that's sad state to be in. Every morning you wake up. That's why you see people trash this message that they've walked away because they can't get rid of it. All they know that light is out there. They've walked away. They've shut the door. They tried to live their life. They tried to ignore it. But once light has shined in your life, if it ever shined in your light one time and you looked upon it, you'll never forget it. Because let me tell you, the day of judgment, you're going to look at it again. Amen. You're going to see it again. People have just turned it away, walked away from it. God blinded their eyes. Brother Brandham tells us in a quote, I know if I've got it in here somewhere, he blinded the eyes of Israel back in that day. Amen. They didn't recognize Jesus as the Messiah. Brother Bram said he blinded their eyes for you. He blinded their eyes so he can give you the light. Amen. This is the same God that desired that all men be saved, but yet he's saying, "I don't want them to see. I I don't want them to believe. I don't want them to hear." We ought to be so thankful that God has shown the light, that he's told us to arise and shine. As brother Justin was saying, there's a new morning coming. It's almost here. Amen. Yeah. It It's almost here. You You can You can see the the the light is getting brighter in the bride. How can it How can the light get brighter in the bride in this darkest age? Cuz the sun is coming closer. The sun is moving closer. He's got to be so close to take her hand and say, "Let's go." Amen. But Bram said in the Messiah, this is talking about the Jews, Jesus meeting all those qualifications and the Jews had read these promises for years. How did it ever slip on them and slip by them without seeing it? He's talking about Jesus the Messiah coming into their lives. The theologians there had had studied the scriptures. All the Old Testament, the prophets and the scrolls, they studied and it it said exactly who Jesus would be. Moses talked about him. Daniel talked about him. All the scriptures testified who Christ was. And all the theologians of that day, they totally missed it. They sat there and watched the miracles. They watched Lazarus raised from the dead. Yeah. Yeah. You've watched your loved ones raised from the dead spiritually. Yeah. People have seen loved ones in this age get healed. Amen. Get delivered. Get things they have need of and still deny the light. And so that's what these these theologians and the Jews were doing. These theologians so well read in the scriptures so particular with the scriptures and yet they failed to see him to be the anointed one. Yeah. It sounds though it would not happen. Looks like they would have known him. We've we've sat you've seen people come in here. I I'm in these in these prayer lines. I've seen people walk I've listened to people tell the minister, "If he'll do this for for my loved one or for me or whatever, I'll serve him." And God did it. And they never came. Oh, cuz they based on seeing the light with a stipulation, right? This is a stipulation. God says, "I want you to serve me with no stipulations. I want you to see the light. Let me be the light in your life without anything that you want that you have to give back to me or I have to give to you. It's unconditional. Yes. Yes, sir. Look at Abraham. God said, "Take Isaac up, put him on the altar, sacrifice him to me." Did Abraham say, "I'll do it, God, but if you'll do this or if you'll do that." Abraham didn't give God stipulations. Cuz Abraham had an unconditional love for God. You have to have an unconditional love for this light. Yeah. It doesn't matter how bad your life is financially, people in your in your family getting sick, backslid, dying, losing your job, whatever it is. Hallelujah. You don't say, "God, if you'll heal me, I'll come back." We don't say that. What is the healing? Healing is the children's bread. It's already yours. God God is not offering something that's not yours. He's just telling you where it's at. He's not saying that this is something that that you can have if you do this. It's already yours. This light of this age is already yours. When God put it in the skies and put then that that little sliver of light came in there, that was you. That was you living in Leotaa. But God blinded their eyes. It shows that this was the hand of God. He was too plainly known. His signs of Messiah proved him to be Messiah. Proved him to be the anointed one. And for them to miss it sure had to be the hand of God to blind them that they did not miss it where they would not have missed it. Rather, it's the same thing today. Today, if the gospel's hid, it's hid to them that are blind. Yeah. The only way they can receive sight is through God. I've talked to some of these these people in denominations and nothing against that. If if you feel comfortable going there, whatever. But I I've talked to some of them and I've got some wonderful friends and sometimes we we we talk scriptures, sometimes we don't. But when you ask them a question about why this or why that, they take you on this big long loop. Oh my. You don't know where they're going and they don't either. Cuz they're blind. Come on. I asked one one a gentleman one time, he's talking about miracles. God don't do miracles no more. So I I I sent him the the scripture where it says he put unto them apostles and prophets and m great miracles. The Bible says great miracles. Those are gifts to the bride. He sent me back a bunch of scriptures. Didn't one thing say about anything about what I asked him. Blind. Blind. There's people that truly love the Bible. They truly love the Bible. Yeah. They they they they can put our moral lives to shame. Some of them can put your lives to shame the way they live this live the Bible. I'm not saying the word. I'm saying the Bible. Yeah. They could put it to shame. But they're blind. The light of this age has not shined on their pathway. They're walking in blindness. See, the Jews had it all figured out how their king was supposed to come. They knew the genealogy of David. They knew that th that this king was coming through the lineage of David. Yeah. You know, and I like the way and I've probably mentioned it here before. I like the way that God hid it all the way through the the Old Testament through the lineage of David and the these these people when you look at it, you know, Satan trying to follow that seed, you look at David, David, David was a murderer. David was an adulterer. And then he you bring it on down through the kings that came through David's lineage. And whenever you you read the scriptures, this king so and so out of David's lineas did evil in the sight of the Lord. This one did evil in sight of the Lord. There's, you know, if you was if you were Satan, you're looking at that, you're thinking, there's no way there's no way that that seed of life, that God's seed of life is coming through that lineage. That's right. And that's what blinded these people. They were looking for a king. a king with a crown on his head to sit on a throne in Jerusalem to sit on a throne in in Judah and say this I am the king I will rule Israel now and that ain't the way he came he came even greater than that this was a king that would sit on the throne of their of their heart if they let him this was a king that would shine the light of the world to him if they let Yes. But Ram said, "To whom would we go now? You can go ahead and join church. It's a good thing. Or you can serve your creed." A good thing. You might belong to lodges. You might do these things. I have nothing to say against them. But I'm trying to say this. You need light. And this light is Christ. He is the only one that can give light. You might turn that light on and a bunch of dirt out here with ever so many grains of corn in it. That light will never produce life. That artificial light won't produce life. It takes sunlight. The rays in to bring it forth. Neither has the light of any creed, anything outside of Jesus Christ. That's the only light that can shine on this seed that God put down in here. That's the only light. You can't have a light of a creed, a dogma, a denomination, somebody's idea. If you're a seed of God, you need light. If you're a seed of God, you'll find light. Better yet, light will find you. Oh, yeah. Neither has the light of any creed or anything outside of Jesus Christ. He's God's light. He's the one that gives us the Holy Spirit. When we live in his presence, it makes us act different, look different, talk different, be different because we are walking in light. Children of light, you live in it. Bathe yourself in it. Joy, it's lifegiving flows. It's the reason we have to come to him to find it. You won't find it anywhere else. You won't, brother Ram says, you won't find it by some creed. Brother, some of these brothers I might not have in there. I apologize. All right. Brother Abraham said in shalom, I'll skip some of this. Gross darkness, the blinding of Israel was for the lightning of the Gentiles. Now, the blinding of the Gentiles is for the lightning of Israel. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Right. Gentile dispensation is about over. The light when this bride is called out of here, the light leaves. The light's over. It's gone. God won't leave a little piece behind for your loved ones that didn't make it. No. This light is over. He returns. He gives the light back to the to the nation of Israel. Right now, he's given light to individuals. It's an individual walk. You won't go and you won't see this light because you go to church here. You won't you won't see this light because brother Donniey's your pastor. It's an individual walk. And if that seed is here, that's the only thing you need to have faith about is that seed is here. Because if the seed is here, the light will find it. The light will find it. Now, the seed don't go out looking for you. Plant a seed in the ground. It don't claw its way out and go looking for light. No. Amen. It stays in this dirt right here. It stays in this dirt till all the clouds of your life move away and light shines down on it. Amen. That happens to you every time you come in here on Sunday. Every time you come in here on Wednesday. Hopefully, you're above ground now. Thank you, Lord. You're either better or you're worse, right? Why do some seeds die? They're not watered. They're a seed. They have a seed. Light is shining on them. Light is shining on them. They know that light's there. But if it's not watered by the word, it'll never grow. Amen. That light will burn it up. You got to have light in the water of this word. I hope this is okay. Yes. It's just like the day and night. One side has got darkness. The other side has got light. And then the light comes over on the other side. The moon passing by the way it did. The reflection of the darkness of the world blinding its light is a reflection to us that the gentile church age is finished. The church is making herself ready, been making herself ready for a time. It's time for the rapture. For darkness is fading upon the Gentiles. And I wish that'd be a revelation to all of us. All the ones that come once in a while when they feel like it. I only to me I think people think they live holy enough that they don't need to come every time because they only come every so often. True. They don't have a revelation how much light they need yet. That's right. Amen. Come on. You know, we there there's things and I don't mean to, you know, if if this job is for the pastor, tell him and let him correct me, but people that they won't miss other things. They won't miss their their job. They won't miss their vacation. They won't miss all the fun stuff that mean the most to them. Right. Right. I don't need to say no more. Okay, you know what I'm talking about. I don't want to get on nobody's toes. Amen. The sun has traveled from the east to the west and we're on the west coast. The light can only do one thing. Go back east on the other side in Isaiah 6. You read the scripture there. When I was studying this, you know, I've read Isaiah 6 many times. And he and he because we know that when the he talks about the the angel that brought the coal off the the fire and touched it to his lips and he he told him he's he said you know who will go for us and he said here who here am I lord send me here am I send me let me take the light to the world let me go save the the your people the nation of Israel let me let me go to them and preach this to them let me let me be the one Isaiah didn't know that He was going to go preach a message to blind their eyes. Oh wow. That's what God was calling him for. Go preach to them and blind them. Also I heard the voice of the Lord saying, "Who am I? Who shall I send and who will go forth?" Then I said, "Here am I. Send me." He said, "Go and tell this people, hear ye indeed, but understand not. See ye indeed but perceive not. Make the heart of this people fat. Make their eyes your ears heavy. Shut their eyes lest they see with their eyes and hear with their ears and understanding with their heart and convert and be healed. We just read that earlier, right? In the New Testament, God's saying it again. I'm going to give you a message. What What if What if the the the the messenger of his age had been come to preach a message to blind our eyes and we would never know this? What if that's what God had sent him to do? You you know when Isaiah did this, brother Brandham said that it didn't matter that that let me find it. No matter how much the people wanted to believe, they could not believe because Isaiah said so. No matter how much they wanted to believe, I want to see this message. I want to live this message. Yeah. But it's not in here. That's why you see people come in here. They they they come up the altar, they get saved. You witness to somebody. There's some of y'all that have witnessed to people at work. You've witnessed to people at work and and and they started coming to the church and they embraced it and embraced it. They love it. They love it. But after a while, they're gone. They don't come back. They they they love the idea of living this way. They they lived it right here. I I I can see where the Bible says that I want to live this way. I want to I want to do that. I knew a woman one time that she liked the way the Amish lived. So, she started dressing that way. She wasn't Amish. Start making their clothes that way. Be trying to be that way. And then after a while, that phase faded out. Right? So, people they come in and they sit on the peel. Some of them might do it for years, never embrace it. They might even disagree with things that being preached up here and never say, "You'd never know it." Yeah. But their ears are heavy. And God has shut their eyes and they can't see. But they're living it with a idea. This is a good thing to live, but they'll never see the light. Right? Brother Brandham said in s we would see Jesus remember the very thing that destroyed the world saved Noah. The very thing that destroyed the world saved Noah. The very thing that's going to destroy this word this world spoken word of God is going to save you. Amen. Brother says in God of this evil age, God is calling a people for his name's sake by grace and is called an evil age. But we'll prove by the Bible that this is the age that he was speaking of. Very strange thing to think that that in an evil age like this that God would be calling his bride. Let's go all the way back to Genesis 1. How many has ever seen your salvation and your redemption in Genesis 1? I had neither. In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth, and the earth was without form and void. And darkness was upon the face of the earth, and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. And God saw the light. and that was and that it was good and God divided the light from the darkness. You look at verse two, the earth was out was without form and void. Form means formless, emptiness, confusion, chaos, nothingness, a desolation, a worthless thing, worthless. That's what you were. You were without form. This earth right here was without form and void. Yeah. Emptiness, waste, an undistinguishable ruin. That's you. That is you. That's the way you were before this light shined upon you. Amen. And the spirit of God moved up on the face of the wa face of the waters and God said, "Let there be light." You wouldn't be here today if God hadn't said, "Let there be light in your life." You would still be without form and void. You would be an undistinguishable ruin. You would be a wasteland, a place of chaos. When God looked upon on on the earth and he when he made that and he said let there be light he said it was good. How many knows brother Brandham said that he formed the the it didn't happen right away when he said let there be light. There wasn't instant light. There wasn't instant light. How many knows the sun wasn't made yet when he said let there be light? True. That was that was you in God moved upon the face of the waters. He said, "Let there be light." And there was light. This was your life spiritually. When he spoke a creation and you had to happen when you took your first breath, if you were a seed of God, he had to place that seed in there in that piece of dirt. He had to place a seed. And when he said, "Let there be light." Light might not come for 20 years to that seed. That's right. But there's going to be light. If God spoke, there'll be light in your life, there will be light. And he just as he breathed over the the earth, brother Bam said, how he breathed upon the earth. When he formed the earth and he and he breathed upon it and things begin to happen when you were born, he had to breathe his breath of life into you. That's how he placed the seed there. He breathed over you. Put that seed in there. And now that seed lays dormant, waiting for the light. He spoke it. He spoke it. Brother Brand said this was God's spoken word. Well, God spoke. It's impossible not to happen. God said, "Let there be light in your life." God said, "You let the cancer be healed in your life." You say, "You don't see nothing." Be delivered. Whatever you have need of, you say, "I don't see anything happen." It doesn't matter. He's already spoke it. Yes. Brother Ram said God believed his own word. When we read in the Bible, believers lay hands on the sick and they shall recover, right? They shall recover. That's the spoken word of God. That's God speaking. If you have faith the size of a mustard seed, the grain of a mustard seed, right? Amen. that much faith. God's already spoke it. It's got to happen. It has to happen. It's impossible not to happen. Amen. Yeah. Amen. Abraham said, "And who is God?" When God spoke, let there be light, said there was nothing. And when something happened, Adam and Adam turned there and began to whirl around and the sun became becoming into existence because God said there be. Genesis 1 11 through 12. And I know I'm I'm reading a lot. So, okay. But God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass and the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself upon the earth." And it was so. And the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding after its kind. the tree yielding forth whose seed was in itself after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And then we're going to skip down to 14 and 15. And God said, "Let there be firmates, firmament of the heaven divide the day from the night, and let there be signs and for seasons, for days and years, and let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth." And so Jesus, God says in the beginning of Genesis 1, he says, "Let there be light." It's not till the fourth day where he creates the sun and the moon and the stars. So what was that light? Yeah. Come on. Look. What was the firminant? We we've heard what the firmament was when he divided the firminant and then he pushed it back and said on this this is going to be called a day. This the push back the firminant the things in your life. This super expanse of the heavens is what it was. An expanse. That's the definition in the in the Hebrew. But in the an expanse in the heavens. So God said, "We're going to move that away and a certain time we're going to let the sun shine and then another time we're going to let the moon shine." Yes. Amen. This is light. Yeah. And the earth brought forth grass herb yielding seed after he kind. How did it do that? There had to be a light to shine upon it. This there had to be light to and whose seed in itself after its kind. And God saw that this was good. That same light has shown in this day, the sen light shined upon your lives. Amen. If you look at the age that we're speaking, talking about this age, I can't speak on Paul's age and Martin Luther's, but this age, the darkest age ever been. Amen. You know, I was marvel at that that that brother Brandham talked about Paul and Peter and all them. They they wanted to live in this age. They wanted to live in the light of this age, the most evil age. But this is when this is when the the the light that you love so much pulls you out here. When you get mature and it finally pulls you all the way out to me. That's grace. That's God's grace. Amen. In Revelations 3:14-18, "And unto the angel of the church of latest sea is right, these things saith, amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works. Thou art neither cold nor hot, I would thou were cold or hot." So because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, miserable, and poor, and blind and naked. Amen. I counsel thee to to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich, and white raignment, that thou mayest be clothed, that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear, and anoint thy eyes with Isa, that they may see. People thinking that they have an intellectual understanding of this word, they'll get by with it. They understand it. They can now quote most of us probably. Yeah. To me, they explain it away. That's right. They take the word and they they they read it and they see it and they try to get an understanding up here and then they explain everything you believe. They explain it away. They explain the lie away. Yeah. They know more than the pastor. They know more than the prophet. They're blind. This is when God says, "You're lukewarm." They're trying. They have a form of religion. They're trying to live right the best they know how. But God says, "You're lukewarm. I'll spit you out of my mouth." You run into people all the time. I run into people sometimes that they they want to when you're around them, they they want to quote scriptures and tell you, "Hey, you know, look at this type here. Look at this and look at this." And then when you see them live their life, you're thinking, "You're the same guy that was quoting scriptures to me. You're the one that's claiming to me you have light. Here you are living like that do and doing the things that you're doing. Don't give me the light from your mouth. Give me the light from your life. Amen. That's what I want to see shine out of you out of your life. I don't want to hear light come from your mouth. Amen. That's good. Written epistles read of all men. You know, when I when I was young, I used to think that that go into the world preach the gospel to every creature. But I have to witness to everybody. I mean, when I was in school, when I was in elementary and middle school, I thought, I'm going to go to hell because I'm not witnessing to people. Yeah. I'm I was looking at the letter of the word, the law and and not understanding the light. Oh my. Yes, sir. And then when it said further, it says, "Your written epistles read of all men." That is your life. That's the light. When God placed that light in here and that light shines forth, it ain't you, it's him. It's Zoe. Zoe life. Yeah. It's God shining. You got nothing to give. You You've got nothing that I want to see. Show me Christ in your life. Show me the light. The written epistle read of all men is the light of God. Amen. You don't have to open your mouth. God will give you the opportunity. And he said, "At that time, I'll give you the things to say." Amen. Amen. Amen. Speaking life. And Jesus tells him, "You're blind and naked and you don't even know it." What blinded him? This light. This light right here. He blinded him. You know, God God is a is a a gracious God. Amen. God is a a kind God. And there's But there's things about God that we don't understand. We We've probably got friends and loved ones. We've prayed for years to God bring them in. Maybe God is saying they're not part of the bride. Amen. We We don't know that. We can't judge that. Only God knows who's bride and who ain't. But sometimes we wonder when then when you read the scriptures and you hear what brother Brandham saying that the preaching of the word blinds them so they will not be saved. So they will not be converted. So they will not be healed. What a light. What a light. This is the same light that blinded Paul. Yeah. that blinded Paul. Paul needed a conversion. You think God showed him right away when he blinded him who he really was? Not at all. All he said, "Go to Damascus. I'll send somebody to you." He knew who he was. But then true light came into back into his life. Yes, sir. It came back into his life. Now, you can't you can't sit here and say that somebody comes in, sits down, and and and it's not made known to them that they're not bride. You don't know that. It's just not their time yet, right? Keep praying for them. Keep lifting them up. We We don't give up on people that come in here and say, "Well, you know what? This is not for me." And they leave. We don't give up on people like that. You continue to pray for them. Continue to be a written epistle. Continue to shine the light in their path. Amen. And and and when you your life is preaching a word to them, then don't go tell them something. Hey, the Bible says this, the word says this, brother Brandham said this, and all this, and then you live something different. Amen. I worked with a guy years ago, worked with a guy, used to come to church and we'd worked together 10 years and somebody come up to me and said, "I didn't know so and so went to your church." Really? I don't know how they knew where I went to church. People know. Yeah. People know where you go to church. People know what you believe. They know who your pastor is. They might even know Louis Blevens. Who knows? But they know your life. Your life should be shining so bright. So bright that people just automatically don't want to talk bad in front of you. Don't want to say bad things. Don't want to do this to offend you, that, and all that stuff. Amen. That's the light shining out in your life. Amen. You can't make that up. You can't fake that. You can't pretend that. Christ the mystery revealed. Brother said, Isaiah said in the spirit, "Before the God of heaven has blinded your eyes, you're doing like Eve did excepting the intellectual side and know nothing of the spirit of God." Therefore, won't they all fall in the ditch? Both the leader and the blind, too. The leader will fall in the ditch because he's blind also. The leader fall that's blind leading, they both fall in the ditch. Your pastor falls, you fall with him. Amen. How many How many in the last 1015 years have we seen pastors just get away from the message and over half the congregation follow them? Leave them. They're blind. It's because they was looking at him at a man as a man anyway. They weren't seeing the light come through him. Yeah. And if he falls, they fall. That's right. If you're following with natural light and it goes out, where are you going to go? If you're following that and it goes out, where are you going to go? How you going to live? How you going to get from point A to point B? Go try driving down the road in a new moon. Turn your headlights off. I saw this video the other day and it was funny. This woman got in front of this car with his headlights on with a on a bicycle. She takes riding off that bicycle and the guy in the car turns his lights off. Turns him back off and she's in a ditch. She gets back on it, starts riding, he turns them off again, turn them back on, she's in this ditch. You know, it's funny, but when you look at it, that's the way people's lives are. Yes, brother. They're following a man, a light that a man is standing here trying to show them his own light. Yeah. And they're going after it. But when his light goes out, uhoh, what are they going to follow? You follow a light today that is eternal, will never go out. Amen. If the pastor falls, you keep following the light. If every half the people or all the people in the church leave, you keep following the light. God will send you another one. [Music] Abraham said convinced and concerned that Eve was not thoroughly convinced that God's word was true. She wasn't thoroughly convinced that what God said was true. If she had, if she had, she wouldn't have fell. We've been blessed to have the true light of this gospel shining in our lives so long that we forget darkness is present. Bask in that light to where you don't even see the darkness. Darkness is always there. Yeah. You remember when God said, "Let there be light." He didn't say, "Let there be no more darkness." The word says he just separated them. He divided the light and the darkness. Did not do away with it. It's still there. Brother Bram said, "I believe the sun and the moon were already in existence. There was a fog and a mist over all the earth, making it dark. God said, "Let there be light." And the darkness faded away, and there was a cloudless sky. That was you. You were in total darkness before God said, "Let there be light." Amen. You were in total darkness. didn't know where to go. There was a fog and a mist on your life. But the light was always there. Even when the fog in the mist was present, the light was always there. This light that you live in and follow after now has never not been here. It's always been here. It's been waiting on you. Oh yeah. It's been you have to have a desire for the fog in the mist to go away. You you can't you know Satan's still job is still the same. We we've heard it a hundred times. He has a job to do. His job is making mist and fog. That's what he does. He tries. He knows that sun is there. He knows he can't put out the light. The sen is right there and there's nothing he can do about it. He knows he can't. But what he can do is he can make your life full of confusion. He can make your your life turn it upside down, putting circumstances and symptoms in your life that you don't understand. Sometimes we get so focused on the things in in our life that we we forget that there's a light shining. We forget that it's there. And sometimes all we can remember is darkness. There's some people, true sons and daughters of God, they go through things. cuz I know I've said it before, you get people that are grieving so bad over something. It's hard to have faith. It's hard to to trust God and believe that when you've lost a loved one, someone that's close to you or or this and you're going through all this and it's hard to have faith. It's hard to push back the fog. It's hard to push back the mist in the darkness. Yeah. But it's always there. It's always been there. There's some of you, there was parts of those fog and mist that you enjoyed. You enjoyed it. You had fun getting drunk and partying, doing that thing. You thought you did. If you're predestinated seat of God, when you was at your lowest low in the darkest of darks that you ever been, there was still light there. Yeah. Amen. When you thought you were having the best time of pleasure in the world you ever had, that light, that light was still there waiting for you because God never took his breath away when he breathed that breath of life into you. Place that seed in there. He didn't say, "Uh, missed it. I didn't mean to put that in." Brother Rob taking that back. God don't take back. God don't take back. If he ever placed that seed in there, he placed that seed in there knowing you were going into darkness. Place it there anyway. He knew what was going to be on the other side of that. He knew what the dark although this longer road of darkness might have took you 40 years. You might have been in it for 40 years. You might have went from one denomination to another. You might even been atheist. But it doesn't matter where you went. What matters is where you got to. [Applause] What matters is that seed that was placed in there. Light fell upon it and then you begin to water it. Amen. You can't say that this word is true and never water it. You can't say I believe this message and never water it. I don't need to go. I don't need to go cuz I I believe it. I believe everything he said. I had a buddy of mine tell me that one time we were we were playing golf somewhere and and I my heart was heavy for him and I said, "Man, do you you know you ever going to come back to church?" He said, "Man, I I believe Brother Donny's right. I believe Brother Brandham's right." How sad. How sad to believe that intellectually and not have a light to pull you into it. Oh, you believe it with your mind. Yeah. But you don't have the heart for it. You don't your soul don't there's no soul for it. What a sad place to be. Talk about the grace of God. That could have been me. He didn't realize what he was saying. He was saying, "I'm iniquity." To know the truth and not do it. The Bible says iniquity. He chose iniquity over light. Amen. Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I never knew you. I put the light right in front of you. I put it there. I left it there for years and years and years in front of it. And you chose to go your own way. But I believed, Brother Brandon, but God, I believed, Brother Donnie. I believe what was being preached. What What did this Bible say? If you believe me, if you love me. Well, brother, sin is unbelief. That's right. Amen. Right. You say, "Well, I'm not a sinner because I believe you have to let it live in you." Yes. It has to live. You You can't just go dayto day saying, "Man, I'm so glad I believe the word. I believe that when the Lord comes, I'll be ready." You'll be cast into outer darkness. Yeah. I'm on a hurry. John 1. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him and without him was not anything that was made. In him was life and the life was the light of men. In God was life. God had a life and that life was your light. That's what John says. That life was your light. This is the best part. The light shineth in darkness. Hallelujah. You shine in darkness. Hallelujah. Cuz his life was your light. He gave it to you. Remember, ye are the light of the world, right? Amen. So he give it to you and the darkness comprehended it not. Amen. How many knows what comprehended mean? Oh yeah. So I'm going give you a few words here. The light shine in darkness and the darkness comprehended at night. Not shine to appear to become visible to be evident. Yeah. It's a fact. There's no disputing it. Right. If I take evidence to court, you can't dispute it because it's been entered. The judge has entered this exhibit A. It's evident. It's shining forth. The light shineth is evident. The light is evident in darkness. Darkness is dimness, obscurity, literally or fig figuratively. Obscurity that blocks the light of God when faith is lacking. to comprehend, to seize, to grasp, to overtake. So it says the light evidently shineth in obscurity, darkness, dimness, and the darkness could not comprehend it. The darkness could not overtake it. Yeah. The light that you have in your life, darkness will never overtake it. Amen. Sometimes it feels like it. But this is God's word. If you have his life, which is your light, if you have his light, darkness will never overtake it. That's what comprehended not means. It will not overtake. It will not seize. It's still there. It'll always be there. There's never going to be a moment until you take a rapture that darkness is not going to be there. From the millisecond that you take a rapture, darkness is going to be present until you get there. Then there's no more night. But the darkness in your life, when God says, "I when I give you I'll give you my life. That is my light." He didn't say, "And and plus I'll take away the darkness." He didn't say that. He gave you light because you're going to be walking through darkness. You need a light when you walk in darkness. The bride is not walking in darkness. She's walking through darkness. You are the only light that some people will ever see. Amen. People see your life. It's like they're in total darkness. You ever go see these tunnels? At the very end, you can see the light. That's the way your life appears to them because they're in total darkness and you are the only light in this age that they will ever see. Amen. Sometimes they're drawn to it, sometimes they're not. Does that make sense? The light shineth in darkness. So, who is the light? It's God. I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the world. Even the times when you can't you can't you don't know where to turn. Yeah. How many's be in that situation? Something come in your life and you don't know what to do. You're at your lowest point. You don't know what to do. And God says, "You still have the light. You still have the light. You still have my life." That's what the Holy Ghost is. For the if you're not confused, Holy Ghost is God's life. And that's your light. Yes. Don't ever think that you have just I'm one of the weakest Christians. I'm one of the weakest. I'm the lowest of the lowest Christians. You know, we we take that part when the weakest Christian gets on his knees that all hell trembles. And that's the truth. Yeah. But let let me reassure you of something. God don't give you a smaller portion of the Holy Ghost than he does somebody else. The smallest amount of God's power, the smallest amount equals the greatest amount of his power. Amen. Do you understand that the smallest tiniest bit of God's power is a strong is the greatest amount of his power. God don't have no weak light, no medium light, no strong light. God said, "I'm the light of the world." And then he said, "You are the light of the world." You can't say, "Well, they seem to be having a better life than me. They've got more converts than I do. They witness to more people." That's got nothing to do with it. Everything is led and orchestrated by God. It's got nothing to do with you. It's got nothing to do with you. You probably say, "I've witnessed to hundreds of people and I've never converted one." Keep witnessing. Amen. This brother's witnessed to five and he's got five in church. Keep witnessing. I remember brother Donnie preaching that years. I remember I was at brother Charlie Cox's church living in Kentucky. I was about 17, 18 years old. And brother Donnie had preached Scott Symphony in West Virginia. Brother Harry, you probably remember that years ago. Brother Charlie had a video of it. We watched it for service one night. One of the most outstanding sermons to this day. But that's what God is doing. It's he's it's an orchestra. It's a symphony. And he's saying, "Your part is this. It's the same light. They all got the same sheet music." Yeah. It's the same sheet music. It's not different. You got the same light. Your part's different. Amen. Don't Don't think that because somebody's doing something more than you that you don't have the light. Amen. If you're looking for them to be like them, you're going to fail. You're killing your light. You're bringing fog and mist and darkness around your light when you're looking at an individual saying, "I want to be like that." Yeah. God said, "You be like the light. Be like the light. Don't worry about what everybody else is doing. If somebody's bringing people in, pray for them. They'll bring more." Amen. Amen. That's when you you look at people sometimes it just astounds me some people they they try to find the very edge of the light very edge of the darkness. Oh, brother Brandon didn't say nothing about this and he didn't say nothing about this. So So I can do Why would you get so close to the darkness? Why would you get as deep into that light as you could get that you're consumed by it? Go the totally opposite way. Amen. If you think, well, wearing a wearing a skirt just right to the top of my knees is nothing wrong. Why don't you go the other way? Wear them to your ankles. Go the opposite way. Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world. He that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life. Let's stand together. Matthew 5 14-16. You ye are the light of the world. A city that is set upon a hill cannot be hid. I was thinking that when he Jesus told him, a city, you're the light of the world. A city that sits upon a hill cannot be hid. He said, you're like a city. We look over into John. When John when when the angel said to John, you want to see the lamb's w the bride, the lamb's wife, what did he show her? Show him, showed him the city, right? You are the city of God. You are the city that sits on a hill that's the light to the world. unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. That's who we're bringing glory to. You're bringing glory to God. You're it's nothing to do to yourself. If you got somebody that wants to tell you so much of what they've done, who they've prayed for, how many messages they've preached, how many people they've led to Christ and all this, you better get away from them. cuz they want you to focus on them. Yes. Amen. His mercy is new every day. Amen. His grace is new. Every day should come with your light shining brighter than the day before. Hallelujah. So look at what God chose to put his light in. There's there's many of you here, me included. I could look at my life, the things that I've done, places I've been, things I've said that I would say I would be the last one, Brother Harry, that God would put a light in. He could have chose cherubams. He could have chose angels, seraphims, and put the light in. What did he choose? What did he choose? He chose dirt. He chose dirt to put his light in. and says, "Bring forth the seed." We look at her some times and he needed something to put that light in that had been at the lowest of lows, something that had been the chiefest of sinners. You had to know darkness. God said, "I'll put it in something that has known darkness has been there." Right? That's why you you don't you don't come out of the womb quoting scriptures living this life. Every man has to have a rebirth. Yeah. A new birth. And you were his choice to put the light in. God is still separating light from darkness. Amen. I'll read this and then we'll we'll get out of here. Shalom. God in the beginning separated the light from the darkness. And that again that's again what God is doing. God separates light from darkness. In the beginning he said let there be light. Now remember there can be no light outside the word of God. The very sun out there is the word of God vindicated. There was gross darkness upon the earth. Fog and mist upon the earth and God said let there be light. Now what if no light came? Then it wouldn't be him do it would do him no good to speak. But when he said, "Let there be light." And light come into existence vindicating that his word was right. That life, that light we live by today, can you say, "Amen." Amen. I've got too much left. Let's Let's bow our heads. You say you you have a need. You say, "Brother Joe, I want to be more like that light." I know I do. I want to I want to shine to the world brighter than I've ever shined in my life. you. Your light shining might be the light that brings the last one in. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so grateful, Father, that you've shined upon us in this last day. Lord, we're so grateful for this word that you've vindicated it time and time again, Lord. Lord, we're living lives when you told us we're written epistles read of all men. And sometimes, Lord, we wonder in what way are we written? Sometimes we we probably feel like we're not making a difference. Sometimes we feel like, you know, that there's we're not we're not doing anything for the kingdom of God, but Lord, everything is orchestrated in your time. Help us to keep feeding, keep watering, Lord Jesus, and getting under the light, Lord, and let your light shine forth from us, Lord. The needs here, Lord. There's many here, Father, that that want that light to shine brighter in their life. Lord, we can all be found lacking, Lord. We'll never be totally perfect until we take a rapture, Father. So I pray, Lord, that you would help us to shine brighter than before, Lord. So bright, Father, that that the world looks upon us, Father, and has to wander, has to come peer into this light and see what it is. Father, I pray that you would touch everyone here, every need. We thank you for it, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Larry, can we sing that song? Uh, Way Maker, Light in the Darkness, something like that. Let's worship him a little. You are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are healing healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You men in every heart. I worship you. I worship you cuz you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. Yes, my God. That is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. Yes, that is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. That is who you are. of my way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You're my way maker, maker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you [Music] are. We have a prayer request here for Sister Marilyn Wiggins. She had a major heart attack. She is um they've intubated her and and they said the next 24 to 48 hours are critical. So let's just take our sister before the Lord. If we'll all pray. Heavenly Father, you see the crucial situation with Sister Marilyn. Father, Lord, you're more than able. Lord, we we know we we look at and we respect what doctors say, Father, but even more so, we respect what you say, Lord. And you said that you was the healer of all things, Lord. And we pray that you would touch our sister, give her healing in her body, Lord. May your will be done and we will give you the glory for it. And we thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless [Music] you. Amen. Appreciate Brother Joe this morning. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. [Music] Let's just sing this little chorus as you're dismissed this morning. Oh, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship, one accord, every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God, my savior, God, my healer, God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our [Music] God. God my savior. God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. is every praise to our God. Every word of worship one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our [Music] God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior. God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our [Music] God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
