################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-14 - The Bride's Dowry Pt.12 - 1142026 - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-14
Title:    The Bride's Dowry Pt.12 - 1/14/2026
Speaker:  
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AI0XqvjXU28
========================================

Description:
1/14/26
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hello. I'll be Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You won't wear me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not earth shall harm me. Oh for I've sheltered it. The arms of God. Sing with all your heart. So let the storms rage high. The dark clouds rise. They won't weary me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not of earth shall harm me. Oh, for I've sheltered in the arms of God. Let's all stand. Sing the verse. &gt;&gt; The touch of hands. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord, for your touch tonight. Praise the Lord. They're leading me. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. and has done I was strong. I have no fear for Jesus walks beside you for I'm shelter in the arms of all. Let's sing it to him now. Oh, let the storms raise high. Dark clouds rise. They won't wear me. For I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and all of earth shall harm me. All for I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Sing that chorus again. So let the storms rage high. Dark clouds rise. They won't weary me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad that he walks with you tonight? &gt;&gt; Earth shall haunt me. Oh, for I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Oh yes, I've sheltered in the arms of God. &gt;&gt; All the precious arms of the Lord. Hallelujah. Give him a good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Amen. Ain't it good to be in the house of the Lord on Wednesday night? Amen. Look at your neighbor. Tell them you're glad to see him tonight. What a privilege it is once again to be in the house of the Lord. So glad you're you're here with us tonight. We're just looking to uh see what the Lord would do. I know he's got something good for us tonight. Whatever it would be, it'll be real good. Don't you think? &gt;&gt; Amen. Didn't we have a a glorious time here on Sunday morning? How many of you love the word of the Lord? Does it mean more to you now than it ever has? It should, shouldn't it? Amen. We're just so glad to have all of you with us tonight. If we have visitors, we want to say we welcome you to this service. So glad to have you with us tonight. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want them to enter into this service with us and just have a jubilee wherever they would be streaming from tonight. Let's give all of those folks a good hand tonight, if you will. Praise the Lord. Let me make this announcement. I'll get this name wrong. Sure as the world, but we're going to do it anyway. We would like to welcome our daughter-in-law, Elizabeth, and her fivemon-old grandson Allaric. Did I get that even close to right to the service tonight? We would also like to announce the birth of our granddaughter, Lenor June, born on June on January the 7th, 2026. Proud parents are John and Cheyenne Carol. The baby arrived three weeks early, but is doing well. We are so grateful. Sister Sarah and brother Harold. Carol wants that announcement tonight. Where would those folks be that's visiting with us tonight? Right over here. Give them a good hand tonight if you will. Praise the Lord. Amen. Glad to have you with us in the service tonight. Brother Amos Cut sent me a text today. Brother Leonard Seismore from over in West Virginia passed away. And they are asking that we would remember his church and his family in prayer that the Lord would just comfort their hearts during this time. Had brother uh Lynn Duggar service uh today. And well, Brother Lynn's in a in a happy place right now. I promise you that. Praise the Lord. Want to remember that family tonight as we pray. Also, uh, Brother Jim Hughes from Virginia is asking everyone to remember him and his family in prayer. His son has missed two weeks of work due to a stomach virus. His granddaughters are sick due to the virus. His wife is scraped, bruised, and sore from a recent fall. Brother Jim is still dealing with numbness in his hands, which is now affecting other parts of his body, making it very difficult for him to work on his job or at home. Please keep them all in your prayers as they're trusting God to move on their behalf. Brother Randy Scott wants us to remember him in prayer tonight. May the Lord bless all of you, he says. So, we just commit that to the Lord. Sister Shirley Robbins wants us to remember brother Greg in prayer. Coughing and respiratory uh situations going on. Pray for his strength and healing. So, we want to remember brother Greg tonight. Brother Rick Fiser says, "We will be having my mother's funeral tomorrow. I ask for strength and guidance for the days to come. So, we certainly want to remember that family in prayer. Sister Janet will remember you and your family in prayer as well as you had your son's service, I guess, on Sunday. So, we'll remember all these people that have lost loved ones recently that God would just uh comfort their hearts and be with them. Brother Fred Perry got to go home from the hospital today. Had a very serious flu, very weak. Want to pray for his strength and continued healing. So, let's remember that. Sister Ruth Louise Jack says, let's remember her and her family, many various needs. So, we want to remember that. Sister Hannahab is requesting prayer for herself, Meta, and Randy who are all battling the flu, strap, and flu-l like symptoms. Your prayers for their speedy recovery is greatly appreciated. So, we want to remember those folks tonight as we pray. All the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's tremendous needs in our group, but we just know that we're serving a God that's never never never turned his back on the needs of his children. May not come when we think it ought to, but he always gives us exactly what we need. Do you believe that? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Brother Harry, sing that second verse to that song again. Sheltered in the arms of God. Sing that verse for us if you will. Soon I shall hear a call from heaven's. Brother David, are you ready to pray? Come home my child. &gt;&gt; Oh, come home my child. &gt;&gt; It's the last smile. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Fall asleep. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Father. and awake in God's &gt;&gt; God's great big heaven. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Shelter safe within the arms of &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing it from her heart now. So, let the storms raise high. The dark clouds rise. They won't wear weary me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And all earth shall harm me. Thank you, Lord, for &gt;&gt; Oh, we're sheltered in the arms. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing that chorus one more time. Brother David, you come. So let the storms rage high. For I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and none of her shall harm me. For I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Thank you, Lord. We're so we're just so so thankful, Lord, that you you have complete control of every situation, everything we go through. No matter how dark the night, no m how great the storm, you've promised never to leave us. That means never, never to forsake us. Sometimes we may not feel you, Lord, but your word said you're always there. We're so thankful to come together this kind of a stormy night. Lord, &gt;&gt; come into this house that you provided for us, a shelter, Lord. Come in here with our brothers and sisters. Come in here with faith, Lord, believing that you'll meet each one of these requests. Cuz that's the type of father you are, Lord. You care for every one of us. You care for us more than we could ever imagine. You love us more than we can't even fathom how much you love us. We love you, Lord. And we just come here to praise you. We come here to feed on your word. May you just meet with us, Lord. Whatever you have for us, we'll we just are excited, Lord. What you the word that will come forth tonight. May you help us in the preparing the atmosphere, Lord. Help us to give our all in the singing and the song specials. May you bless him. May you bless Brother Louie and just help us all at this time, Lord. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother David. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Well, isn't he a mighty God tonight? &gt;&gt; Is he not a mighty God? &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Let's just sing a little bit of that course tonight. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we receive the evening offering. So glad once again to have any visitor with with us in the service. We want to welcome you. Trust you'll just receive a a real blessing. I believe we're going to have a wonderful time here tonight. What a mighty God Jesus is. Oh, now what a mighty God our Jesus is. Heaven and earth adore him. His people bow before him. What a mighty God our Jesus is savior. What a mighty God. &gt;&gt; Oh what a mighty God. &gt;&gt; Jesus is &gt;&gt; what a mighty God. Glory. Oh, what a mighty God. &gt;&gt; What a mighty God. &gt;&gt; My Jesus is. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord Jesus. Heaven and earth adore you. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, &gt;&gt; we love &gt;&gt; his little children. Bow before him. Glory world. What a mighty God. Oh, you're going to say that one more time with all your heart. Why don't you lift your hands? Oh, what a mighty God our Jesus is. Hallelujah. is what a mighty God our Jesus is. Hallelujah. Heaven. &gt;&gt; Oh yes Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes we do Lord. What a mighty God. Oh, why don't we sing it one more time with all of our heart. Oh yes. What a mighty God our Jesus is. Oh what a mighty God our Jesus is. Hallelujah. Heaven and earth adore him. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. We love you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a mighty God. Jesus. One more time with all your heart. I said now what a mighty God our Jesus is. Glory. Oh yes. What a mighty God our Jesus is. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord before him. &gt;&gt; Oh what a mighty God our Jesus is. Oh yes. Now what a mighty God our Jesus is. Thank you father. Oh what a mighty God our Jesus is hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a mighty God our Jesus is. &gt;&gt; Oh, he really is. Yes, he is. Somebody say, "Yes, he is." Give him another good hand clap of praise tonight in the house of the Lord. Amen. And you know, it's just any day now that mighty God's coming after his bride. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; Are you anticipating it? Are you looking forward to it? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Let's sing a little bit of that tonight. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see one more time. Trusty day now our Lord is coming. Thank you Lord for you and me. Amen. Brother Malachi if you come on the platform. Brother Justin, if you come on to the platform just any day now, his face I'll see. There's a longing in my heart for his appearing. I gladly leave behind all these trials here below. Here below for this journey has been so thank you father. I am so much closer. Thank you father. Oh, just any day now our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now his face. I'll see. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give our singers a good hand tonight as you're seated. The Lord bless you. When I'm in need, I'll call the Lord that hears me. Yes, he helps me. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yes, he is almighty. He sent his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful our God cannot handle. our God into he revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory the greatest love of story. And when you're in need, just call on the Lord. Oh, he'll hear you. Yes, he'll help you. For he is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. Oh, wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. Oh, God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. And there's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Oh, God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the water just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sent his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful our God cannot handle. Our God instant blessed revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory, gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Came down from his glory and gave us his victory. The greatest love story. hadn't been this excited to sing in a long time. I for weeks I had been praying, Lord, just give me I hadn't been able to find a song to sing. It felt like it'd been three years since I had found one, and it had only been a couple weeks. And I was driving home and it was just me and Jude and we was driving on it was a Tuesday night and I found the song and he said, "Daddy, I like this song." I said, "I think I like this song, too." And then Wednesday night, the service solidified this song to me. And before I got to the truck, I text Louie. I said, "I got you a song." Most time is the other way around. Usually he says, "You got a song." And I really just have to make one up. But I told him I got him a song and it might only bless me, but I hope it blesses somebody tonight. And I hope you just help me worship him. There's a story in the Bible that I need to hear. When I showed my doubt, my future is not clear. The disciples they were walking with the son of man and he asked a simple question. Who do people say I am? Some say you are Elijah or father. Some say John Baptist back to life. Jesus asked, "How about you?" If I have been, I said the same. You are the Christ, the one who is to come. You are his one and only son, the hope of my salvation, the rock on which I stand. Heat. Heat. Heat. to the street and their castles still asking us I Christ is to come. You are one and only son. The hope of my salvation. The rock on which I stand. You are, you are, you are the one who is to come. The lion and the lamb. I am. I am. Who stole the sting of death, who died and rose again. I am. You're setting captives free of victory. I am I am forever. I will sing. Ever I will sing. You are the Christ. The one who is to come. You are God's one and only son. The hope of my salvation. The rock of eternity. You are You are You are You are the Christ, the one who is to come. You are Messiah, one and only son, the hope of my salvation, the rock on which I stand. You are. You are. Are you Maybe Jude needs to help pick out his songs from now on. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. How many knows there's great inspiration that can comes from songs and from singing? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Remember the old prophet when he couldn't get a word from the Lord and they brought a minstrel to him and begin to play and all of a sudden the spirit of God came on him. The prophet also tells us that whenever Israel would go out for war, you know what they'd send first? It wasn't the donut truck and it wasn't coffee, but it was the singers. The singers. You imagine what a time they must have had in the days of David. They had David, the great psalmist, the songwriter. They had Asaf as SA PH, which was also another songwriter. They had all these different sons of all these different songwriters. It must have been something. I didn't get to hear them then, but I'm longing for the time when I can hear him. &gt;&gt; Won't it be something when we all gather together at that great time? Praise the Lord. Trust you well tonight. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Fighting the devil. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Winning. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Wasn't as many of you said yes. Let's turn tonight to Jude chapter 1 verse4. Praise the Lord. We're so happy to be together tonight. Just looking looking forward to what the Lord's got for us in the service. Remember now, we're still speaking about the bride's dowy. And in this dowy is what the father um would give to the bride that would make her life better once she entered into matrimony also in her journey to her husband. And listen to this. It might seem odd to you till you get into it a little bit. Verse four. For there are certain men crept in unawares who were before of old ordained to this condemnation. Ordained of old to this condemnation. Ungodly men turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness. Well, if they are ungodly men, what in the world have they got to do with grace? Why are they even talking about grace? Why are they dealing with grace? And they're going to have such influence that they will be able to turn the grace of God around into lasciviousness. Must be some powerful men turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ. I will therefore put you in remembrance, though you once knew this, how that the Lord having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believe not. So they were saved and then they were lost after being saved. Wow, brother Tony, what about us? Well, we've got to have a seal on our soul that way. Once you get that, that's when I believe once in grace, always in grace. &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; Until you get the Holy Ghost, you add all the way in. Now watch in verse six. Now he's going to run a parallel of what God did to the children of Israel and bring them out of the land of Egypt and then later destroyed them. And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved an everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day. How many like to be remembered tonight as we pray? Amen. I heard part of the prayer request that Brother Louie was sharing. A lot of folks sick. A lot of folks got a different bunch of needs and in their body. And um Brother Daryl had went up to Pennsylvania to preach and they put him in a a bed and breakfast. And he had his arms full of his stuff as he was going in. And whenever he walked through the hallway, there was a step there and he missed that step. not but about four inches maybe something like that but when he did he pulled a muscle like in the groin area and it's really really causing a lot of problems and um he's kind of catered to it I guess in the last week or so and it's caused in his back to kind of go back out but we're believing God tonight that he's going to move for our brother &gt;&gt; he's in a lot of pain today and just really suffering we want the Lord How many is going to believe together &gt;&gt; amen in your need and request as well. Heavenly Father, as we bow our heads in your divine presence, we want you to know how grateful we are that we can come together, Lord Jesus, on a Wednesday night. We're so grateful, Father, that you have provided a way of of of fellowship and salvation, a way that we could come into your divine presence as Gentiles. Lord, at one time we were counted without the commonwealth of Israel. We were dogs, outcasts, but today we sit in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And we are so thankful for that opportunity. We never want to darken these doors or any other church where we would visit and take it for granted. Lord, we want you to know we appreciate it so very much. Thank you for the songs tonight, Lord, the worship. And we just pray now that you'd help us in this further part of the service. Lord, you heard all the requests that Brother Louie read and maybe there's others that didn't get to turn in their their need and their request. And then, Father, mentioning Brother Daryl, you see this need in his back, Lord. And he's had such a a time with it. And Father, this fall that he had, I pray the spirit of God would just move for our brother tonight supposed to be down with brother Wadeale and and the Saints down in Georgia this weekend. is really going to need your touch to help him to be able to go. Also, Father, this prayer call that I have in my hand for our dear sister, dear God, we're praying in the name of Jesus that you just move forward, Lord. Touch our sister, bring healing and deliverance into her body. We pray in the name of Jesus. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Okay, good. I thought y'all weren't going to say amen on me tonight. So, good. I guess you are, right? God bless you. You can be uh you can be seated. So, Elelliana passed out song service. Okay. All right. Let's pray for Elelliana if you don't mind. my granddaughter. They said Elelliana passed out um during the song service. Heavenly Father, you see this need in Ellie's body. Lord God, we just ask you right now in the name of Jesus that you'd come to her. Father, you see what caused this Lord, I just rebuke it in the name of Jesus Christ. May whatever it is a believer now father in Jesus name we just believe all things will be made well Lord in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now of all the gifts that God has given to us as his people and I have got a list of them that I hope the Lord lets me go through before I leave all all of this. And we could start of course with salvation. We could start with uh being redeemed. We could start with reconciliation. So many awesome, wonderful things that the Lord has done for us as individuals. And we all have our priorities, of course, as far as what we would rank that would be the highest. And I think any of us would say it would be the Lord's blood and his love and his mercy and his grace. Then we'd come on down and we would come to our own our own portion of the spirit of God, which is his life that he's shared with us. And then for those of us that are married and we have a wonderful spouse, we would come to them. If you have children, you'd list them. Grandchildren, friends, relatives, neighbors, uh people we go to church with. There would be so many things that we would list that and we would give praise and honor to the Lord. And I think that we should actually give him praise for all those things. And these things are gifts that the father has given to us out of his great love. Some of them are natural. Some of them are more spiritual than natural. But yet, they all come from a heavenly father that has such great love and concern for us. But I'd also like to point in the direction tonight of another great gift that was given to us by our loving father that was so essential for us to be able to culminate in us being what he wanted us to be. And that gift is a prophet. Now, we thank God for pastors. We thank God for evangelists, teachers, missionaries, apostles. We thank God for every aspect of the five-fold ministry. But oh, as I look in this last day and the more we go on and the darkness as it's penetrating all around us everywhere in politics and religion and school and education and you know every every avenue that we look at and it makes me so appreciate that God gave us in this age now think in the in the first church age they also in their dowy chest they had a great prophetic gift and that prophet's name was Paul and God had so blessed that first church age. He gave them Peter, Andrew, Bartholomew, Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, different brothers that was there. And they done a great job. But oh, what would the New Testament church had been if it had not been for the Apostle Paul? How they must have thanked God for the Apostle Paul because God so enlightened him to write things Peter never touched. Matthew never touched because he was not a prophet. Peter, as great a man as he was, yet Paul had insight that went so far beyond anything that Peter ever saw. And yet Peter was very essential in the move of God. Then we come down to the second church age, no prophet. Third church age, no major prophet. Fourth church age, fifth church age, sixth church age, no major prophet. What do we have? Reformers. Men that love God. men that loved the church, men that were called of God to do everything they could. But God knew in the seventh church age that the darkness would be so great on the earth in the last days because he prophesied that it would that it would take more than just pastors to be able to go and pray and seek God and have a revival and see if they could get some evangelists to come in and see what they could do to stir the church up. God knew it would take a mighty great move. And he also knew that there was certain things that was mysteries which is only given to a certain class in the five-fold ministry and that is a prophetic class. So God knew that he's going to wait and and send this prophet in the very last age because there'll be so many things that God will have on his heart in his mind that he wants to convey to his bride. And it won't just be something that he'll be sharing just a bunch of theology, but it'll be something so essential and so necessary for her to be able to have her face and her heart restored back to that original promise of God. And if God does not send Elijah according to Malachi 4, he would destroy the earth. Lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. &gt;&gt; Where would you and I be tonight if it was not for God sending us a prophet with a message? &gt;&gt; Where would the world be? Well, I'll tell you, they they don't appreciate it. They don't like it. A lot of them hate it. They don't want nothing to do with it. But once God winds up this last age and completes the fulfilling ministry of Malachi 4, then they will look and realize what it kept off of them. The darkness, the powers of hell and all that this message is keeping away. It's terrible now, but you just wait till the bride is gone. They ain't seen nothing yet what it's going to be. You believe that? But now notice with that comes great spiritual enlightenment. Yeah. It's not only just the great deep mysteries of of God and his great Godhead and healing and deliverance and all that, but there's so many just natural things of life that comes inside the contents of this message. people that are not even called to be bride that not even to really called to get into the depths of this message but they just hang around the fringes as we would say it would make them a better Christian just if they would take that and live those very simple things without getting into the great deeper things it would make them better people absolutely it would just like people of that same category read certain things about Paul's writing ings and they will take them very simple things and it makes them better church members yet they will miss many things that are given to the elect only where they will read from the exact same book of Ephesians and them type of category of Christians they'll take the very simple aspects of Ephesians and they'll totally miss what's hidden there for the bride same with Philippians Colossians Galatians Corinthians Thessalonians, Titus, Phyimon, Hebrews, all the rest of it that was written by this prophet of God. And yet in there, it's like God puts it forth in levels. So people can read the Bible and according to their capacity, according to the election and the predestination of God, some will get out of that forgiveness and the blood and mercy and the cross, and that's as far as they'll ever go. They'll never go into the great mystery of God of election and fornowledge and seed life and all the great things that God has in store. And they may memorize the book of Ephesians, but you can't memorize the mysterious part. Only God can make that known to you. Aren't you glad he has? &gt;&gt; Now, I want you to listen as we take a little journey into the realms or the spheres of the supernatural. Now remember that God created of course the dimensions way back you know who knows exactly when it was but we know that he created the angels before the foundation of the world. So no doubt the dimensions and the spheres were already created then as well because the angels actually made their choice to leave the kingdom of Michael before the foundation of the world was ever laid. So there were dimensions and realms and spheres of the supernatural in there the angelic beings which all at the at the beginning belong to God and they were under his domain. But he knew that some of them because they did not come from eternal essence of his being but rather as creatures that would be allocated a choice. Now remember they were placed in their dominion or their habitation as we just read on a very similar basis as Adam was in the Garden of Eden. So Adam was placed there on probation. So were the angels that God knew would fall. But remember the Bible also talks about elect angels which lets us know some were not elected. So the elect angels could not fall, would never fall. Impossible for them to fall. Now I want you to listen carefully now as we break into this of what God has given to us as his bride. Listen to this. In 1954 as a prophet goes into it. Mortals are influenced from an outside world. I should understand by the grace of God. I deal with spirits and I should know what I'm speaking of. Well, for one person in this building tonight, I believe that he did. &gt;&gt; And I look along this dark mass of gaity and every once in a while you'll see little lights are burning. Now notice how that this realm had been opened somewhat in the Old Testament to the prophets and they would by the spirit of God be able to go into the realm. This is why the Old Testament would call a prophet a seer s. So he was able by the spirit of God by open vision. You remember the Bible tells us that that the word of the Lord came to soand so and there was no open vision in that day. So what that means is there was no man on the earth that had the reciprocating gift that he could open up his eyes like this and peer into the first, second, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh dimension, whatever it was. So God would place them men on the earth at a certain time. So no doubt some of them broke into that realm and there would be periods of great silence of the supernatural and it would go for hundreds of years. There would be no word from God. There would be no open vision. They would just rehearse what they had heard in the past. And they would live and they how great it was when God delivered our forefathers from the land of Egypt. Oh, what a a great time. And then something else would come along. And then God would deliver somebody else and it would be a a new word that would be added to that. and then it might go another 150 years or 200 or 400 whatever it was and they would just go along in this slow type of cycle. Now the supernatural always was there but it was like there was no one that had the ability to break into that realm and pull out of there something for the season that the people lived. Again, why we needed a prophet. Now watch this. how that God allowed our prophet messenger to be able to deal in the realm of the supernatural in a different way than Elijah would have of the Old Testament or Isaiah, Ezekiel, Naam, you know, all the prophets of the Old Testament. They would have broke in, but theirs was more of a realm of prophetic word and also of the condition of the time, the sin of the people. God rebuking them by the prophets. But remember, God is now with the prophet of our day going to send this prophet at the beginning of the Pentecostal age. So the beginning of this age was going to come out and whatever it did. Now remember what the woman who was he identified her as an astronomer and she saw him on that bus that day and she started looking at him real funny and he started feeling he said a funny spirit and he said he always was sensitive to that and he said this woman spoke to him young man young man. So he turned around and said, "Yes, ma'am." And she said, "Do you know there's a light following you?" He said, "No, ma'am. I I don't want nothing to do with that." She said, "You mean no preachers have ever told you that there's a light following you?" He said, "I have nothing to do with preachers. I don't I don't go to church. I I don't know anything about all of that sort of thing." So she tries to talk to him, you will never be successful in the west, in the east. You'll have to go out west. I don't want anything to do with that. And he actually got a little bit rude with her. And she said, "Now, is that a way a gentleman should act that you would get rude and smart with me?" And he said, "Well, I'm not trying to get smart with you, but my mother always told me to stay away from that stuff." She said, "Would it help you if I told you when you were born?" He said, "No, because you can't do that." April the 6th, 1909, 5:00 in the morning. And he said, "How did you know that?" And she said, "Did you ever hear of the magi in the Bible?" He said, "Well, I've heard something about it." Well, that was actually them three messengers and them three stars come together and it was the birth of Jesus. You've heard that? Yeah, I've heard that. Well, every now and then God will send a gift to the earth in commemoration of that great gift. Amen. &gt;&gt; And it just so happened that you were born in that alignment that God has given you a gift and sent it to the earth in commemoration of the great gift. &gt;&gt; You do know why that gift was sent, don't you? For you. &gt;&gt; For you. Oh, yeah. There's millions of people that benefited by the gift of healing and the signs and the prophecy and all kinds of different things like that. But many of them will never take the word and be changed by the word and actually become that word that he preached. Now they will become the healing word that he brought. Thus sayaith the Lord you're healed. And they would walk into that word. That would have been an awesome thing to have. But you can be healed and get sick again from the same thing and die from the same disease. But God had another Hallelujah. God had another word or more word that he was bringing to the elect of God. And it was not just for divine healing of the body, but he wanted to heal them of their mortality. In other words, burst them into eternal life by the breath of God. and he brings a prophet then on the earth and he will start out among the Pentecostals and and the Pentecostals will be blessed and he will as Elea went from the well back down to the house where uh where she was from and her brother benefited and her mother benefited and no doubt other people there benefited by this man but they was not the bride Rebecca. Now listen to this. Every once in a while you see little lights are burning. Lights. There you are. It's your table today. Lights are burning. That's Christians in the darkness giving light. You see what I mean? Now, what what are we what are we looking at from a man who lived so much of his life in the realm of the supernatural? Now, Isaiah never say anything like this. Of course, there were no Christians in the Old Testament, so there could be no pulsation of eternal light life from their souls. So, the prophets couldn't see it in reality. Even in the New Testament, Paul got a little glimpse, but Paul never said it quite like this before. But remember that God wanted our prophet to be able to walk in that realm so much because of all that was going to transpire in his ministry. Now, watch what he says that that's Christians in the darkness giving light. You see what I mean? Now look at this here. The sinner is influenced by a spirit because he is a spirit. The sinner is influenced by a spirit because he is a spirit. And the wrong gives influence and the right gives influence. Now remember, there's three realms up this way and three realms down this way. And you're in the middle. you're in the middle. Now, whenever the prophet would break into this realm, a vision, now this would have been somewhat different from the visions that he would have saw in 1933, and it would have involved the the car shaped like an egg and Mussolini and all of those things that would happen. But many of these other visions, it was the the realm of politics for sure. But God gave him a great insight into the realm of diseases and afflictions. Now that that realm had not been visited in this capacity since the very creation of man by a prophet. Now think of it. The Lord Jesus when he was here, he broke into that realm and he's the creator and the master of that realm. But he did not go into that realm and and bring out as much out of that realm as he allowed his messenger to in the last day. And after all, it wasn't the messenger anyway. It was the ministry of the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, watch. So, as he's in this realm, he's seeing things that will appear so different. So he would see angels, he would see demons, he would see light, he would see darkness, it would be in the form of streaks, it could be flickering lights, he would after casting out devils and go to a hotel at night, then those demons would come to haunt him and he would hear chains rattling all night long. Now you know what had happened there? that that devil had a place of rest in that human body and through the word of God that devil was made to leave and the devil hadn't found another resting place yet. So it come with its chains you know maybe the same ones that Jude writes about. It comes with its chains and it comes back to torment that man that made it leave. That's why you better know what you're doing before you go to casting out devils. &gt;&gt; Now, they would be very angry and very upset then at the prophet and they would they would come back to his room and he would hear those chains rattling all through the night. And he said they would rub their flesh against him. I'm telling you one thing that ain't many of us called to deal with that. &gt;&gt; Ain't you glad? &gt;&gt; That'd scare the liver out of me. hair standing up on back of my neck right now. Oh my. But God sent one. Why? Apparently, we needed him. So in that realm, whenever he'd come out, there would be an impression that would still be left on him. And you can hear him as he preaches different things. And it's like he's bringing the insight from that world or worlds and plural and he will preach about it. Now, this is what he's doing here. and this and this uh uh service. Now we said those that are dominated from the blackness and separation. The wrong gives influence and the right gives influence and those who are dominated from with blackness and separation are dominated from the underworld of devils. So they are dominated. Now does that mean that a Christian cannot get under the influence of an evil spirit? Nope. Christians sure can. &gt;&gt; Anybody honest enough to say that you're a Christian and you have before? &gt;&gt; Few of you. Well, thank God the rest of you need to get saved. I reckon I'll make an alter call and y'all get saved before we leave tonight. Now think of it. There's a difference between getting under the influence of a spirit and possessed by one. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now watch him as he goes on with this. Here's where mortals live. A whole conglomeration is blackness and darkness. And in there is little lights placed now and then. So in here where mortals are now because we're still immortal, we are found in this conglomeration of darkness, but something has happened to us by the grace of God. And then the way he's relating it was that in there is little lights placed now and then. That's Christians born again of light. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. Christians that are born again of life. So then what does that make you? That makes you a son or daughter of light. So right here in this building tonight, everybody is pulsating something out from your soul because you are a little dynamo and you are creating by what you read, what you watch, what you listen to, what your spirit feeds on. All that all that culminates in an atmosphere that you create. All of us do. Every one of us killed kids and all. Now then the the there's a part of that that we have to do oursel and we cannot produce the light. Only the new birth can do that. Now once he said you are a light that is set on a hill, a candle that is set in the room and it gives light to all the room. So now get in your mind a candle that is set in a room. So it doesn't mean that every one of you are this gigantic massive massive massive light and you're going to totally put out all the darkness. No, he types us as a candle being set in a room. Now depending on the size of the room and how big the candle is, how much light you'll pull out and be able to emanate in the room. a candle that is set in a room that gives light to all the room. That's what a Christian is amongst darkness. You're supposed to shine where it's dark. Now notice the wicked or the unbeliever is influenced from beneath. From beneath. There is a trinity of hell like there is a trinity of heaven. They're influenced by evil powers. Notice the first thing when you start down. Now, let's go down in this realms. The first thing you find is a realm that's got the unsaved in it. The unsaved. That's right. That's where Jesus went and preached to the souls that were in prison that repented not in the longsuffering in the days of Noah. The next is demons. So now here you are, you and I together. We're in this mortal stream of time. The very first dimension or realm beneath us is the regions of the lost. The very next dimension down is demons. Oh my &gt;&gt; demons. Help us Jesus. The next is demons and the next is hell itself. The world is influenced by these demon powers through this trinity. So the trinity of the lost which are kept in prison until judgment. Then the second realm of that trinity is those demons which fell before the foundation of the world. They forfeited their habitation, their rights to be angels of God. They forfeited their rights to stand before his presence and worship and adore him day and night. So they have a habitation now that is the second part of Satan's trinity. Now notice as the prophet turns and he said the Christians are influenced by spirit too. The Holy Spirit. The first is the Holy Spirit above. Now we've turned from down here. Now we're going this way. The first is the Holy Spirit above for Christians. The next layer is angels. Praise God. And the next heavens is God. Now remember, heaven, it's not like it's 450,000 miles away from here. It's in another dimension that is moving faster than the one we're in right now. Remember when the prophet was carried beyond the curtain of time into the sixth dimension and when he got up there and he had crossed over into this river. Remember he had not entered into his own theophony yet because a theophony is a word formed body that you bypass to come here. In that word formed body you would know all things. His was a translation cuz watch when he got there he didn't know where he was and he sees all these people coming and he don't know who they are. &gt;&gt; They know him but he don't know them. You understand? &gt;&gt; Death in this body births us into the theophony. But he had not died. He'd simply been transferred or transported. So once he comes in there, he goes to asking these questions. Well, why'd you put me up here? Who who are all these? Well, you you've been gathered with your people. Are all these Brandoms? They're not all brandoms. these are your converts that you led to Christ. And then the brothers come and they picked him up real high and they said, "What'd you do that for?" One question after another after another. Now remember, it was a translation of sorts, he called it a couple of different things, but he said if what he was carried up into was the first heaven, then what Paul saw must have been the third heaven. Now remember it is layers and dimensions. So in the sixth dimension when he was there he never mentioned one thing about seeing Peter or Paul or Luther or Wesley or Calvin or none of their followers. He only saw his own. So in the sixth dimension it's like there are layers or spheres in that dimension. And each church age messenger is gathered with his own and at the resurrection is when we all get together. &gt;&gt; Man, you talking about a family reunion. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. Now notice, so when the Lord Jesus dies, he goes down and preaches to the souls that were in prison. And we know that the blood of an animal could not allow the souls to come back up in the Old Testament. So they were sent into a place called paradise. So paradise at that time laid down this way but not no more. It has been absolutely changed and done away with. No child of God goes this way. They go up this way. &gt;&gt; Now saying that in that realm, watch what he said. The first is the Holy Spirit for Christians. The next layer is angels. And the next heavens, heavens is God. Holy Spirit, angels, God. The Holy Spirit come up past angels come down to redeem sinners. I don't want to go over the top of your head and just blow you away tonight, but actually the Holy Spirit is the dispensation of the son of God. The son of God is the Holy Ghost. We'll pick that up some other time. The next layer is angels and the next heaven is God. Holy Spirit, angels, God. The Holy Spirit come up pass. Angels come down to redeem sinners. Say here is a line like this. And in there's all mortals on this side or on that side. Men are influenced by one side. This side, notice now he's born up this way. This side comes from God. This side comes from the devil. Now, let's just take a great conglomeration of blackness and gaoty and muck and sin and divisiveness of this world. Every once in a while, you'll see a little white spot. That's a Christian. Now, I wonder how by vision that when people would walk up and the Lord would open their life to him. Now remember in the fourth dimension is the realm where a prophet sees his vision. Fourth dimension of course and other dimensions are light, matter, time, science. So the unbeliever goes, where the believer goes and where God is. So in the fourth dimension is the realm of science. So we have light, rays, cosmic light, all types of different things. But we also have dimensional travel. So in that dimensional world is how a prophet would be able to stand right here with his eyes wide open and he could journey back in time before the foundation of the world. And in two seconds of our human time, he could be brought up to 25 years like ago and then he would be able to be shot forth in time down through eternity and and he wasn't gone from the earth just five minutes sitting right there with his eyes wide open. Now, he's time traveling through the fourth dimension. Now, think of it, friends, that God, you say, "Brother Donnie, what's it got to do with me?" Well, I don't know exactly what it's got to do with you as an individual, but it must have something to do with you, or it wouldn't be in your message. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If it didn't have nothing to do with you, I guess Luther would have preached them. We all wouldn't know nothing about it. But apparently, it's got something to do with us right here tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Say, "Help me, Lord. &gt;&gt; Help me, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Open my understanding, Lord." &gt;&gt; Now, every once in a while, you see a little white spot. That's a Christian like a light. Now, those that are in darkness are influenced from beneath. Can't you understand, friends, why the people of the world without the spirit of God illuminating them, why they'll never see the great things of God? Uh Carol and I run into several of the saints today uh down at the viewing of brother Lyn and the funeral and we was talking to one of the sisters of our church and she was talking about and we was talking about the light and the darkness together and the light and of course she didn't know what I was going to preach tonight but whenever you think and I told her I said you know if you would have been born in total darkness and you never even saw any light at all whatsoever and you never knew there was such a thing as a light. So you take some of the underground animals as a mole or a shrew or some of those that's even worse than them and get down and they spend their whole life under darkness. There's fish that are blind. We've got some in the in the caves here in Tennessee. They have never seen light. Not one speck of light. But if you'd be able to pull that fish out of the water and talk to him and tell him, "Hey, little to fish you there. There's a light out here. You've got little brothers and sisters over here on Walta Lake and and there's a great big sun, a great big ball." Say, "Are you crazy? There ain't no ball. I I was born in this darkness. I've lived every day of my life in this darkness. I've never seen no light. I've never heard anybody even talking about it. You're crazy. Get out of here. I don't want nothing to do with you. You're messing up my dark world. That's why they don't like the light of the day because it messes up their dark world. Don't you understand when people backslide how they become so contankerous and so hateful? Why? Because the light in you is recognized by that evil spirit on them or sometimes in them. And that spirit hates that little bright light that it sees pulsating out of your soul. Sisters, it's not always necessary the the length of your hair nor the length of your dress. And we believe in all that. We believe our brothers ought to dress godly and act godly. But that's not so much what demons are looking at. But demons see that communication channel from our being. And they see from us either pulsates for them or against them. We can talk the message. We can quote quotes and quote scripture. That ain't what they go by. They go by what Paul states from our soul. It's either one of two things. It's either light or darkness. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Now notice those, he said, "Now those that are in darkness are influenced from beneath. Those that are lights are influenced from above. They are lights." Do you understand the world? They're not just in darkness. They are darkness. They are darkness. And that's why many of them, you know, as we talk about it all the time, and you've heard me say it many times, you probably get sick of hearing me say it, but I've said it all the time. I don't understand how people live without the Lord. I don't I I wouldn't want to live one one moment without him in my life. I mean, knows what I'm talking about. But yet, there are people that live what they think a normal everyday life without God. They will live on the earth 60, 70, 80, 90 years, 100 years, whatever it is. and they will die and they will be lost and then they will realize one day what they miss and they live what they thought was a perfectly normal human life. Well, how come you can't do that? How come you have to go to church? Why does brother Harvey do you need to real still read your Bible? Why is it that you've been listening to this prophet all these years and you still like to turn on one of them tapes and listen to it? Why is it that you need to pray? Why is it that you need to pick up your Bible? because you were darkness, but you're not darkness anymore. So, what does it make you do? It makes you fall in love with the light which illuminated your soul. And you become wed to that light and it's a part of who you are. So, it's part of the way you live, the way you talk. It's the way we live our lives. We rule our lives by it. We judge our lives by it. Now, watch. Then, those that are in that darkness, they do exactly the same way. They talk darkness talk. They think darkness thoughts. They watch darkness programs on television and read darkness books and on the internet. Everything about it. It's darkness. It's conglomeration of gaity and mock and filth. But every now and then you'll see a little light flashing over here and over there. Now there's not that many of them in comparison to all the world. Now watch. He said, "Now, when you leave either one of these channels and you go into the realm of spirit, this is the mortal realm, the dimensions that we live in." Now, if you go this way, listen close. If you go this way, the first dimension is the spirits of the dead. Peter spoke of it in prison that repented not by the longsuffering of the days of Noah. The wicked unregenerated man when he dies his spirit goes into that realm. The next realm below is demons. The next realm below that is hell. Now what happens then to those that truly become born again? Are they delivered from every speck of darkness? I'm going to answer that for you. I'll let your gift answer it. Paul a prisoner. It's just like our lives. We are &gt;&gt; shadows. &gt;&gt; Shadows. Now, if we're a light where if our lives cope with the light of the day, now notice what he says. You are. If we're a light where if our lives cope with the light of the day, can't you see why Satan wants to pull you out of the light of the day? He don't mind if you walk in the light of Pentecost. He don't mind if you walk in the light of Lucern or the light of, you know, a Baptist or whatever more. He hates it when you walk in the light of your day. That's what gives you power to overcome him. We cannot overcome the demons in this hour with the message of Pentecost. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. We cannot overcome the darkness in this age with the message of John Smith, the founder of the Baptist church. It was a great move of God all those years ago. But even those who are professed Baptist, walking in that light, can't overcome the evil of this age. So what do they do? turn the grace of God into lasciviousness and say, "It don't matter no more. It don't matter. Hair, clothes, paint, all that, you know, mascara, all that. That that that don't matter at all. That don't matter no more." Why? They're living in a past light. And that light does not produce a victory in the age we're living. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. Now notice if we're a light where if our lives cope with the light of the day, we're walking in light. It's just like you look out and say, "I see the sun in the daytime. You see the shadow of the sun. It's a reflection of the sun. It isn't the sun itself." Now remember, it averages around 93 million miles uh from the from the earth at any given time. It isn't the sun itself, but it proves that there is a sun for us to get close enough to able to even look at with our eyes, we'd be totally burned up. We'd totally be burned up. Our eyes would have melt, you know, even spacecraft be able to get close enough to it. They can't even do it because it's so hot. Now, watch this thought. It's very important that you catch that. So, he said, "But it proves that there is a sun." It proves again it says there is a sun. And now when I see like you now watch the analogy of the sun when I see like you sitting out there using fans. I just seen sister Marca an using hers. Some of the rest of you using theirs. I'd use one if I had it cuz it's hot on a firecrack here in here tonight. So now watch the analogy. So I'm I'm looking and I'm seeing you. But he said it means that you're living, but it's only a shadow of life. &gt;&gt; Now remember, for a man who spent decades of his life in the realm of the supernatural, and he would see light and darkness and shadows and flickers and all kinds of things like that. Keep this in mind. Now, we're not talking about a theologian from Bible school, but we're talking about a man that dealt with angels and demons and sickness. Now remember, he would be able to see them things and see some of them with hair coming down and see the cancers, some of the cancers that would look like a crab, some of them that would be red, some of them that would be black, and see them demons as they was looking at him with a human appearance with their teeth. Goodness gracious. I don't want to cause anybody to have nightmares tonight, but notice it was not just so much the length of their hair or the their teeth, but it was how that he related to them in light and darkness. Now, he said because it's only a shadow of light because anything has to have darkness in it to make a shadow. Wow. We have any perfect Christians here tonight? Oh, dear Lord. No perfect Christians. Did you notice my hands were down, too? &gt;&gt; I didn't see a preacher raise their hand. Do we have any Christians that are looking to the perfection of the Lord Jesus? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You're talking my talk. But are we perfect? Are we sinless? Is our flesh filled with the Holy Ghost? Oh my. Now notice this is what he says you are. Because a shadow has to possess so much darkness and so much light to make a shadow. The light is your new birth by the soul. The darkness is your body that your mom and daddy gave you. &gt;&gt; And it's going to aggravate you and haunt you every day you live on the earth. &gt;&gt; And the Lord Jesus knew he would do it. And he left you in it anyway because he wanted the soul to conquer the flesh. He wanted the soul to bring this body subject. Don't conquer it one time and that's it at the new birth. No. But leave it mortal. Leave it in the mortal realm. Let it be that. Now, you can't see it, but I can. I've got my hand here tonight between these lights and this desk. I can see my fingers moving. Of course, in the flesh, you can. But I can see the shadow. I can see the shadow. My thumb is moving. My first finger, my little finger. I can see the shadow moving. None of you can't see the shadow because you're at the wrong angle. But you see, when we look at it under the illumination of the light of the hour, it helps us not only to see that we are eternal with God and that we have a new birth, but if you're at the right angle with the light, it helps you to see you've still got this element right here that you can't trust it. And you've got to bring it subject to the word. Not only bring it subject, but keep it subject to the word. Other people look at said, "Oh, you don't have to worry about the flesh. Jesus knew we couldn't live right. Don't even worry about it. Turning the grace of God into lasciviousness. &gt;&gt; It don't matter if you drink a little bit. It don't matter if you tell little white lies. Is there such a thing? Where in the world we come up with that at? A little white lie. A little white lie. The Bible tells us the biggest lie that was ever told had 90ome% truth. And so that little guy you're calling a little white lie, it's the biggest lie there is. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Notice now. So it can't be allto together dark and it can't be allto together light. So when these people go into the sixth dimension, you see what they drop? They drop the shadow. They drop the shadow and they move into that perfect light. Several years ago, before Carol's sister Sharon passed, they'd give her a mega dose. A doctor down in Kentucky almost killed her with chemo. And they called us and wanted us to come down there. She didn't think she's going to live. She had a couple different bouts. But she told her husband Arley to tell Carol how much she loved her. You know, it was always a terrible, terrible time, but she actually felt herself leave her body. And one of these episodes that she had and she saw this great light and she saw the beautiful blue of the skies like a blue she had never seen before. And she never really cared for yellow flowers or orange on the earth. But when she got there, she saw some that was absolutely breathtaking. And here was the flowers and the fields that were blowing and the grass. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Why? The darkness had faded away. And when brother Brandham went beyond that curtain of time and he was still there, the shadow, brother Dave, was still laying on the bed. Now remember whenever he was up there and looking back at himself and his body he was laying there like this with his hands behind his head and he was singing that song humming that song beyond the curtain of time and he looked back down there and he said he wasn't 20 feet from his body. &gt;&gt; 20 feet. Can you imagine tonight 20 ft from where any of you are sitting is the sixth dimension. So it's not like a rocket ship that we'll need to take, but it'll be like a movie I saw when I was a little bitty boy called The Twilight Zone. Some of y'all still living with them fears too. I see. &gt;&gt; I'll never forget that particular one that I saw and it was in a bedroom in a house. Anybody ever see that episode? And the mama or somebody went in there and they fell and threw the wall of the bedroom. And when they did, they was in another dimension. and they couldn't make anybody understand where they were and what happened to them. And you're going to think I'm crazy, but I'll tell you what, some of this stuff that Hollywood and science has broke into, if you'll look at it, some of it ain't that far off from the truth. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you why. Cuz a lot of their influence is demonic. &gt;&gt; And them demons have been there. Oh my. &gt;&gt; Let me shake you to your boots. Do you understand there are some fortune tellers and mediums and soothsayers that are genuine? &gt;&gt; Genuine. &gt;&gt; Ain't somebody you should see, but they are real. You know what gives them that reality? A demon &gt;&gt; has possessed them and opens beyond their human understanding. And they'll be able to tell you certain things. That's exactly right. Don't you understand what they are? It's blasphemy. &gt;&gt; They're impersonating a prophet of God. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Well, that's what Brother Bram said anyway. &gt;&gt; Now, watch this. If you are a Christian, this being a shadow, it only proves that there's a life where you can't die. Because this life has death in it, do we? &gt;&gt; How many y'all's getting older, fatter, uglier? &gt;&gt; Well, some of y'all really think you're something, don't you? Boy, you think you're pretty? Oh my. So, this life has got death in it. So, I'm still a shadow, but glory to God, I'm pressing toward the light. &gt;&gt; But it's a shadow because you're living, moving creature with abilities to see, think, move, and talk. And the five senses of the body, they let you know they're dying. And there's so much trouble. We all should be able to say amen to that. And it can only be it's a reflection, but it's not that which is perfect yet. Oh Lord, there's a life and death mixed together. Right in every one of us tonight that have the Holy Ghost is eternal life &gt;&gt; and mortality both in the same body. &gt;&gt; Death is working in our bodies. and eternal life which cannot die has called this body as his tabernacle. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. This is why you ain't getting the evening light away from me. This is the only thing that's going to break the shadow off of my life. &gt;&gt; I don't need more darkness. I need more light. Don't you see? This is why we need light. The light of the word of God. I don't need less light. I need more light. No wonder the prophet said when the bride sees who she is, the rapture will go. What will it be? It'll be such an ushering forth of the light that your body can't take it no more and the shadow breaks and it turns into total light sphere. Praise the Lord. And though you won't have no electric bills there, praise be to God. You'll be your own dynamo of light. Amen. In that city they had no need of the light. For the Lord God and the lamb are the light thereof. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Notice he goes on to say the physical has to die. But if you are reflecting by your mortal life the light of heaven. Then you're reflecting the eternal life God. Then when you die, you can do no more but to go to that light because that's what you've reflected. &gt;&gt; You can go nowhere else. I ain't scared of hell. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. There shouldn't be a Christian in your tonight scared of hell. There shouldn't be a member of the bride of Christ in your scared of the tribulation period. You ain't going through no tribulation period. You ain't going to hell. He went to hell for me so I wouldn't have to. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Then when you die, you can do no more than go to that life. Don't you see what's happens to our saints, our loved ones, our husbands, our wives, our daughters, our our children, whatever more. Can't you see what happens to them? The light is pulling them out of this shadow and they walk right out of the shadow into another dimension. Thank you, Lord Jesus. If you are of the dark world, you reflect that and you can do you can go no other way but to darkness. So where then will people go who are trying to put out the light of the hour? See, we are in a reflection. So, we see that. And sure as the Holy Spirit reflects light and life, so does death reflect darkness. Paul says it this one. Ephesians 5:8, "For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord. Walk as children of light. &gt;&gt; You were darkness, &gt;&gt; but you're not anymore. That darkness broke around your soul and your soul can never turn back into darkness again. Now remember Paul, Peter rather said there in Jude 1:4 that certain men had crept in. They were of the netherworld, the abyss, the darkness. Oh my. Verse 5 again, he tells us having saved them, people later destroyed them. And then he tells us of the angels. But let's go to Matthew 12:43. Now watch this this realm of demonology. When an unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeketh rest, and findeth none. The word rest is intermission, ceation of any motion, business or labor. Recreation. So demons look for recreation when they go out of their human house. And I want you to listen how these things are. The word denotes a temporary rest, a respite of soldiers. So Satan is a restless being since falling from the presence of God. How many ever millennia ago it was or billions of years ago because he lost his place of rest. He is a restless being. So those angels when they fell from God, what did they lose? Not only their habitation, their power to do this, that and the other, but they lost rest. Can't you see why they are restless? Can't you see why the people of this age are so restless? Can't you see, friend, in our own nation, look at all the things that's going on in America. Can't you see what's the matter with all these people? They're going nuts. &gt;&gt; They're going out of their minds. &gt;&gt; Look what's happening in our own nation. All these things that are going on and watch the little bit of it on YouTube if you're prone to do such and you'll see them. It's like they're going crazy. They're screaming. They're hollering. And the look that comes on their face. Don't you see what it is? It's the demons of darkness that's taking over their bodies. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord. So he's restless and his demons are restless. So his his view of walking and living in a human body is the only appeasement or rest as we would say that he gets. Now read with me in Job 1:6. Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan came also among them. Huh? You talking about brazen and bold walk right up to the throne of God when the sons of God Hallelujah. And Satan comes right up among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, "Whence comest thou?" Then Satan answered and said, "From going to and fro in the earth, from walking up and down in it." Look at his subjects. What do they do? To and fro. To and fro. Walking up and down looking for what? Something to satisfy. for a new spot to vacation, a new drug, a new drink, a new this, and then they'll take that, and that don't do it, and then what they do? They go somewhere else, and then that don't do, and then they go somewhere else. What they're doing, they're walking up and down, going to and fro. They're looking for something. They're looking for rest. They're mimicking their master. &gt;&gt; Lord, children, how grateful you ought to be tonight to have rest in your soul. How grateful you ought to be to have peace in the time of trouble that we don't have to go to this church and that church and this denomination, that denomination. Aren't you glad you have arrived? &gt;&gt; You've got peace that passes understanding. You've got something tonight that every demon out of hell does not have. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the Lord answered, "Satan, thou considering my servant Job, that there's none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that fears God and escestth evil." Now watch again in chapter 2, verse one. And again, there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord. Satan also came among them to present himself. Did you notice how different his attitude had changed from chapter one? Notice chapter 1. Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan came also among them. Now in chapter two, and again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themsel before the Lord and Satan came also among them to present himself. So he said, "That's what they're doing, huh? Okay, if they can do it, I can." So here I am, God. and watch God expose him. And the Lord said unto Satan, "From whence comest thou?" And Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro, his approach might have changed, but his destiny ain't." Same old devil, still looking, still searching up and down to fro here and there. Oh my. Oh, thank God. We have entered into his rest from going to and fro in the earth and from walking up and down in it. Now watch then back to Matthew 12:44. the spirit once he goes out. Now, I hope I don't lose you here, but these demons have seen people get under conviction enough to know when God is dealing with a human heart. And they know if they will walk out of that house on their own and let that man, woman, boy, or girl go ahead and go to church, get saved, as we say, put their name on a book, get religious, whatever. If they walk out on their own, they know 6 months later, a year, two or three, they still have a right to go back into their house. Lord have mercy, children. Don't you understand that's what's happened since the cross? Can you under imagine in your mind how a person would feel so much better when that demon which has controlled their life simply leaves their temper may come their lust you know whatever it is that they were doing they feel so different I can't believe it I went to that Baptist church I went to word of life church I I went to wherever boy now I I can't believe how much greater I feel I'm feeling so much better and they think they have the new person when all that happened was that demon started watching conviction and they said, "Uhoh, God's drawing this old boy. I better get out right now while the getting's good. Cuz if I leave on my own, I can come back at any time I want to. and I'll bring seven of my buddies with me. And notice what this spirit says in verse 44. Then he saith, I will return into Now you know God and the devil ain't going to share the same soul. from whence I came out. And when he has come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished. Empty, swept, and garnished. Look at what's happened to this house. Somebody's been in there sweeping a lot of stuff out. Man, that went to beer bottles, and I went to marijuana, and I went cigarettes, and that went x-rated movies, and all kinds of filth, and all that. Boy, I'm Look at that. Wow. Look how clean this house is. So it's not only swept, but it's garnished. Look at the meaning of this word. Adorn, to put in order, arrange, make ready, prepare, to ornament, adore, metaphorically, to embellish with honor. So the demon goes out, the person gets saved. Man, they must have got sanctified, too, because he had things put in order. The devil comes back and said, "I'm tired out here. I ain't had no place to rest. I need some recreation. I need to go on a vacation." Lord have mercy, children. Don't be the devil's beach house. &gt;&gt; Don't be the devil's cabin. &gt;&gt; Don't be the devil's getaway. So he finds it empty, swept and garnished. So when this demon left, this person's life was so drastically changed, which is exactly what this demon knew would happen. So he will deceive this person into thinking they've got the new birth. Because after all, the church they went to, they tell them all you have to do. You know, it's just accept Christ as your savior and you got eternal life and you're born again and you've got grace and you'll never fall from it again. You're once saved, you're always saved. And they're said, "I don't care about I don't want the world. Oh, I don't want to." And why? Because that force that was in there, that great power, he just simply left on his own accord. And that man says, "I ain't never had so much peace in my life. Oh, it's such joy. I don't want to run around my wife no more. I don't want to do this, that, and the other. That demon sent exactly what I wanted. Lord Jesus, just so you know, I'm not making this up. And we'll close. Investments. The prophet said, "Jesus said, when an unclean spirit is gone out of a man," did you notice he never said when he's cast out of a man, but when he goes out by his own will. So that demon by his own will goes out. And you figure when he goes out, he's going out for a reason. What greater deception could a person have than to be religiously deceived? A religious demon is seven times worse than any of the rest of them. When he goes out by his own will, when the unclean spirit goes out of a man, he returns back to this man and finds a house that he lived in has been swept and garnished. Then he goes and gets seven other devils, demons, unclean spirits, and enters into this man. And the last estate of this man is seven times worse than it was at the first. Did you notice the devil went out by his own will? And he returned by his own will. Now, if this house had already been occupied when he returned, he would not have been able to get in. And I say, glory to God to that. &gt;&gt; Don't you understand? Every one of you that's got the Holy Ghost tonight, don't sit there and shake in your boots and you think, "Lord God, I hope it don't happen to me." It can't happen to you if your soul is sealed with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Why? Because that devil, there's one thing when he comes back and he looks and sees it is swept and empty and garnished. But when he comes back to a soul that's been baptized with the Holy Ghost, not into the spirit realm, but into their soul and the token is on display and he goes to even getting close to that soul. He goes that sees that beam of light coming out of that being and said, "Lord have mercy. What nowhere else happened to this old boy? I mean, that man was all he was this and that and the other. I can't get back in. Let me try the door. The door is barred. Let me try the windows. I can't get in the windows. Let me try the attic. I can't get in the attic. Let me go down through the basement. He said, "Well, I'll tell you one thing. God must have beat me back." Yeah. Sort of like Romeo and Juliet. He come back by the baptism of the Holy Ghost and he knocked on your window and said, "Honey, let me in. Let me in." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the Lord Jesus is sealing his people all over this world tonight. I don't care what the devil does. He will never pull the elect of God out of the divine promise of God because we are not empty. We are full of goodness. We are full of love. We are full of mercy. We are full of him. Let me close with paragraph 60 from this same sermon. It's a very beautiful picture of a moralist as we would think today of a man that tries to think he's going to heaven just because he quit gambling. Or maybe he quit running with women that wasn't his wife or stopped his drinking on New Year's Day, turned over a new leaf and joined the church. You see, he doesn't he doesn't really convert it. He's just a moralist. The devil using moralists to go out and make a foolish representation. Do you understand? That's what happens has happened in our own ranks. Moralists have come. Some of them wound up being preachers moralist. Yeah, they were so great. And yeah, and Satan just takes and twists them around. As I said with preachers, how could a man that claims he really sees this end time message and stand up and preach it and ever walk away from it more than I can comprehend? I'm just glad I can't go that way. &gt;&gt; Anybody else? &gt;&gt; And the devil using moralist. Now you imagine not drunks and he does not somebody standing outside trying to sell our kids dope, but a moralist, a person that, oh, they're just so pure and so sanctified, this and that and the other. And the prophet said to make a foolish representation when really the real power of the living Christ isn't there. Can I read this last verse? Last 45. Verse 45. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now when Jesus comes back to this and he talks about this evil spirit going back in, then goeth he and take us with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself. And they enter in and dwell there and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Now I want you to watch now. Jesus don't leave it with just the individual. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation. So he was speaking to individuals but he was also speaking to that generation of people. Why? Because they were being washed and they were hearing the word and no doubt things was happening but Jesus is warning them if you don't go up on the day of Pentecost and get the Holy Ghost. Listen friends, is it any wonder that our age, our generation is worse than any that's ever been on the earth? &gt;&gt; God has done more in America than any other country on the face of the earth. &gt;&gt; Sending his prophet from this place. Is it the truth? Yes. &gt;&gt; So when that demon returned and found demons that was worse than himself, our religious one of course is seven times worse as far as deception. We don't know exactly what these were. You see what Jesus done? He opened us up a sphere into this religious realm that demons will actually leave people and let them go to the altar or raise their hands. How many wants to accept Christ as their personal savior tonight? And people Yes. Yes. Praise the Lord. And that demon left them right before they walked into the church. And from the very beginning of the special singing, they felt so different and they thought, "This is something. I've never been to a church like this." That don't mean it's got anything to do with this church. &gt;&gt; Oh, I've never heard a song leader like that. I've never heard SP I've never heard a preacher. Oh, it was so awesome. Not necessarily. But that demon just chose to walk out because he saw the spirit of God dealing with their heart. Don't stop on being swept. Don't stop on being garnished. Make sure you're full of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what will back him off. Then you're children of the evening light. You see, we share that title so easily. We think because people play tapes and because they have a common vernacular as we do in the message community, seven seals, seven trumpets, you know, William Brandham and Malachi 4 and Jeffersonville and, you know, all these cliches that we have with that's that's evening light material. Not really evening light material. Those that are seeds and they're born by the spirit of God. I I started looking at the same all through the scripture, pulled up every verse beginning with Genesis where light and darkness, light and darkness, light and darkness, light and darkness, light and darkness is found in the Bible. Of course, you know where the first one is. When God separated the light from the darkness. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the light he called day and the darkness he called night. Remember those seeds was laying there from some former civilization according to the third seal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So God was simply driving it back and dividing the day from the night. And God said, "All right, night, you stay over here, and day, you stay over here, and then you'll merge around, and you'll switch out, and it'll go from day to night, from night to day, day to night, night to day, and it'll follow this cycle." That's the way you are. You get born of the spirit of God. You're a mirror of this earth. Look outside. It's darkest pitch, but the sun will be up, Lord willing, again, in the morning. That's the way you are as a Christian. You've got that sun pulsating from your heart, your life, and you go through night times. How many goes through night times as a believer? &gt;&gt; You go through night times and your walk with God. It feels like God's a million miles away. Hold on, children. You're in a night time. There'll be another sunrise. &gt;&gt; There'll be another sunrise. It'll be that way in the shadow. But can you imagine when I walk out of it, my little darling daughter was passing during their sycamore shows. I called brother Daryl and told him, "Brother Daryl, she if God don't move, she won't be here long. Would you come over? Text some of my preacher friends." and she's getting closer and closer. Most of our family was there, pulled out my phone, went to Psalm 23, and started reading it to her. The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. Started praying with her. Wasn't too long after that, the angels of God come in the room and carried her out. She entered into the earth. And when she entered into the earth, her birth brought tears. Her mama cried. I cried. My parents cried. Her mama cried when she saw her. When she left, it brought more tears. But she hasn't shed one since because she walked into the full image of light. Or if she could speak back down here tonight and said, "Daddy, you've preached about it for years and I heard you talk about it." She loved to talk about the Lord. She loved talking about the word. I'd take her to get her chemo and I'd take her for this and that and the other. Lance told me not long after she left this world said, "Brother Donnie, you'll never know what those days meant to her to spend time with you talking about the word." If she could speak back to us tonight, she said, "Daddy, you done as good a job as you could preaching about it, but believe me, you don't have a clue. You don't have a clue. Me and Brother Jimmy has been shouting up here for the last I don't know how long. Brother Calvin Ward, I went down to the river when he crossed and all these different ones. She said, "Daddy, I don't know if I've been gone 10 minutes maybe." Oh, it seems like forever to us. I look at pictures of her and I feel like my heart is going to break. I just want to reach inside that picture, pull her out. But you see, it's my darkness. It's my darkness that's keeping me from seeing the light the way she sees it. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't you love the Lord? &gt;&gt; Let me share this with you. Brother Joel and Sister Reinie would like to thank the saints for praying to the Lord for touching Hannah. Hannah went to the ER last night and she was lethargic, fevered, swelling from fluid retention. They're 95% sure she had scarlet fever. The infectious disease doctor told them he hadn't seen a case in over 30 years. He's running tests to rule out the other 5% could have been other issues other than scarlet fever. We're asking for prayers that those tests come back with a good report. When she got to the ER, they determined she could possibly be in congestive heart failure. Many people started praying and when the test came back, her heart, kidney, and liver test are now normal. That's the God I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; We want to give God all the glory for Hannah's miraculous healing. Thank you all &gt;&gt; for praying. I'll tell you, when you get in that kind of spot, it's good knowing we got a heavenly father that's in another dimension. But it sure is awful nice to know you got one with skin on it, too. Amen. &gt;&gt; That you can text him and reach out to him. Oh, I think he deserves a praise offering from us tonight. Satan, &gt;&gt; thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Let's just bow our heads together. Sorry for going over a little bit tonight. I'm sorry. Lord God, how we thank you. Father, I love this word so much. Jesus, I feel sorry for those who got sick of it. I feel sorry for those who ate on it for years and years and never really found the substantial nourishment that was hidden there for them. I realize it's spiritual food in due season only to the elect. The others it makes them sick to their stomach. Lord God, we do not desire to be that parable that you unveiled. But Lord, we also know we're in this this realm of the stream of mortal time. We can feel the impact of these demons. We can feel it as they try to press against our minds, our bodies, our spirits. Lord, they know. I don't know how they know and what what signal it is, what what sign that it is, but there must be something so significant to them that they give up on trying to get the soul of one who's crossed the line. One who can never come back. So they focus on their body. They focus on their mind. They focus on their spirit which they still have access to. But we thank you tonight, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I know folks have got all kinds of hopes for 2026. Maybe it'll be the year of this and the year of that. Well, my greatest desire is it's the year of the rapture. The last one will come in, Lord, and we that are alive that we're here. Whatever's lacking in our walk, Father, that we'll get where we need to be. And Lord Jesus, we can call you and you will come and take us away. Oh, hallelujah. We worship you tonight, Father. Thank you for what you've done thus far for our sister Hannah. Lord, we are grateful, Lord. They're just telling me today as I talked to brother Joel early this morning and some different ones through the day about it. Lord, she picked up 12 pounds of fluid just in the last couple of days. And when they took her in, she looked like an old person that congestive heart failure. Oh, but our mighty God. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Our mighty God, you wanted to manifest yourself, didn't you? Thank you, Lord. Oh, God. We always want hearts and lives that you can be free to manifest yourself, Lord Jesus. We worship you tonight, Father. We bless your name, Lord God. May we live closer to these realms above us and pull as far away as we can from those realms beneath us. Lord, help us. I pray, Lord Jesus, to be more like you. How many is that your greatest desire tonight? Would you just raise your hand as a witness to God? Father, that's my greatest desire to be more like you, Lord. Pull me close to you, Jesus. Pull us close, oh Lord God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, this old cockleber will always be there and it'll always bother you. But one day you're going to be birthed. No more cocoa butter wheat, but total wheat again. Amen. Original seed brought back in a human body as a prophet tells us in Christ the mystery of God revealed eternal life in a human body. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Father. Lord, for those that are sick, others that we've prayed for tonight, may the angels of healing go by their homes tonight, Lord. &gt;&gt; May they visit in their culde-sacs or their little cabin on the hill or their mobile home, whatever, whatever it is. Lord, may the spirit of God bring healing and deliverance, some dealing with flu and some dealing with different things. But Lord God, as your saints in your presence tonight under the influence of the Holy Ghost, we call for healing and we command them demons of sickness to take their hands off of the people of God. Satan, you're a liar. You high blood pressure devil, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus. You, oh sad, depressed devil, take your hands off of God's bride. She's a happy bride. She's a redeemed bride. Hallelujah. Lord God, break every hold of every evil spirit in this place. Not only this building, but wherever they're streaming tonight. Father, in the name of Jesus, we pray. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thanks for Jesus. &gt;&gt; Let's worship him together. my Savior. Lord, there is none like you. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All of my days. &gt;&gt; If you need to go, I understand. But if you want to stay, let's just worship him together. &gt;&gt; The wonder of your mighty love. I come. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; You're not going to and fro and back and forth. &gt;&gt; You've got peace. &gt;&gt; You can lay down on your bed tonight and say, "If I don't awake, I've got peace with God. All that I am. Never cease to worship you." Oh, let's sing it now with all of our heart. Shout to the Lord. All the earth sing. Power and majesty. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the sea will roar. Everybody around with all your heart. Oh, hallelujah. of your Hallelujah. Let the praise of God sing joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love forever I'll stand. Nothing compared to the promise I have in you. Praise the Lord. Shout to the Lord on the earth. Let us sing. Let us sing the saints of God. Power and praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the sea will roar at the sound of your name. I sing I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I wor God. Forever I'll praise you Lord God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh thank you Jesus. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none, none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonder of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath, all that I am, never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the sea will roar at the sound of your name. I'll sing for joy and work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Oh, shout to the Lord all of the earth. Let us sing. Power and my majesty. Praise to the Lord. blessing. Mountains bow down and the sea will roar at the sound of your name. I'll sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have. Oh, nothing compares to the promise I have in you. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; The name of Jesus Christ my king. God bless you saints. I love you. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; See you Sunday. Lord, &gt;&gt; nothing compares to this. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You didn't want I will without &gt;&gt; no long. to Jesus you brought heaven now. My sin was greater. Your love was gater. What could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. You have no right, Lord. You have no equal now and forever. Our God reigns. Yours is the kingom. Yours is the glory. Yours is a name above all names. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against what a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. Death could not hold you and fell to before you. You silence the grave. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory. For you are raised to life again. Oh, what a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. name. It is the name of Jesus. What a beautiful name. It is the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I climbed the highest mountain, looked all around, couldn't find nobody. I went down in a deep, dark valley, looked all around. I still couldn't find nobody. Oh, I searched all over, couldn't find nobody. I looked high and low, still couldn't find nobody. Cuz there's nobody greater. Oh, nobody greater, nobody greater than you, Jesus. There's nobody greater, nobody greater, nobody greater than you. I searched all over, couldn't find nobody. I looked high and low, still couldn't find nobody. Cuz there's nobody greater. Nobody gater. Nobody greater than you. Jesus, there's no sickness greater, no valley greater, nobody greater than you, Jesus. There's nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than you. Oh, nobody can love me like you, Jesus. Nobody can hold on to me like you, Jesus. Nobody greater. Nobody can love me like you, Jesus. Nobody can hold me like you, Jesus. Nobody greater. I climbed the highest mountain, looked all around, couldn't find nobody. Praise. Hallelujah. I went down the deepest valley, looked all around, there still couldn't find nobody. Oh, I searched all over, couldn't find nobody. I looked high and low, still couldn't find nobody. Cuz there's nobody greater. Nobody greater, nobody greater than you, Jesus. There's nobody greater, nobody greater, nobody greater than you. searched all over. Couldn't find nobody. I looked high and low. Still couldn't find nobody. Cuz there's nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than you. There's nobody greater, nobody greater, nobody greater than you. There's nobody greater, nobody greater, nobody greater than you. Jesus. Thank you, Lord. So, I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. I could sing these songs as I often do. But every song must end and you never do. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelu hallelu. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. You've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. You've got a lion inside of those arms. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a honk singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me to lift up your song. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hand. Praise you again and again again. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
