################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - Godliness Pt.14 - 1182026 - Godliness.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-18
Title:    Godliness Pt.14 - 1/18/2026
Speaker:  Godliness
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 12m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFqq5lxHM5g
========================================

Description:
1/18/26
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
There we go. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Since I lay my burdens down. Yes. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down, well, it's glory, glory. Say it to him. Hallelu Since I lay my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down, let's stand and sing that to him. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. So much better since I laid my burdens down. Oh, I feel better. So much better. Since I laid &gt;&gt; Oh, since I laid &gt;&gt; my burden down your heart. &gt;&gt; Well, it's glory. Glory. It's hallelujah since I lay my burdens down. Well, glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down to you, my friends don't treat me like they used to. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Oh, friends don't treat me. Thank you, Lord, like they used. Thank you, Lord. Since I leave, &gt;&gt; aren't you glad you got somewhere to lay him over this morning? &gt;&gt; Well, it's a glory. Glory. It's hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Since I lay my burdens down, &gt;&gt; well, his glory, glory. Hallelujah. since I laid my burdens down. Oh, if you love him, give him a good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Ain't it good to be in the house of God on Sunday morning? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him this morning. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to be in the church with a godly bunch of people. Amen. And brother David, good to see you, buddy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Are you glad to be in church today? &gt;&gt; Are you glad the Lord woke you up and let you have a mind to come to the house of God? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. We want to welcome all of our visitors. If we have visitors today, we want to say we welcome you. trust this service will be a a blessing to you and you'll receive from it. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to welcome them to this service. Pray that this service would be a great blessing to those folks as well. Could we give those folks a good hand this morning? Praise the Lord. If you will just remain standing, we're going to look at our prayer request. Have a couple of announcements. This is from the Lynn Duggar family. We would like to say that we really appreciate all the prayers, food that was brought to the home, the nice meal that the ladies of the church prepared for the family and all of the visits. May God bless you. We love you, the Lind Duggar family. Well, we love that family as well. Right. Amen. Sister Janet Payne and family would like to sincerely thank each and everyone for their loving support during the passing of her son Benjamin Bryant Payne. the calls, texts, cards, food, and gifts, even several traveling so far to be a comfort. I thank God for the week that I had with my son before the Lord took him home. Don't ever give up praying for your loved ones. God is faithful and will answer in his time, in his own way. We believe that, don't we? Amen. Prayer request. Sister Barbara Grley under the weather this morning. Asking that we would remember her in prayer today. Sister Ruth Louise Jack's daughter Elizabeth is requesting prayer for a financial situation. Also, Sister Ruth Louise Jack's call to request prayer for the son of a friend by the name of Kim Miles is 18 years old and the only remaining child that's living. She is concerned about his health and well-being. Pray God will intervene according to his will. So, let's remember that prayer request this morning. And we have a prayer request. Please have prayer for a friend, Linda Abel. She has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of blood cancer. She needs a miracle. So, we want to remember that prayer request this morning. Pray for Lance Parker this this morning. He is very sick. Needs healing in his body today. Let's remember that. I would like to ask the church to continue to pray for my great grandson Kanan. He's three years old. that God will move in his situation and place him in where it's is his best interest and safety. So, thank you for that uh prayer request. They're asking that we would remember that that prayer this morning. All the unspoken prayer request, we want to remember our pastor this morning that the Lord just give him strength in his body as he ministers to us. We are so blessed to be under such a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful ministry. Do you believe that with all your heart? I certainly do. God has highly favored us and we're just laboring together and we're enjoying the journey as we travel. Right? God's good, isn't he? Somebody say, "God's good all the time." And all the time, God is good. Give him one more hand clap of praise this morning. Just say a little bit more of that. Glory, Lord. We're going to sing just a little bit more of that as we get ready to pray over these prayer requests. Just want to commit all your needs to the Lord this morning. Such a privilege to be in the house of God. We're going to have a wonderful time here today. This is the best place you're going to be all day long. Let's enjoy it. Okay. Somebody say, "I will." &gt;&gt; I will. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "I really will." &gt;&gt; I really will. &gt;&gt; All right. Praise the Lord. Well, it's glory. Glory. It's hallelujah since I lay them old burdens down. Well, his glory, glory, brother Skip if you'd come. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down one more time, well, it's glory, glory, hallelu since I sing it. Let's just all pray this morning. Dear Lord Jesus, what a what a dreary morning. It is a little cold outside, but what a wonderful place to be out of that cold. We love you, Father. We thank you for all you've done for us. We pray for that. Prayer requests are very serious, Lord. Many of them. And God, we have nowhere else to go. We're so thankful we can come to you. That's the only place we need to go. All the serious ones. Lord, we pray you'd help them. Be with them. The loved ones that's been lost. Lord, may we comfort their hearts. Father, may you be with our our pastor today, Lord. Lord, I heard he wasn't feeling very good, but God, I pray you'd just strengthen him and help him, Lord God, to give give us words of life we can live on for the rest of the week. In Jesus name, we love you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother Skip. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time, we receive the morning tithing offering. You give us unto the Lord. Once again, any visitor that we'd have, God bless you. So glad you're with us today. Let's sing an old song. Until then, we're going to keep right on keeping on. How many is that your desire this morning to just keep on keeping on? Praise the Lord. So until then, my heart will go on singing. Yes. Until then, with joy I'll carry on until the day. Mine eyes behold that city. Until the day God calls me home. Sing that chorus again. Yes. Until then, we'll go on singing. Yes. Until then with joy will carry on until the day. Mine eyes behold that city until the day God calls me home. My heart can sing when I pause to remember. Thank you Lord. A heartache here. Heartache is but a stepping. Oh yes it is. Amen. Along the trail that's winding always upward. This trouble world is not my final home. But until then, my heart will go on singing. And until then with joy we're going to carry on until the day. Mine eyes behold that great city until the day. God calls behold this weery world. Amen. And all its toll and struggle may take a toll of misery and stri. The soul of man is like a waiting falcon. When it's released, it's destined for the sky. And until then, my heart will go on singing. Yes. Until then with joy I'll carry on until the day my eyes behold that city until the day God calls me Oh, hallelujah. You can be seated this morning. Singers, if you'll come on to the platform this morning, let's do a little bit of that song, Brother Harry. Anybody here know about the love of Jesus? I believe we all could say we know about his love, don't you? Amen. Anybody here know about the love of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. Oh. Anybody here know about the love of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. Thank you, Lord. When I was searching, he sought me out. Aren't you glad that he did? &gt;&gt; Gave me answers. Took away my doubts when I was struggling to find my way. &gt;&gt; Oh, we heard a song. &gt;&gt; I heard the sweetest song sent to me from the throne. A song of love and grace. Anybody know about the grace of Jesus? The &gt;&gt; grace of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Lord, we all do. &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. &gt;&gt; Yes, we do. Anybody know about the grace of Jesus? &gt;&gt; I'm so glad I do. Yes, I do. &gt;&gt; He came and broke the chains of sin and death and hell. Aren't you glad that he did this morning that I could use his name to defend myself. His power is my constant source of help. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Oh, now anybody know about the power of Jesus? &gt;&gt; Lord, we do. &gt;&gt; Yes, we do. Anybody know about the power of Jesus? &gt;&gt; Lord, we do. Yes, we do. Give our singers a good hand this morning. when I'm Not filling my mist in my body's beating rest. I can wipe away my tears. I can change the atmosphere when I'm not feeling my best and my body's needing rest. I can wipe away my tears and I can change the atmosphere. When my heart is overwhelmed and I can't seem to calm myself. If I can just get my mind clear, I can change the atmosphere. When my heart is overwhelmed and I can't seem to calm myself if I can just get my mind clear. I can change the atmosphere. If you're tired of struggling and you need a song to sing, turn your sadness into cheer. You can change the atmosphere. Yes. If you're tired of struggling and you need a song to sing, turn your chess into cheer. You can change the atmosphere. We are more than conquerors. Jesus told us in his words that we can push away all fear and we can change the atmosphere. Yes, we are more than conquerors. Jesus told us in his word that we can push away all fears and we can change the atmosphere. In Christ we have authority. Our praises make the darkness flee. And he promised to be near. So let's change the atmosphere. In Christ we have authority. Our praises make the darkness flee. And he promised to be near. So let's change the atmosphere. Jesus promised to be near. So let's change the atmosphere. The timeless theme. Earth and heaven will pass away. It's not a dream. God will make all things new. that day. Gone is the curse from which I stumbled and fell. Evil is banished to everlasting hell. No more night. No more pain. No more tears. Never crying again. and praise uses to the great I am. Oh, we will live in the light of the risen lamb. You see all around all the nations bow down to sing. The only sound is the praises to Christ our king. Lordly the names from the book are read. I know the king. So there's no need, no need to dread. No more night. Oh, no more pain, no more tears, never crying again. And praisees to the great I am. For we will live in the light of the risen lamb. You see over there there's a mansion. Oh, it's prepared just for me. where I will live with my savior eternally. No more night. Well, there'll be no more pain. No more tears. Never crying again. And praise uses to the great I am. For we will live in the light of the r. Let's all stand this morning. Sing a little chorus just before pastor comes. So good to be in the house of God. You enjoy the specials this morning. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Let's sing an old an old song. We've sung a million times, but it's always going to be true. He looked beyond my thought and he saw my need. Brother Randy, he's the only one that could take care of it. Amen. I shall forever lift mine eyes to Calary. Oh, of view the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond all my fault and sorrow. Sing you one more time from your heart this morning. Oh, I shall for him. How marvelous the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond beyond all our thoughts and saw our need. Sing it together, shall we? I shall lift my eyes to come to Calvary. the cross to the cross for Jesus for you and me how you are Jesus. Thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; The grace that come by soul looked beyond our fraord. Thank God. Praise the Lord. We're so grateful he could do that for us. But I'll tell you, the more I read into his word, the more I look into the message of the hour, the more I realize how much more he wants us to be like him. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, it's not just him loving his enemies, but us loving ours. &gt;&gt; Well, you say he loved his enemies. Yeah, he loved you, didn't he? &gt;&gt; Every one of us was an enemy to God. &gt;&gt; We were born that way. Don't you see when he tells us to love our enemies, he's telling us to do what he's already done himself. &gt;&gt; You see how godly we are when we do that and how ungodly we are when we don't. &gt;&gt; No matter how long your hair is, sisters, you may dress just perfectly on the outside, but you see, until we achieve these things, friends, what are we doing? What are we accomplishing? We put our church clothes on and go to church and play tapes every now and then and sing religious songs. I don't want just that. &gt;&gt; I want to be like him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Isn't it wonderful to be able to be in church today? &gt;&gt; Let's turn to Matthew chapter 4 if you would. Matthew chapter 4 verse 43. Here we are up into almost the third week of January and we ain't had to cancel church because of snow and ice. &gt;&gt; I'm one happy pastor. &gt;&gt; I don't like winter time anyway, but I sure don't like it when we can't have church. Listen carefully now to the words of our Lord Jesus. You have heard that it has been said and let me just give you a heads up. Sometimes you have to be very careful on what you've heard has been said to make sure that it was God who said it. Ye have heard that it has been said, thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. Now part of this is scripture and part of it is addition from man's ideas. &gt;&gt; But by now they had merged it together and made it one saying. One was 100% truth and the other was error and they merged it together to be one saying. Ye have heard that it has been said, thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemies. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. Love your enemies. Bless them that curse you. Do good to them that hate you. And pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you. This is the reason why that you may be the children of your father which is in heaven. You mean it's that important to God? It is. For he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. How many lives to be remembered today in prayer? Also need prayer today. I've not been feeling well since Thursday. Just desire your prayers today. Lord Jesus, we count it such a great honor and a privilege to be able to be gathered together today. Thank you, Lord, that I was feeling better that I could come to church today. I love church. I love it when I can get in your presence and I love it when I can get with your children. We just love it, Father, because it's a little foretaste of what heaven will be like. So we pray today, Lord, that you would help us. You saw the hands that were uplifted, Father, and you know, every need, every request, dear Jesus, this prayer cloth that I have on my hand today for her, Sister Ruth Ward. We're praying for her, Lord, and just asking you to move for these needs in her body. I know, Lord, she's desirous just to go home, step out of this old house that she's held a prisoner in. But we believe our days are allotted by you. So we pray that you would help her and be with her, Father. Dear God, strengthen our sister. Father, I'm asking you today. I normally don't do it, but I'm asking you for myself that you'd help me. Give me strength, Lord Jesus. Help me to be able to get out of the way. Father, that you can speak through me your words to your children. They've come today with needs in their lives. Some of them have driven a long way. So, dear God, I don't want to waste their time. And I know if you will come, it won't be a waste of time. So help me that I can submit everything that I have. I'm not 100% today. And for that I apologize. And I pray that you would take whatever that I can submit to you, Lord, and use it for your honor and your glory in the name of the Lord Jesus. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. And everybody look at me. Don't get your eyes on me. Don't sit there and worry and how is he? Is he fixing to die? No, I ain't fixing to die. I ain't fixing to kick the bucket. I just don't feel good. But let's not focus on that. Let's focus on today's service &gt;&gt; and what God has for us. Let me draw your attention back to verse 43. You have heard that it has been said, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy." Now actually Leviticus 198 19:18 rather tells the children of Israel to love thy neighbor. But it does not tell them to hate their enemy. So where did this come from? Both scribes and Pharisees agreed that this should be something that would be added to the commandment of God. So by the time Jesus gets there, now it's been many hundreds of years since they've had this attitude. And by the time Jesus gets there, this is quoted as if though it was scripture itself. Do you can imagine then if you were a scribe or Pharisee and you were setting under their teaching believing them to be men of God and servants of God and you heard them quote this and they said love your neighbors and pray for them and be kind to them but don't you ever forget hate them Philistines hate them Amorites hate them Gentiles and you'd leave church that day was the attitude Dude, my priest, my Sadducee, my Pharisee head told me to hate our enemies and I'm going to hate them. So here's Peter, James, John, Bartholomew, Matthew, James the Less, James the Great. All of these men had a religious background, either Pharisee or Sadducee, and they have this instilled in them since children. Hate your enemies. People do something against you, don't you never forget it. And you get back at them if it's the last thing that you do. And here stands Peter, a Pharisee. Here stands John, a Pharisee, other brothers that are a scenes and Sadducees. And they hear Jesus say these words. Their world must have been turned upside down. Now notice what a treacherous thing this is when men leaders, religious leaders will take truth and merge their own ideas in with it and mix it together and hand it out to the people. And it may not happen initially, first time they say it, first week, first six months, maybe even the first year. But if they're not careful in time, the lines will become so blurred from what is really truth to that man's idea that it will merge together and be one and the same. And then what you've done is allowed God's word, the absolute to become mixed up with some man's ideal. Well, I think this is should be this way. I think that should be that way. And it starts out as an I think and then the time I believe and then it becomes church doctrine. Then it becomes so dominant that it takes years sometimes to get it out of people's lives and it's buried so deep in their subconscious that it can flare up even years after they've been washed away from it doctrally. Now watch. He said, "But I say unto you, love your enemies and bless them." Now, are are we supposed to love the conduct of our enemies? &gt;&gt; Are we supposed to love their behavior, their talk, the way they dress, the way they act? What do we love their souls? We love their souls and we pray that God can have mercy on them. And the church said, "So, we pray for them and actually seek their good." Now, let me just share something with you that a lot of the nations in the Old Testament would have never found a place in scripture had it not been for them being the enemy of the children of Israel. God would have never even named them whatsoever. But they found their place because they were opposition to the people of God. And I'll tell you, as I studied this yesterday, I had to laugh a little bit. And I thought, well, in reality, I guess there's some people that would have never made it into my prayers had it not been for the injury that they did to me. It ain't people that you just, you know, just randomly pick out and and pray for. But when they do injure you as a real son or daughter of God to be like God, we are taught to pray for them. Now, when I say that, I don't mean, Lord God, I pray you'd send lightning down out of heaven. May their kids all die. May their crops burn up. &gt;&gt; Oh, God, send your wrath and let me deliver it, Lord. That's not the kind of prayers that we're to pray for them. So to pray for them is ask God to be merciful. These are my terms that I tell him all the time. If they are savable, save them, Lord. And if they're not bride, at least let them be church. Let them at least be saved. Praise the Lord. You understand? It might be your prayer and your attitude to some mortal out here that God would save them because you simply asked him to. And God would be so moved by you being like him. He would answer your prayer. Remember, it was the very prayer of the righteous man Abraham interceding for Lot. We know what kind of guy he was. It was not Lot's prayer. It was not Lot's wife nor Lot's children that saved them. It was simply because an elect member of the body of God and had such imprint upon God's own divine nature that God saved a man like Lot, which was nothing but a penny. I'll tell you, it's quite an honor if a silver dollar is praying for you. Now, think, I wonder how many more that we should pray for. What if God would honor your prayer or my prayer and God would move on someone's heart and they themselves not even have the ability to be bride, not even have the capability to reach up where you ever would, but you in mercy and you in grace petition our heavenly father and God moves upon their heart. My should make us want to pray for folks more. Now I want you to think that love will give blessing back in return for cursing. &gt;&gt; Real divine love does not love after like. It does not love those who love it. Notice in 1 Corinthians chapter 4:12 that Paul says, "And labor, working with our own hands, being reviled, we bless. Being persecuted, we suffer it." So they were treated one way and did the exact opposite. I want you to notice that these men of God living in this age, they were not just identified by signs and wonders. They were they had that there. But that within itself is not what identifies us with the divine nature. As a matter of fact, I read it the other day where the prophet said that faith can come from a heart to do great supernatural miracles and not even come from a sincere heart. You imagine a person have great faith to be able to see God do mighty things and not even come from a genuine heart. Lord help us. Watch 1 Peter chapter 2 verse 20. And Peter said, "For what glory is it, if when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? But what if when you do well and suffer for it, you take it patiently? This is acceptable with God. For even where here unto were ye called, I hope everybody hears this today. You are called to be persecuted when you live right. You're called, oh yes, to be ridiculed, laughed at, made fun of when you live right. This is part of your calling. Praise the Lord. Notice now, oh, I I love this. Because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps. Now, here's some of his steps. Who did no sin, neither was G found in his mouth, who when he was reviled, reviled not again. When he suffered, he threatened not. Notice the polar opposites that he took. He was reviled against, but he didn't get back. Whatever they said against him, he went the exact opposite. When he suffered, he threatened not. Now, what is this? Is contrary to human nature. It's contrary to a great majority of the population of the earth on the today because there's something about it that's built up in the human makeup to defend oursel and especially when there's lies being told against us and people are accusing us of things and we're just as innocent as we can be. Then we want to take it into our own hands and say, "I'll get back with them. I'll go on Facebook. I'll do this, that, and the other. I'll straighten it out. You're fixing to make a mess out of it. It's what you're fixing to do. Now, I'll tell you what you're doing. You're taking it out of God's hands and putting it in your own hands and trying to settle it. I figure he knows a whole lot better how to settle issues than I do. I just wish some of y'all would learn this now. &gt;&gt; It'll make you a lot better Christian. Help you sleep a lot better at night time. Who knows, you might even make the rapture, too, which is always a plus. Who when he was reviled, reviled not again. When he suffered, he threatened not. Notice this, but committed committed himself to him that judgeth righteously. Now watch what he done. He so succumbed to the ideology of a servant into the role of the spirit of God. Remember Isaiah said, "Behold my servant." So this is what the humanity of the Lord Jesus was. The sunship was just simply the humanity of God. So in the form of humanity, the logos took on sunship and he had to strip himself of many of the great attributes of deity. So he had to learn how to commit himself which had never been done before. He never had to do that when he was forming the worlds. He never had to do that when he created the stars. But in the form of sunship, humanity, he had to submit himself. Why? For you. For me. He would give us the example. Children, I'm going to do it first. I'm going to do it. Then when I do it, you walk in my footsteps. I'm going to show you how to submit to him who judges righteously. So what do I submit, brother Donnie? my opinion, your attitude, your rights to fight back, your rights to get even, your right to walk up to somebody before church or after church. I'm going to give them a piece of my mind. Don't do that. Commit the situation to God. Come on, somebody say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Notice how the Lord Jesus now, he threatened not, but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously. And the word committed is to give into the hands of another. To give over into one's power or use. CAN YOU IMAGINE? NOW HE HAD THE POWER. HE COULD HAVE CALLED AND THEY SAID ONE WORD. The angels of God could have smoked him right there. But instead of using that power, he said, "Nope, I'm not going to do it. I'm I'm going to be an example for Donnie. I'm going to be an example for Jim, Fred, Betty, Susie, Janet. I'm going to be an example. I want to I want to write have this written about my life so they can see they won't have all this power the way I have access to it. But I want them to hear this preached over and over again. So by this word, I'll be able to conform them. Even though they'll be held captive in that flesh body, they'll every day become more and more and more like me. And they'll realize that when they can learn to commit theirel, it's not a sign of weakness. It's actually a sign of godliness &gt;&gt; and greatness. Now, how many of us relate to that in that way? Doesn't it look weak WHENEVER SOMEONE WOULD SAY SOMETHING AGAINST US? Doesn't it look weak for us not to defend oursel? Doesn't it look weak that if some people will think less of me? Who cares about that? As long as he thinks great about me, what do I care what other folks say? Now, can you imagine the greatness is actually being able to commit? but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously. I want you to notice that as we endeavor by the grace of God to become conformed more and more into the image of his son, the godliness attributes which will be minimized by the majority of Christendom. We realize that and they'll say, "Oh, it can never be attained to. It can never be had. Nobody ever wants it's not deep. It's not really that important. And they'll kind of put it in that type of a category. But the elect of God, they look at it totally different. Notice in Matthew 5:44, he says, "I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you." Now remember, he is advising his disciples to do what he himself has already been doing, but they're going to see more of a fulfillment of this when he goes to the cross. For there they will crucify him and they will not even ask for forgiveness. But he prays for their forgiveness anyway. &gt;&gt; Can we do that? Can we forgive people even when they don't ask for forgiveness? I don't mind telling you there's an element about all this I don't understand. If I do wrong, God won't let me get by with it. &gt;&gt; I got to apologize. I got to make it right. &gt;&gt; But there's other Christians, they can do this and that and the other and they'll go right on like it never happened. And I don't understand that. &gt;&gt; Anybody else don't understand that? I don't understand it. No, I don't. But you know what? I'm not waiting on them if they've trespassed against me for them to come and and do it. Because some people, it's just like they cannot do it. They just cannot admit that they're wrong. &gt;&gt; They just have a awful, awful time of admitting that they're wrong or that they've done wrong. So, I guess this is what worries me. If I think if I'm waiting on them for me to forgive them, it may never happen. &gt;&gt; So, I figure I better go ahead and do it. That way, I'll be clear cuz I don't want them holding me back. &gt;&gt; Anybody know what I'm talking about? So, why should I wait? Why should you wait? Well, I've had this sure in my heart. I'm waiting for him to come and ask me. I'm waiting for her to come and ask me. And did Jesus do that? &gt;&gt; Come on, admit it. It's our ways. And it gives us a little right to hold on to a grudge. Preach, brother Donnie. &gt;&gt; Oh my. NOW WATCH. SO THE LORD JESUS has actually done this and will continue to do so. And he gives us these examples that we might be able to walk in his footsteps. Notice in Romans Romans 5:10. For if when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his son, much more being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life. So if we cannot love our enemies, that means God cannot love us cuz we were his enemies. You see, when he tells us to do this, he's telling us, "Children, be like me. &gt;&gt; This is godliness. &gt;&gt; Love your enemies." &gt;&gt; Because I loved you. And you know what he did? I was born an enemy. I didn't realize it. Of course, most of you didn't. I I didn't know I was an enemy of of God. I didn't know I was an enemy of his kingdom. &gt;&gt; But he loved me so much as his enemy. He wanted me to be a part of his kingdom. So his love transformed me from being born an enemy to being reborn a friend. Praise be to God. SO THEN HE TELLS US, "NOW CHILDREN, WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO, I want you to act LIKE ME BECAUSE I LOVED you when you were my enemies and you're no longer my enemies because my love broke that and brought you into sunship, friendship with me. Now I want you to show the world and I'm going to let you be tried the way I was. not in the same measure, but it'll be certain aspects of my walk. And I will let you be tried in that way. And I'm going to let you be hated. I'm going to let you be persecuted. And sometimes it'll be people that you love so much. And they'll hurt you so deeply. And I'm going to let you go that way. So my love continue to be extended in the same way in human flesh, except this time it won't be my flesh, but it'll be yours. And some people will actually be turned from being your enemies to being your friends because you let me love them through you and I will destroy that hold of that hatred they have on them. Lord Jesus, Colossians 1 21. And ye that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hast he reconciled. Now look at what a degree of love this is. This love is a is a mark of maturity, proving that we're not just little bitty tiny children in the kingdom of God, but we're growing up. So, we're not, OH, WE'RE CHILDREN OF GOD. WE'RE CHILDREN of God. That's all well and good, but are we maturing or are we still little three-year-olds? &gt;&gt; Are we little teenagers? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Any of you that's had teenagers, God help you. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the way a lot of Christians are. Some of them two year olds, some of them's three year olds. You know, they go through that whatever age it is. You parents, you know, you had a had a name for every bit of it. What age they're in? Terrible twos. I've had plenty of those church members that were in their terrible twos for 58 years. And then they go up into the pre-teen and the adolescence. And then they become a teenager. Then all of a sudden they know everything there is to know about everything. Nobody can tell them anything different. Even Almighty God himself. Well, you know, we've got the same thing in church. We got spiritual teenagers and they know absolutely everything. I don't need the preacher to tell me nothing. Well, you're a spiritual teenager. But I believe that God is not coming. And the rapture is not going to be for a little 2-year-old infant bride to marry and be consummated with our Lord Jesus. He's going to marry and take unto himself and consummate this wedding with who? An adult woman. So, how are we going to be adult? Just because we know how many times brother Brandham said the word seven thunders. We're going to know how many times he said the word, you know, seven seals. It'll be by the manifestation of the person of Christ revealing himself in the full stature of every individual. Not just the pastor, not the deacons, not the trustees, but leoty as well. &gt;&gt; Oh my God help us. So it's a sign of the mark of maturity. And what is it? It's godlike. To love like this is godlike. Look in verse 44. But I say unto you again, love your enemies, bless them which curse you, and do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you. So the verb here, persecute, generally refers to religious persecution. So you know what that means? As a bride of Christ, we're going to suffer an element of religious persecution. Now, look, we're not going through the tribulation period. Thank God for that. But where does a lot of our persecution come from as far as following the message of the hour? A lot of it comes, of course, in form of people that sit among us. But others, it comes from uninformed people that don't really know what we believe and they think we're a cult, some kind of weird bunch of people cuz they never really ask us theirel. They take everybody else's word for it. So Jesus says that we're going to be persecuted. But notice, I love this in verse 45. That you may be the children of your father which is in heaven. For he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good. Now he said, "The reason I want you to be like this is because this will be one definite sign and evidence that you are my children because you can love like me." So if you're a white man, you'll have no problem loving a black man. &gt;&gt; And if you're a black man, you'll have no problem loving a white man. If you're an American, you'll have no problem loving a Chinese. &gt;&gt; You might not love all the stuff they make there, but you get mad at all that junk. You see, THE LORD JESUS DOES NOT LOVE A CERTAIN color of people and they say, "I I don't love this other color near as much." The true love of God in our hearts will love like he loves. Come on, somebody. Oh my. You see, you will be the children of your father. And the declaration is by the Lord Jesus himself that you may be the children of your father. So you see one of the great divine things that God wants to attribute to his people is that in this position of sunship and daughtership that our conformity to the divine nature is being reflected by divine behavior in our human life right now. Do you understand what a miracle that is? Some of you were born with a temper. You would fight THE DEVIL HIMSELF. SOME of you would slap the devil up the side of the head before you realized who he was. I mean, you would cuss. You would do this and that and the other. And the Lord got a hold to you and changed you and made you a different person. Praise the Lord. Some of you were this way and that way. And the devil himself probably looked at some of you and said, "They're even too hopeless for hell. I'm not sure I even want them down there. Is there another place we can send them?" And what DID GOD DO? GOD GOT A HOLD TO YOUR HEART AND changed your nature and then God started that slow process of taking out this and taking out that. Look friends, it's absolutely marvelous what the new birth can do. And it does not take 45 years for the new birth to consummate and change the nature that we're born in. That is an absolute miracle that happens in an instant. But you're just getting started then. Then you're on your journey. All my people just preach the cross, the cross, the cross. I love the cross, but the cross made a way for me to come into disciplehip. You've got to preach more than the cross if you're ever going to go in the rapture. Come on, somebody. And what do we believe? We believe in the blood of the Lord Jesus. We believe in the cross, but we believe the cross was simply that breach where the lamb of God gave his life that we might be able to come back into the presence of God and start molding and shaping and making us into his image. Thank God. Amen. &gt;&gt; ONE GREAT EVIDENCE THAT WE can know that we are partakers of the divine nature is when that cry within our soul is to be transformed into his great image. You see, WE CANNOT BECOME LIKE God in wisdom or in power. That was part of what got man in trouble in the Garden of Eden. Remember Satan's words? Uh did you do this? and you'll BE LIKE GOD. WHAT'S HE offering them? An element of godship, an element into the godhead, and trying to blind them from what they already had. Don't you see what man wants today? Man wants to be the god of his own life. Self-power, selfie this, selfie that. The devil was the first one to be hung up on selfies. &gt;&gt; I'll do this and I'll do that. Don't you get caught up in that trap of the devil. Amen. Somebody say amen with me. &gt;&gt; Now notice God wants us to crucify oursel and it was Satan playing this trick upon Eve. Eve bringing it to Adam. But in striving to be like him. We know we cannot be like him in divine mercy and all that that he is. But he wants us to be able to love the way he loved and do what no ordinary human could ever do. to be able to forgive beyond our own human capability. You see the word perfect whenever Jesus talks about it and he mentions that we might be perfect before God. The word perfect does not mean sinless perfect but it suggests completeness and maturity and nothing lacking. In other words, we've grown up into that spot. Notice in verse 46, he says, "If you love them which love you, what reward have you? Do not even the publicans the same? And if you salute your brethren, now that ain't a military salute, but look at the meaning of the word. It means greet or embrace, bid welcome, or wish well to." So, is there anybody sitting in the church today that if you met them oneon-one outside the door there that you couldn't bid them welcome? &gt;&gt; Or would you turn your head and walk away? &gt;&gt; You're acting like a sinner &gt;&gt; and a publican. &gt;&gt; Don't get mad at me. These are the words of Jesus. I'm just the mailman. &gt;&gt; That's right. Now, notice what he said. If you salute your brethren only, what do you more than others? Do not even the publicans do so. SO IF WE LET SOMETHING GET IN OUR HEART against our brothers and sisters or family members or friends or whatever it is, and because I ain't having nothing to do with that, I won't speak to them. I'll tell you one thing, shame on us. And we claim we're full of the Holy Ghost and ready for the rapture. Oh my goodness. Notice in verse 48, be ye therefore &gt;&gt; perfect even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. AND NOW WHERE DOES ALL THIS COME FROM that Jesus talks about raising the dead, casting out devils, healing the sick, laying hands on the lepers. No, no, he he's not saying perfect comes by those signs. And we believe in those signs. But he says, "What will make you complete is when you love the way I love." &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. AND GOD'S LOVE IS complete in that the Bible says, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him. Whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world." The world cosmos world order, not bride, world. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. Do you understand? He reached beyond the lamb's book of life and let mercy spill over into the book of life and said to many, many millions and billions of you OF YOU PEOPLE, YOU'RE not even of my genos, MY KIND. YOU'RE NOT MY ELECT. But I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll let you be saved. &gt;&gt; I'LL LET YOU HAVE ETERNAL LIFE. &gt;&gt; If you want it, &gt;&gt; all you have to do is accept my perpetuation. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And we become so full of sectarianism. Anybody know what that word means? Sectarianism. Brother Rand mentions it through the message. Then of course the message was in its infancy and the sectarianism had not grown to the stage it is now. But it's simply a compound word that takes the word sect which you know what a sect would be and then it becomes either an ideology or theology or a group or it can be a group of churches and they're so set in their own little ideology that they cut off fellowship from other people. Sectarianism and our message is full of it. Come on somebody say amen. And if we're not careful, sectarianism will be inside of our own church. So we got this little sect and that little sect and well they don't, you know, we're on the Baptist side of the church. So we don't say amen very much. And then this is the Methodist side here. And then this over here is kind of the Pentecostal side. And that over is we're still trying to define if they're unitarian or Lutheran. We're trying to define what everybody are. Well, we believe in this and we believe in that. And then we become so divisive among ourselves that we can't even love one another. Are are are we going to be divided that way when we go into the paradise of God, friends? THAT'S NOT COMPLETE LOVE. OH, BROTHER DONNIE, HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH IT? HOW WE KNOW YOU GO OUT AND PREACH FOR PREACHERS you don't agree with. I sure do. I go out and preach for many I do not agree with, but I love them. And I don't figure being mean to anybody is going to help me or them. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Oh my. YOU SEE, THE DESIRE FOR THE CHILD OF God should be to so thrive and hunger and thirst to be in God's mature love. And at the same time, now remember what Jesus said when we was looking at this a week or so ago about for us to be as wise as serpents and as harmless as doves. Let me pick this up again. That he wants us to be harmless. Now, he likened us to a dove. Read with me in Leviticus 12:6. AND THE DOVE WAS SO pure in the eyes of God that he would accept it as a sin offering. Think of it that the dove, not the eagle. Now, we all admire the eagle and we love the eagle. Yes, the eagle has a great place in our message, but it's not the only bird that does. The dove has a great place as well. Now, I want you to notice a scavenger or a mighty eagle, no species of the eagles, out of all of them, could be accepted as a sin offering. And when the days of her purifying are fulfilled for a son or for a daughter, then shall she shall bring a lamb of the first year for a burnt offering, and a young pigeon or a turtle dove for a sin offering unto the door to the tabernacle of the congregation under the priest. Now notice again in Hebrews chapter 7 26. For such a high priest became us who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, made higher than the heavens. So harmless is not injuring to anyone. Now he did no one wrong to their name or to their person or to their property. I say harmless. So if it would be in your power, your ability to tell something on someone and it could be true and it would render you the power to mark their character and you say, "I'm simply telling the truth." &gt;&gt; What would you do with that truth? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Y'all must have left your ameners at home today. &gt;&gt; Well, if you brought your Omir, I I'll take that for a while if you want to say oh me. YOU SEE, GOD GOD knew God knew this would be impossible &gt;&gt; for human beings to do. &gt;&gt; This is why he asked preachers to preach it so high. AND YOU SAY, "LORD HAVE MERCY. I CAN NEVER DO IT." Praise the Lord. That means my preaching worked this morning. That's where I want you to be. I want every one of you when you walk OUT OF HERE TO REALIZE THIS IS TOTALLY IMPOSSIBLE for me. &gt;&gt; That way it'll get your eyes off of yourself &gt;&gt; and it'll turn your eyes where they need to be on the Lord Jesus. Notice in Philippians 2 that Paul goes on to say that you may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God without rebuke in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation among whom you shine as lights in the world. NOW, WILL WE HURT ONE ANOTHER? I hate to say it, but we will. &gt;&gt; We will. But the difference between someone who really is a son or daughter of God and wants to walk in this image of the Lord Jesus is when they realize they've hurt someone, they will make it right. Look at Stephen. Acts 7. He kneel down and cried with a loud voice,"Lord, lay not this sin to their charge." And when he had said this, he fell asleep. What last words of glory to say from a redeemed human being. &gt;&gt; You imagine the very nature. You see what this was doing, church? This was showing Peter, James, John, this man here, the life, THE DIVINE nature had come back on the day of Pentecost. And now that divine nature was coming out of the deacon's mouth. Remember this was a deacon. THEY HAD FALSELY CHARGED HIM. THEY FALSELY accused him. AND THEY DONE ALL THESE HORRIBLE THINGS. AND THE LAST words to come out of his MOUTH WAS NOT, "HOW DAMN YOU TO HELL. &gt;&gt; GOD HAVE MERCY ON YOUR SOUL. I PRAY YOU'LL BURN IN HELL." &gt;&gt; NO. NO. I don't understand. I I I don't I don't understand how some people when you do something against them or you offend them somehow and they're sitting around waiting for bad things to happen to you and they keep up with you just so they can keep a record of, you know, God's getting you back and punishing you for this and punishing you for that. I don't I don't understand. &gt;&gt; There's something wrong with that heart, friends. I'll tell you that right now. &gt;&gt; Are are bad things going to happen to us? They sure are. &gt;&gt; Are they? How many have bad things to happen to you or your family, people that you love? Of course. Does that mean that God's getting back at you because you done this or that or the other? Lord have mercy. Can you imagine if God would let bad things happen to us because of all we've done to him? I wouldn't even exist today. And I'm gonna go ahead and say it for the rest of you. None of you would either. &gt;&gt; But what is it that you can see that people are missing something? I'm talking about people in our own ranks. &gt;&gt; THEY'RE MISSING SOMETHING THAT THEY'RE WAITING WITH ANTICIPATION FOR SOMETHING TO HAPPEN TO YOU, BROTHER J. D. SO THEY CAN SAY, "I KNEW IT. I KNEW IT. I KNEW GOD WOULD GET HIM. I can see him as he sets outside that cave five miles outside of Jerusalem. And he sees them one by one. They're being led captive. He sees his prophecy being fulfilled. The man's name is Jeremiah. He sees thousands of his brothers walking before him, bound. Some of them their eyes are gouged out. Some of them, the women, they have blood running down their legs because them soldiers had raped them. But I don't see a man sitting there. But I see chapter one of the book called Lamentations reflects a man who's weeping because his prophecy had to happen. Help us, Lord. You see this dove like meekness is the best jewel of ornamentation that we can have. This is what meekness does. Anger disfigures. Have you ever noticed people when they get really mad? I mean really mad. &gt;&gt; You ever notice how that it brings contorted, twisted expressions? on a human's face. Now, I know some of you is going to sit there and not move a muscle, you're going to act like that don't happen in your house. &gt;&gt; All right, you go ahead and act that way if you want to. How many knows what I'm talking about? &gt;&gt; When people get angry or sometime or another you've got angry, I mean, back 185 years ago, and of course, you don't do that anymore. HAVE YOU EVER NOTICED WHAT IT DOES TO YOU? It reflects on your face and that anger will contort and and twist and I read people. I do I mean I have to talk to thousands of people and have through the years. So I I watch people and a few times it saved me from getting my head hit, you know, by watching them uh in my office after church. And if they've got a habit and their little their upper lip will start quivering and it'll start pulling up or their eyes will start going back and forth back and forth. Certain things that it does. Now it's the emotion on the inside but they can't hide it from the outside. &gt;&gt; Well, if that has that kind of an expression, what about the gentleness of the love of God? Amen. &gt;&gt; You see, the dove is this emblem of purity and it just can't stand this this anger. And remember, brother Random used the the symbolism of whenever we would hear gossip or whenever we would become bitter that that dove would just fly out and fly away. &gt;&gt; And remember, your soul is not unsealed. You've not broken that seal and you've lost the Holy Ghost, but it's simply as Paul said in Ephesians 4:30, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed." See, he's writing to Holy Ghost fil people. Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God. How many's ever grieved the spirit of God? That's right. &gt;&gt; Several years ago at the old church, we'd had a a fall fest. We had service on Saturday night. And I was going to preach and whenever I came out, there was quite a crowd of people there, visitors. And so I just looked across the crowd. And I just I just said what I felt to my heart, what I you know, the way I felt about it. I said, "I hope our church never gets this big." And as soon as I said that, I knew I had offended him. I felt the awful thing strike me like I was the boss and what I had to say mattered. It was everything I could do to go ahead and preach because I knew he did not like what I said. And I've asked him, I couldn't tell you how many times, please forgive me. I'll never say that again. That ain't my place. It ain't for me to say. How many has had similar things happen to you as believers that you just grieve? So that mean I need to go up to the altar and get saved? I felt like it. &gt;&gt; I guess it'd been really odd if I just got up and say, "You know what, saints? I need to get saved tonight." The Lord probably some of y'all just passed out and said, "Lord have mercy. Our pastor ain't even saved." But when you grieve him, it breaks your heart because of what you feel it does. &gt;&gt; So what happened to me that night? It wasn't that I broke the seal, but I grieved him. and that gentleness and I had to labor and stand there and preach and he was faithful because of the people's sake cuz I felt like folding up my Bible and going back into the office and getting down on my knees and praying and asking him to forgive me. But you know what? I'm so glad that I have got something inside of me that when I do wrong, I can still be convicted. I'm so glad. Aren't you glad today that when you do wrong or say wrong or misbehave? IT DON'T MEAN YOU AIN'T GOT THE HOLY GHOST, IT MEANS YOU JUST GRIEVED him and you hurt his feelings and you offended him. Matthew 5:8, "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God." And remember this is the mount, his great sermon of the biatitudes. Blessed are the pure. Look with me at this word. Cather, clean physically purified by fire in a similitude like a vine cleansed by pruning and so fitted to bear fruit. Esthically free from corrupt desire, from sin and guilt, free from every ad mixture of what is false, sincere, genuine, blameless, innocent, unstained, with guilt of anything. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. First Timothy 1:5. Now the end of the commandment is charity, out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and faith unfeigned. 1 Timothy 5:22, "Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins. Keep thyself pure. And remember, after the Lord Jesus changes our nature, there is an element of sanctification that the spirit of God will not do. It's up to us to do. Modern day Christianity has no walls, has no boundaries, &gt;&gt; has no limitations. &gt;&gt; So everything to them is pure, I guess. Notice again 2 Timothy 2:22. Flee also youthful lust, but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart. 1 Peter 1:22, "Seeing that you have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the spirit unto unfeign love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently." Now, don't raise your hands, but I wonder how many of all these hundreds of people here today have a pure heart. Pure heart. Second Peter 3:1, the second epistle, beloved, I now write unto you AND BOAST WHICH I STIR UP YOUR pure minds by the way of remembrance. So a person can have a pure heart and then keep a pure mind. How in the world you going to do that? whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are holy, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are faithful, whatsoever things of a good report, think on these things, it helps purify your mind. Praise the Lord. First John 3:2, beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself even as he is pure. Now you see friends this is the part that modern day Christendom wants nothing to do with. They want Jesus to do it all. Jesus save them. Jesus cleanse them. Jesus make them ready for heaven. And they go ahead and just do whatever they are. And they'll just sing these songs all the time. Oh, I'm still just an old sinner saved by grace. So, I'm still sinner. I'm still running around. I'm still committing adultery, but I'm saved by grace now. Oh, okay. So, you was a sinner and done that. You was going to hell. Yeah, that's right. Then I got saved by grace and I'm still doing the same thing and now I'm going to heaven. That's crazy. &gt;&gt; I SAID, "THAT'S CRAZY. WHAT GOOD DID IT DO HIM TO COME AND DIE AND PAY THE PRICE IF HIS BLOOD AND HIS HOLY GHOST HAD NO MORE POWER TO IT THAN THAT? &gt;&gt; Oh my cleansing ourselves. Can I have a few more minutes? 2 Corinthians chapter 7 verse one. Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us &gt;&gt; what? &gt;&gt; Cleanse ourselves &gt;&gt; ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God. Look at the word cleanse, purge, purify in a moral sense to free from defilement of sin, from faults. To consecrate by cleansing or purifying. Oh, you mean, brother Ni, there's some things I got to do. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ain't that pitiful? &gt;&gt; You poor little overweight lesian Christian. Now, there's no way I'll be able to finish this this morning, but I'm going to go into it and then we'll stop. Let me share something with you now historically about a Jewish wedding. In ancient Jewish tradition, marriage was considered a deeply sacred covenant and various rituals were performed to prepare the bride and groom spiritually and physically for this important step. The ritual bath or mitvah was a central part of this preparation particularly for the bride. Here's an expanded explanation of the practice and its significance. The bride immersed herself in a mikvah, a specially constructed pool of natural flowing water. And she could not be cleansed in a sistern. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Like a broken sister. &gt;&gt; It had to be running water, particularly constructed for this purpose. from rain, springs or rivers. This immersion was not just about physical cleanliness but ritual purity. It was seen as a spiritual cleansing symbolizing the bride's readiness for a new chapter in life free from purities. The immersion typically occurred shortly before the wedding and water symbolized life, renewal, and a connection to the divine. By immersing fully in the water, the bride experienced a symbolic rebirth. Praise be to God. So the bride experienced a symbolic rebirth preparing her to embrace the sacred bond of marriage. The immersion was accomplished by specific blessings often said silently by the bride. These blessings expressed gratitude to God and invoked his presence in the new phase of life. So the bride goes into this pool which has been designed for this particular purpose. She goes in by herself and she immerses herself in this waters of baptism as we'll say. And then she comes up and she may do it multiple times. And as she's doing it in her own heart, she's praising, giving gratitude to God and blessing his name. What's this doing? This is preparing her for a new phase of her life. Now remember, she's already betrothed to this man. By law, she is already his, but he's not yet into her yet. and the last cup of wine has not yet been drank. Now watch the parallel in Ephesians 5 as Paul uses this same type. Husbands, love your wives even as Christ loved the church and gave himself FOR IT THAT HE MIGHT sanctify and cleanse it with the washing which is present tense. the washing of the water by the word which is not logos but rama rama. So Paul picks up that the bride in the New Testament must enter into this washing. And the word Rama means that which IS OR HAS BEEN UTTERED by a living voice. A thing spoken, a declaration of one's mind made in words. Go with me to things that are to be. A pest house is where they put all the diseased people. Well, that's what sin done unto us. Put us in an earthly pest house. They wouldn't let anyone else come in the pest house because there's all kinds of germs. germs flying around in there and the people will take these germs and be sick themselves and sin brought us into the devil's past house. Oh, but the other one is called my father's house. And remember he reads this when he preaches this things that are to be is where he reads from in St. John 14. I go and prepare a place for you and take you out of this pest house and deliver you into my father's house. Amen. THERE YOU ARE. TAKE YOU OUT OF THIS OLD EARTHLY PEST HOUSE. HE'S gone to prepare A PLACE, A PERFECT place where no evil exist, no sickness exist, no old age exist, no death exist. It's a perfect place calling you to that perfection and you have to be perfect to get there. The Bible said, "So Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your father in heaven is perfect." IT'S A PERFECT KINGDOM. So it must be a perfect people come because you have to stand and be married to a perfect son of God. And you must be a perfect bride. &gt;&gt; So how can you do it through anything else but the perfect word of God? which is the waters of separation that washes US FROM OUR SINS. AMEN. That's right. THE BLOOD OF JESUS CHRIST. THINK OF IT. THE DRIPPING BLOODY WORD. THE BLOOD, THE WORD OF GOD. BLEEDING blood to wash the bride in. So the word become a man and the man released three elements out of his body. Water, blood, spirit. So it was the word hanging on the tree that would release the washing of the water that be able to give the bride a rebirth. BUT DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND OUR CLEANSING happens one time when it comes to the soul, but then we've got that daily cleansing of our hands and our feet. &gt;&gt; Aren't you grateful to God for that? &gt;&gt; Can I have a few more minutes? Oh, praise the Lord Jesus. NOTICE BLEEDING BLOOD TO WASH THE BRIDE IN. AMEN. YES, SIR. SHE STANDS PERFECT, VIRGIN, UNADULTERATED. She never sinned in the first place. SHE WAS TRAPPED INTO IT. SEE, there's the father's house that he's gone to prepare. The night before this, he preaches the rapture. One day, there will come a blast from heaven, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. them Old Testament saints back yonder who are waiting will blast forth and come out first and go into the resurrection and we'll drop right in line going into the sky. These old mortal bodies changed and made like unto his own glorious body. What a parade that'll be when it starts heavenward some of these days and that rapturing time that LAYS AHEAD. ALL PROUDLY DISPLAYING THE BLOOD OF JESUS CHRIST UPON THEIR CHEST, &gt;&gt; the message of God in the hour that they lived in. &gt;&gt; That's the hour we're looking forward to. Brother, &gt;&gt; can't you see, children? As we come closer and closer, he wants us just to keep washing. I remember when I was a little boy, I was an odd little old boy. Always was. You say, "You're still odd. I know that." But I remember when I was a little boy, I couldn't stand to have my hands dirty. And that's crazy. We was a bunch of hillbillies, man. Harry was rednecks from top of our head down to the bottom of our feet. We'd get out and swing on grape vines and just, you know, do all kinds of crazy stuff. I was constantly washing my hands. I couldn't stand I'm still that way. I hate to say it, but I'm still that way. But oh, how much MORE DO I WANT MY MY WALK WITH GOD? HOW MUCH MORE I WANT MY MOTIVES, MY OBJECTIVES, MY ATTITUDES TO BE WASHED IN HIS PRESENCE. OH, brother D. I MEAN, YOU'RE NOT SAVED. NO, I'VE ALREADY HAD THAT INITIAL MIKVAH. &gt;&gt; I'VE ALREADY BEEN I'VE ACCEPT THE BETROAL. HALLELUJAH. I HAVE RECEIVED THE BAPTISM OF THE HOLY GHOST, BUT I KNOW IT AIN'T GOING TO BE LONG. I'M GOING TO SEE HIM. AND I DON'T WANT NO SPOTS ON MY GARMENTS. I DON'T WANT NO BLEMISHES. I DON'T WANT NO WRINKLES. &gt;&gt; AND HOW AM I GOING TO STAY CLEAN? &gt;&gt; Washing of the water by the word. Let me read this and I'll close. Paul goes on in verse 27 that he might present it to himself a glorious church not having spot or wrinkle. Where does wrinkles come from? Setting or laying. The bride ain't got no spiritual recliners. I ain't talking about in your house and I'm talking about in your walk with God. You ain't got time to sit down. You ain't got no time to to just relax. This is not the time to relax. It's a time of war. &gt;&gt; No spot, no wrinkle or any such thing. Verse 28. So ought men to love their own bodies, the wives as their own bodies. Let me read just another part of this and then we'll pick it up real money next time. The pre-marriage mikvah is a spiritual and uplifting preparation for the sanctity of the wedding day likened to the bride's own personal yam kapor the day she is reborn as a unit together with her husband approaching ing life a fresh slate. You imagine one day you'll hear the last sermon that you'll ever need and your hands and your feet will be washed for the last time. And either you leave the earth in your own personal embark or we will go together as bride and the great resurrection will set in. And those who have gone on before us will be released from the sixth dimension who've walked in the light of their day. And what have we done? We've had our own personal yam kapour, our day of full redemption. And that last cleansing will be consummated with a surge of the spirit of God that will come over our bodies and we will take our last dip. You go to your church service the last time you'll raise your hands and praise God as a mortal. for the last time. You'll sing for the last time as a mortal. Praise be to God. And then all of a sudden, you'll come up out of those cleansing waters. It oh my, who knows, the last service we have before the rapture might be a hide skin and type of service. And we all just be have to have help being packed out of the back door. And the Lord says they're ready to come home. They're ready to come home. I don't know what it'll be, but I know one thing. Shouting ain't what gets us ready a lot of the times. Preacher pat us on her head ain't what gets us ready. It's that hide skin and type of stuff that says you got to do this and you got to do that. Come on, somebody. Why? Because the real bride of JESUS CHRIST WANTS TO BE A PERFECT MATCH &gt;&gt; FOR HER HUSBAND. STAND. Praise be to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We worship you today, Father. Lord God, I want to give you praise and honor. Thank you for giving me strength today, Lord, to help me. I'm grateful, my father. I pray for what I'll lack, dear God, that you'd make up for it. Lord Jesus, may each of us realize what the rest of Christendom laughs at and makes fun of and oh, they preach this and they preach that. I can never go there. Don't do this. Don't do that. What they think is unnecessary is what we realize is the final building blocks for our walk with you. Oh Jesus. Even though that little lady has been betrothed to that young man, she's lived faithful. Most of the engagement was at least for a year to make sure she was not with seed of another man. Then everything starts going to the day of preparation. She doesn't even know when it will be, but he'll send the friend of the bridegroom with her wedding dress. Even then, she doesn't know exactly the day to put it on. But then that messenger will come with a message on a certain day and say, "Today is the day. Get ready. Get dressed." She may get dressed at 8:00 in the morning cuz she's under such anticipation. Noon passes, still not there. 1:00, she's getting more anxious. two, three, four. She's still more anxious. All he told her was get dressed and be ready. Praise God. And we know it was night time actually when he come because that's a parable you gave us in Matthew 25. Oh Lord Jesus, we know how it is. We're living in this dark, filthy, cruel, ungodly world. Everywhere we look around us is black and smut, nasty, filthy, ungodly things around us. We just brush up next to it, Lord. And it gets all over our white wedding garments. We have to go to church and hear the preaching of the word. And every God called man's got spot remover. Every God called man has got these blemish remover. And he's got his iron in there to iron out them wrinkles. Sometimes he uses it on her head and here and there, too, cuz we need it. But it's to have us ready. We want to be pressed spotless. We want to be ready, Jesus. Help us, Father. Thank you for being patient with us, Lord. Thank you for being longsuffering and enduring and waiting for the harvest of the earth. We're sorry that it's took us so long to come up to where we are. We ask for your forgiveness for our longevity, Lord, of how we've delayed it. Oh God, may you help us, Lord, that we'll have a desire greater than ever before. May we be like that little lady whenever she steps down into that mikvah. She may go up and down several times, who knows? Rehearsing the promises of God, remembering who she was before he met her, remembering what life she had and what new life she's fixing to do. May we look at it that way when we come to church. Say, "Well, praise God. Wonder what I'm going to hear today. Wonder what I'm going to hear Wednesday night that's going to help cleanse me and get me one service closer to being ready to meet the Lord Jesus." Lord, that's the way we want to look at it. The prophet said, 'We come to church to find out our faults and our shortcomings. One day, Lord, I'll dip for my last time. I'll be cleansed of whatever it is that hinders me. And when that last dip removes it and whether I go by the way of the grave or whether I I'm privileged to be able to live and be caught up with the rest of the living saints, I don't really care, Lord. just at your timeline. Whatever you want for me is what I want. What a day that will be. Jesus. Hallelujah. As our brother Dave sang it earlier, Lord, we're longing for that place. No more night. No more pain. No more suffering. No more babies born blind. No more cancer, no more disease, Jesus. Oh, Father, help us. We love you today, Lord God. We worship you with all of our hearts. We magnify your name, Lord. How many wants to be ready with all your heart? You just want him to take your life and mold you and shape you. You want to have an open heart to him today, friends, where he can always speak to you and you won't resent him. You won't resent his word. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, Jesus. I'm going to ask you, would you just take and lay your hand over on the brother, sister that's standing by you. Brother Joe, would you come and pray over the people? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Pray for Abby. She is sick. And also Leah and Shawn traveling to Alabama as orientation for a new job. So, Sister Bonnie, let's remember that. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so grateful for your word this morning, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, I I pray, Father, that you would let it embed itself in our hearts, and our souls, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes, Father. &gt;&gt; Lord, we take granted so many times, Father, that Lord, that we're a Christian, we're Christlike, Father, when we look at the definition of what it's like, Father. &gt;&gt; Lord, we seem to feel so short. &gt;&gt; Help us. &gt;&gt; But Lord, we want to give you praise and glory this morning, Father, for what you've made us, Lord. We thank you for for touching brother Donnie this morning for giving him Lord strength Lord Jesus to to bring forth the word Lord. Lord we want to worship you. We want to praise you Lord for what you've given us Lord. Lord as I was reading last night Father when when when John turned and looked and Father the the lamb had opened the book Lord that contained the seals and brother Benham said that was rapturing faith in those seals. The redemption plan Father was was brought out Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes sir. And the Bible says I pray father &gt;&gt; that the elders hearts our lives help us beast ourselves from anything &gt;&gt; Lord the angels that was around the throne father tens of thousands times tens of thousands &gt;&gt; thank you father &gt;&gt; Lord if they could rejoice &gt;&gt; for our redemption Lord &gt;&gt; yes father &gt;&gt; beings Lord that don't need redemption beings that didn't need rapturing faith Lord &gt;&gt; Jesus we bless you &gt;&gt; Lord they rejoice because our name was revealed Lord &gt;&gt; Father we love youordord We may our see ourselves as pure. May we see ourselves as you looked on that book and you saw our name. Father, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Lord, if we would fall short in any way. If we had a ought against anybody, Lord, Lord, may you take it out, Lord. I read what your prophet said. Lord, when you have that in your life, where you have a you're struggling against somebody, you become a stumbling block. When you pray, God don't even hear you. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Lord, we don't want nothing between us and you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, we want to look in the mirror of our word. the word Lord and we want to see Father that Lord that this we have no blemish we have no spot father &gt;&gt; Lord that's what you for ordained for us Lord touch every need here Lord touch brother Donnie give him strength Lord Lord you know the hearts of the people father meet their needs Lord as so much sickness is going around Father Lord I pray that you would touch it all give them health father Bonnie's request Lord &gt;&gt; we're believing you for it Father Lord God &gt;&gt; thank you Jesus &gt;&gt; thank you Lord Jesus &gt;&gt; thank you Lord Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Come sing your song again. You going to play it from the organ? Play from the piano. The timeless thing earth and heaven will pass away. It's not a dream. God will make all things new that day. Gone is the curse from which I stumbled and fell. Evil is banished to everlasting hell. No more night, no more pain, no more tears, never crying again. and praisees to the great I am. Oh, we will live in the land of the risen land. You see all around all the nations bow down to sing. The only sound is the praises to Christ our king. Lowly the names from the book are read. I know the king, so there's no need, no need to dread. Oh, no more night. No, no more pain. Oh, no. No more tears. Never crying again. And praisees to the great I am. For we will live in the light of the risen lamb. You see over there, there's a mansion prepared just for me where we will live with our Savior eternally. No more or not. Thank you, Lord. There'll be no no more pain. There'll be no more tears. Never crying or dying again. and praisees to the great I am. We're going to live. We're going to live. Yes, we're going to live in the light of the Ren Lamb. goodness of God. Goodness of God. Praise the Lord. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will see of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Let's sing it now. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that said I am able to sing of the goodness. Everybody now with all your heart. I love your voice. I love your voice. Lord, you've led me through the fire. God bless you, saints. I love you in the Lord. Close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after, running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after running after me. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Just sing it as you go. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so every breath that I am able to see of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. And all my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing. of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am, I will see of the goodness of God. All my life you have been Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
