################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - 2025-10-19 Bro Joshua Martin Elected Strangers - Joshua Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-19
Title:    2025-10-19 Bro Joshua Martin "Elected Strangers"
Speaker:  Joshua Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ppY8fwX21E
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] above him. There's no other Jesus. [Music] Jesus is the answer for this world. There's no other friend. If you got some questions in the corner of your mind, those places of discouragement and peace you cannot find. Legends of your past seem to face you every day. There's one thing I do know. It's Jesus is the way. Jesus is the answer for the world. Above him there's no other. My Jesus is the way. Yes, Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other Jesus. I know you think you cannot climb. I know those skies look dark and you think the sun won't shine, but in case you didn't know, every word of God is true and everything Jesus promised us. I know. &gt;&gt; Would you stand and sing it? Oh Jesus is the answer for the world to take. Of him there's no other. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the answer for the world today. Of him there's no other. Jesus is the way. Well, if you've got some questions in the corners of your mind and you've got places of discouragement and peace you cannot find and your reflections of your past seems to face you every day. But there's one thing I do know. Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer for the world today. Of him there's no other. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other. Jesus is the way I know. Above him there's no other. Jesus is the way. [Music] If you know him as the way, give him a praise this morning. Have you come to worship the one who made the way that is the way? He said he was the way. I am the way. I am the truth. I am the life. No man cometh to the father but by me. And all the father hath given me will come to me and I'll not lose a one. &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe it this morning that he's been my way, my truth, my life. Amen. He is the way. And I'm so thankful for this morning. Amen. If you need a way and a truth and a life this morning, I pray you came for something this morning that you just uh didn't come out of duty or just uh for whatever reasons. Amen. I've heard businessmen come to church just so they look good to the community and get more business because they're a churchgoer. But that's up to them. and between them and God. But I come to to find more truth and more life and more of the way. The way that I walk in the footsteps of the righteous are ordered the Lord. Amen. I want to be right with him this morning. How many wants to be right in your soul? Amen. May things going on in your body and in your mind like we just sung this morning, but you can be made right in your soul. That's where he wants He wants to dwell. He wants that to be his way. Amen. For to him to be in you. Amen. The hope of glory this morning as we go to prayer this morning. Amen. And asked uh Amen. Uh brother Donald if you would come and lead us our hearts and minds in in prayer this morning. We do have a uh just one written request here this morning. Amen. From the fancy handwriting of Sister Angie McDougall. Amen. So, uh, uh, she's got requests for, uh, Sister Lona, uh, having eye surgery Tuesday. Amen. You just had one, didn't you? Her. So, we got another one. Amen. So, let's, uh, remember Sister Lona this morning. also for brother Mitch and sister Titha I traveling or they're in Seattle, Washington uh visiting uh his dad and uh who's uh uh up in there in age and and I believe probably in his 80s and not doing well. So let's remember them and him and als uh which they call him Grandpa Rob. So let's remember him this morning. That's the only written request we have here this morning. Amen. If you want if you got an unspoken need and you want Jesus to make a way this morning, I want you to just lift your hands to him as we go to prayer. Brother Donald [Music] heavenly father Lord we come to you in the name of Jesus Christ and &gt;&gt; we just ask you to meet every need today in the service and ask you to bless the speaker today God anoint him give him the words to speak father God we come to you for these needs Father and knowing that every need is important. Father, Sister Alona and the eye surgery Tuesday and Grandpa Bob and uh brother Mitch and his wife and uh all these needs, Father, we ask you to meet these needs and I ask you to move for every need, Father. And God, and we ask you to give us grace to do the things that we need to do. And God, and we ask for your help in every area of our lives, Father, &gt;&gt; for your prophet said, "We're a needy people, Lord." And God, I'm asking you to bless my wife and help her tomorrow and her appointment. And God, we just ask you to move, Father, for so many needs. I could stay up here and pray a long time just for the ones that I know about. I ask you to bless our visitors today, Lord, and minister to them. Let them know that you are real and that you are alive and show yourself alive by many invaluable proofs, Lord. And God, this minister, Father, we ask you to bless our pastor and his family, the deacon and his family and the trustees. God, we appreciate them and we appreciate the elders, brother, brother Duran and brother Torres, different ones. Father, we thank you for them. We thank you for our sisters and those that have been in the serving you for a long time, Father. And God, we ask you to bless them. Lord, we ask you to just bless each and everyone. Meet their needs, whatever it may be that they need, work or financial needs, spiritual needs most of all. And ask you to lay your healing hand on me upon each and every one, God. And we just thank you today, Father. We ask you to bless this service exceedingly abundantly above all that we can ask or think. Father. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Minister to the needs we ask in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can you say amen, church? Amen. Such a good privilege to be here this morning. Amen. Want to say uh welcome to uh our visitors, Sister Denise's uh Denise's niece, that's a tongue twister. Uh Amber, glad to have you here this morning. Amen. And uh she's got her 17-year-old son, Theo. How you doing, Theo? Good to have you, buddy. Amen. She's not a visitor, but it's good to see Sister Thelma this morning, Sister Thelma, raise your hand. Okay. Amen. Who you got with you beside beside you there? Do we know this young lady? &gt;&gt; Huh? Dean and &gt;&gt; Okay. Dean and Pam, good to see y'all again. God bless you. Amen. Good to see the the sister Betty's family and uh probably some of your family too, brother Jimmy. Amen. I know I've seen this young man here before. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; Owen. Owen. &gt;&gt; Marlor. &gt;&gt; Marlor. Good to have you, buddy. Amen. Who we got right here? Tuna is a brother, a sister. &gt;&gt; Okay. Whose sister? &gt;&gt; This is your sister. &gt;&gt; Good to have you, young lady. Amen. Pray. What's your name? &gt;&gt; Tina. &gt;&gt; Tina. Okay. My hearing is going bad when y'all clap. I can't hear her. That's all right. Keep clapping. Amen. Who we got over here? Brother Joe. &gt;&gt; Phil. Good to have you, buddy. I think you've been here before. No. First time. Well, it's the first time for everything. Amen. So, I pray that you get what you have need of this morning. Glad to have you. Amen. Thank you for bringing in, Brother Joe. Well, as you turn around and shake hands with one another, let's sing this old song in F. Amen. There's a river of life. Well, there's a river of life flowing out from me. door sets the blind to see. Opens prison doors sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. spring up over well and give to me that life abundantly. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. opens prison doors, sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. spring up a well and give to me that life abundantly. I said there's a river of life flowing out from me. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Opens prison doors. sets every captive free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up a well and give to me that life abundantly. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Opens prison doors. Sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up, oh well, and make me whole. Spring up, oh well, and give to me that life abundantly. at life abundantly. [Music] Messiah is the King of Kings. Messiah is the Lord of Lords. Our Messiah is the King of Kings. Our Messiah is the Lord of Lords. He is the king of kings and the lord of lords. Our messiah is the king of kings. Oh messiah, he has a name above all names. Oh Jesus is the king of kings. Oh Jesus. Oh, can I tell you about him? Oh Jesus is the King of Kings. Oh Jesus is the Lord of Lords. He is the King of Kings and the Lord of all lords. Oh Jesus is the King of Kings. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus is the King of Kings. Oh Jesus is the Lord of Lords. Oh Jesus is the King of Kings. Oh, as they come for the offering. Oh, he is the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Oh Jesus is the King of Kings. Oh Jesus is the Lord of Lords. Can somebody praise him this morning? Amen. Lord, you are the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. You're not only that, you're my King and my Lord. I praise you this morning. Amen. I lift you up. Amen. worship him as we bow our heads for the offering. Amen. Brother Harry, would you ask the blessingless? &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we just come into your presence again this morning, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for allowing us to gather here, Lord. And Lord, we just lift before you these tithes and offerings, Lord. We pray that you would bless those that are able to give and those that aren't, Lord. And Lord, may we just use this offering, Lord, for for the furtherance of your kingdom, Lord. I pray that you would just be in the remainder of the service, Lord. Be in our worship, Lord. Be in the message that's that's preached, Lord, and just may everything that's said and done be be glorifying and uplifting to you, Lord. We just commit this into your hands, the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thou art a shield for me. [Music] Oh, how are they increase that trouble me? [Music] Many are they that rise up against me. Many there be say of my soul. There is no help for him and God. But thou, oh, Lord, are shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. Oh, but thou, oh Lord, are shield for me. You're my glory. Oh, it's in the Bible. Psalms 3. And I cried unto the Lord with my voice. And he heard me out of his holy hill. Then I laid me down and slept and I awakened [Music] for the precious Holy Ghost sustain me. But thou, how many needs a shield this morning and to lift up your head? the glory and the lifter of my head. [Music] Oh, but thou, oh Lord, are shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. And I will not be afraid of 10 thousands of demons that have set themselves against me. Oh, 200,000 thousand. I will not be afraid of 10 thousands of demons that have set themselves against me round above. [Music] Oh, but thou, oh Lord, are shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. But thou, oh Lord, are shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. Sing it again. But thou, oh Lord, are shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. One more time. But thou, oh, Lord, our shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. [Applause] Oh my, you're my glory and the lifter, my shield, my strength, my song, my hiding place. Amen. I'm so glad. Amen. He's a mighty fortress in the time of trouble. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Well, I'm anchored in Jesus this morning. How about you? Amen. I'm anchored in Jesus. Amen. That's a song on my heart this morning. So, Amen. Let's sing that old song in G. I believe Sister Mary. Amen. I'm anchored in Jesus. Amen. Amen. I've got it right here somewhere if I need the words. Amen. There we go. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no winter way. I've anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I anchored to the rock of aes up on life's boundless ocean where mighty billows roll. I fix my hope in Jesus. Bless anchor of my soul. When trials fierce, assail me as storms are gathering more. I rest upon his mercy and trust him more. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life are brave. I've anchored in Jesus. How proud about it, brother Torrance? Well, I anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I've anchored to the rock of aes. He keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice has still the water and bed their tumble cease. My pilot and deliverer to him I all can find. For always when I need him, he's here inside me. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. Oh, my feet are getting happy this morning. Oh, I fear no window away. I anchored in Jesus for he had power to say I anchored. Oh, I hope we got another verse. Rightous. He is my friend and savior. In him my anchors cast. He drives away my sorrows. How about it, brother Steve? Oh, by faith I'm looking upward beyond life's troubled sea. There I behold a haven prepared for me. Well, I anchored in Jesus. The storms of life are brave. I anchored in Jesus. I fear no winter wave. I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to say. Oh, sing that chorus again as our pastor gets ready to sing a song this morning. Well, I've anchored in Jesus. How about it, Brother Joe? I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no winter wave. I anchored in Jesus for he had power to say I anchored to the rock of one more time have you anchored in Jesus the storms of life you'll break if you've anchored in Jesus you'll bear no wind wave if you've anchored in Jesus you Oh, he has the power to save me. I've anchored to the rock of aes. I said I'm anchored to this rock ofes. Give him a hand clap of praise. A really good one. Amen. He's our anchor. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. Amen. It's good to have our pastor singing a song this morning. I may appreciate Brother Wendle this morning. Amen. God bless you. He said he's feeling better. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, God bless you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Isn't he just wonderful? &gt;&gt; This is a a slower song. Um Lord, you brought me through sorrow and pain. &gt;&gt; You were there. Could you turn my guitar up a little bit? Every time that I fall, he reached down and lifted me from sorrow and shame. But tonight, Lord, just let me fall. [Music] Let me fall in love with you all over again. Let me know you as never before. Let me hear your tender voice. say to me, "Won't you willingly [Music] hope the door [Music] I've walked through the winter, faced death's coldest steam, &gt;&gt; then the springtime time brought strength to stand tall. [Music] But it's been too long the summer without any rain. So what's left Lord but to have a great fall. Let me fall in love with you all over again. Let me know you as never before. Lord, [Music] let me hear your tender voice, sir to me. Won't you willingly open the door? Let's sing that second verse again. I've walked through the winter, faced death cold, then the springtime brought strength to stand tall. But it's been too long a summer without any rain. So what's left, Lord, but to have a great fall? [Music] Let me fall in love with you all over again. Let me know you as never before. Let me hear your tender voice say me. Won't you willingly open the door today? I will leanly open the door. Someone needs to say that today. Oh Lord, I will open the door. &gt;&gt; Oh, can you praise him this morning? How many's glad there's an open door &gt;&gt; that no man can shut? &gt;&gt; And if God shuts the door, and he will one day, no man can open it. [Music] As we stand together, we have an opportunity to open the door because said I knock at the door. If any man here and listen and open the door, I'll come in to him and sub with him and I so to know him. Amen. Like like the brother just sung. Amen. And how many wants to know him? &gt;&gt; Like Paul said, I believe in the power of his resurrection. Amen. Well, today he's our lawyer pleading our case. Don't wait till he becomes the judge. I want to know him today. Amen. as we get ready to turn it to our pastor. Just one other song on my heart this morning. Amen. If you'll help me sing it in G. Amen. The haven of rest. Oh, I've anored [Music] my soul in the haven of rest. Oh, I'll set the white seas no more. [Music] The tempest may sweep or the wild deep, but in Jesus I'm safe. I want to sing that second verse this morning. I yielded myself. Well, I yielded myself to his tender embrace and faith, taking hold of the word. Well, my feathers they fell off when I anored my soul. For the haven of rest is my Lord. Oh my [Applause] go [Music] [Applause] [Music] the tempest may sweet on The wild storm. Oh, in Jesus [Music] th Oh, can we just sing it again? Aren't you glad for that? I have anored my soul in the haven. I'm so thankful for Jesus. I'm so thankful. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. Oh, though the tempest may sweep all the stormy be. yet in Jesus [Music] save ever more. Hallelujah. There's such a sweetness of his rest. And friends, while the presence of the Lord is here this morning, you don't have to wait for an altar call. It's just the surrender of heart that says, "Lord, I'm going to give it all to you right now." The magic is not a preacher's hand laid on you. The magic is not a certain place where you kneel down. The magic is the surrender of heart that says, "I need you, Lord." And that can happen. That can happen right there where you are. Miracles can take place right there in those pews where you sat this morning. There is nothing impossible with God. Amen. And while his presence is here, we've got a special treat for you. Brother Josh Martin is going to be ministering this morning. I believe he's anointed of the Holy Spirit for the for for this morning. Amen. And he's going to bring bring the word of the Lord. And I want to tell you, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter the need that you have. I'm a needy person. I need the Lord. I woke up this morning, amen, as I was kneeling in in prayer and or or or laying there in the bed actually, just laying there and say, "Lord, I need you today. I need your presence. I I need you to speak to my heart this morning." How about you? Do you do you have something that you need from the Lord here this morning? So wonderful to see so many of our friends here today. And um brother Merrl has already greeted you and and we just say God richly bless you. Good to see all of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. But most importantly here this morning. One human can't help another human. One human we're we're all human and we can hurt one another and sometimes we don't mean to hurt one another. We we're all faulty. But there's one among us. That's the Lord Jesus Christ who will never fail us. &gt;&gt; I can fail you. I can fail my wife. She can fail me. I can fail you as a friend or even a pastor. You can fail me as a friend. But Jesus will never fail us. He will never fail us here this morning. So as we sing this song and invite the man of God to come, I want you to take the lid off of your heart. Open that heart's door and say, "Lord, here I am. I'm I'm going to open myself up wide open this morning for your spirit to meet my need." Amen. Though the tempest may sweep or the wild stormy may. Yes. In Jesus I'm save [Applause] more. Oh, I think anored my soul in the haven. Hallelujah. Oh, I'll save those wild seas no more. [Music] Jesus, I'm saved. faith ever more. Can we sing that one more time? I've anchored my soul. I've anored my soul. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I feel [Music] &gt;&gt; no more. Wow. Hallelujah. Jesus, I'm safe ever more. Amen. I'm sure that's your confession this morning. I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest. And it's in assuring to know that we have an anchor that we can anchor our soul to. Not just something that we we hope so. You know, this message ain't a hope so. It's a no. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon would tell us that hope pushes it out in the future. Hoping I can obtain, hoping I can get it. But he says, "Faith claims it right now." So, we're not hoping that we have a an anchor of the soul. We're claiming an anchor of the soul, and it's claimed us. And I believe we've all been through some hard times and rough seas, but we're still standing today because of the anchor that has anchored our soul. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, it's good to be with y'all here today. If you would have your Bibles, I've got two passages of scripture. 1 Peter 1:1. Let me read that down to the second verse in Galatians 3 and 28. While y'all are turning there, I would like to say thank you for all the the food and the prayers and everything that uh we've had our our newborn little Olly there, Lucas Oliver. Uh he was supposed to been his due date was today, but he he came early. there were some things that uh was concerning to the doctor. So, he wanted to to get the baby here a little early. So, we're thankful that the Lord kept his hands upon the baby and mama. They're home today and so they're they're doing good. Uh well, baby's doing good. Mama didn't get much sleep last night, but but uh the baby's doing great and everything. So, we're thank the Lord for for his hands of mercy. But first Peter 1 and1 Peter an apostle of Jesus Christ to the strangers scattered throughout Pontius, Galatia, uh, Capidosia, Asia, and Bethania, elect according to the fornowledge of God the Father through the sanctification of the spirit unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ, grace unto you and peace be multiplied. and Galatians 3 and 3 and 28. There is neither Jew nor Greek. There is neither bond nor free. There is neither male nor female. For ye are all one in Christ Jesus. And if ye be Christs, then you're Abraham's seed and hes according to the promise. Amen. Can we bow our heads this morning? Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, how thankful we are for your mercies and your grace. Lord, the presence that we feel here this morning, God, I believe all things are possible, Lord, not only to you, but to us, Lord, if we can just believe, God, our I believe our our prayers can be answered, Lord. But God, as your spirit is here so sweet among us, Father, we ask that you would just have preeminence in this service, Lord. You know the needs that are in the the lives of your people, the hearts of your children. We ask Lord that you would just have the right away here among us God and speak to the needs and to the hearts God. Anoint our hearts to receive the word as it would come forth. Father we ask that you would just be pleased in everything that is said undone today in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated here tonight. I have a just a a simple thought and it's a strange title but it would be elected strangers. And I had been been going through first Peter and I and as I read those first couple of verses I that really stood out to me. And so here here Peter is addressing this to the strangers that is scattered in these places in these cities that is that is that is there and in Palestine. And and when you look up the word stranger, it's always connected with a a pilgrim or or a souljourer. And the Bible would always liken the children of Israel unto pilgrims. And even in the New Testament, you can look at Hebrews 11:13. These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them a far off, but were persuaded of them and embraced them and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims upon the earth. And brother Brandham, he would tell us what a pilgrim is. He would he would say a little something you might look at in the scriptures. Those who sought this new city acted different. They professed that they were pilgrims and strangers, but on the side of Cain, they become fugitives and renegades. But Christians are pilgrims and strangers. A fugitive has no home. A renegade is a horrible person. But a pilgrim is something real from a real land in another nation trying to find his way home. professing by his living that he is something that he's from another country. And as I came across that quote, I I really like how brother Brandham puts it. Professing by his living. And so a uh a a pilgrim ain't just proclaiming by a lip service or a word that he's a pilgrim, but his actions is proving that I don't belong here. I'm just passing through. I'm looking for something that is a far off. But the more I walk, the closer I'm getting to it. And brother Brandham says, "You have something when you are a pilgrim." And so there's a difference between a pilgrim and a stranger and a fugitive and a vagabond. As brother Brandham would tell us, that was Cain's people. That was the serpent seed. And here uh uh you can look out at that that the the vagabonds and the the fugitives, they're wandering to and fro without no direction. And you can look in the in the Strong's concordance there. The definition of that vagabond and fugitive is is somebody that's that's a totter. He's shaken. He's staggering. He's wandering, moving, tossed about, tossed about, to shake, caused to totter and to disturb. And so a vagabond and a fugitive is somebody that has no strong direction. It's somebody that that that that is blown by every wind of doctrine, blown by everything that comes by his way. But there's a difference between the Cain's children and the children of God because they have a direction. Cuz many times when you think of a pilgrim, you think of somebody that don't have a direction or or a stranger that got no direction. They're just wondering. That's not the case because a pilgrim has more of a direction sometimes than the locals do because the locals it's easy to become satisfied with where you are at. You easy belieism. you know, you you're satisfied in your home. You're you're you got a good job. And it's easy to lose the direction or the focus that you're trying to obtain. But a pilgrim, all he has is his direction. He don't have nothing to offer, nothing to his name. Nothing he can point back to and say, "I've got this. I've got that." But a pilgrim, the only thing he can point to is what he is striving for. And I believe that's the way it is with the bride of Christ. We might not have much to offer as a worldly standard, but we have one thing that is a spiritual ambition. I'm striving for one thing, and that is the kingdom of God. And that's why I left Jeremiah 29 and 11 so much. I know the thoughts that I have towards you, the thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. So our end is an expected end. It's you see and if you look at Kate's children, they have no direction and they have no expectation. They don't have something they're striving for. They don't have an expected end. They have an end, but it's not an expected end. But the thoughts I have towards you is to give you an expected end where we're not just tossed to and fro, blind leading the blind, but there's an expectation that we are striving for. And I believe that this expectation ain't just something like a, you know, you trying to lead a horse or you put an apple in front of it. This ain't something just to lead you on, but it's something we can obtain that if we keep pressing on all the promises of God can be given to us. You believe that this morning? Because the devil wants to make you feel like you are a fugitive and a vagabond where you have no future outside of this world. where you have no direction outside of a of a good career or if you're not making a bunch of money and you don't have a future. You see, that's not the case with the bride of Christ. We we're trying to make a living here. You got to do the best you can for your families, for your children, but that is not our ambition. Our ambition is to make sure what God has called me to do, that's what I am going to produce. You see, we've got a spiritual ambition that God has given us. And I know I talked about ambition some time ago. So, I hope it's okay if I hit some of these things again this morning, but an ambition is something that strives you and pushes you. And you can look at the children of Israel. They had an ambition to get to the promised land until they got in the promised land. Then they lost their ambition. It was right after they came into the promised land. What were they saying? Give us a king. so that we can be like the other nations. And it was the prophet that would say, "Have I told you anything wrong? Have I ever taken your money? Have I ever done this? Or what have I done to offend you? You've done nothing wrong, but we want to look like the other ones." What was it? Their spiritual ambition was changed to a worldly ambition where they wanted to fit in with the other nations. Oh my, I don't believe that's what God has called us to do. We're walking upon the earth, but we're not a part of it. There's an ambition that God has given us that sets us apart. That's why we're a stranger walking in the in the the middle of Leo because we don't fit in with him. You see, the devil tries to get you to fit in with him, but we're called for another purpose. We're called to produce something different. And brother Brandham would tell us that if you don't have a purpose, you're going to float around. He would talk about the homeless man that would come and knock on the door and say, "Can you give me something to eat?" And brother Brown would bring him in and give him a sandwich. And as he would begin to talk with him, he would say, "Where are you going?" &gt;&gt; The man would say, "Oh, nowhere." He says, "Well, where did you come from?" "Oh." He says, "How long have you been doing this?" He says, "For about 10 years." He says, "Where my hat is resting, that is where I call home." Brother Brandham says he had no ambitions to better himself. So he had no ambitions. He was just a drifter. Wherever he was that evening, that's where he would call home. And too many times we get to that place as a Christian. We lose our ambition for the things of God and we're distributed where we're pushed by this or pushed by that trial. We're pushed by this trial. We're pushed by this career choice or pushed by what this one says or what that one says. And we fail to realize that we are a pilgrim marching on with a spiritual ambition. Brother Brandon would say, "Now that's just about the attitude of the people. Just what I'll call drifters, floaters." And the people who join the church is just about the same. I've often thought of floating driftwood. Driftwood. It just hangs up on any kind of trash. That's just the way it is with floaters does in the church or anywhere. No, you're take on a stream like the stream of life and plenty of driftwood hanging up in every trash pile. And yet the boat comes along made out of the wood tomb. But if you notice, the wood is shaped out by a master who has built that boat. Not only is it shaped out, but it is guided by a master. And it is pushed by a power. We're all made out of the same stuff. It just depends on how your ambitions run. You see, the boat has another a different ambition than the driftwood because it has a motor. It can't sit still even if it wanted to because there's something behind it that is pushing it down the stream of life. And that's what happens when you get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It pushes you in a certain direction. and the friends that might be hung up on this and on the family members that might be hung up and they're just drifting and floating. You've got a different ambition. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost that is pushing you down the stream of life towards the mark of the high prize. And I believe that that's what has happened with the bride of Jesus Christ. We can look around at all of the driftwood. Look at this church member. Look at that family member. But yet there is something on the inside of our life that is making us act like Christians. What is it? We're citizens of another country. Hallelujah. And the natural always types the spiritual. Brother Brandon would tell us that. So if a natural pilgrim has to have a natural ambition, so does a spiritual pilgrim have to have some ambition. And brother Brandon was saying, she said, "Well then," talking about his wife, "Well then, we're not Americans. What are we?" I said, and it's incredible because I have this quote in my notes and brother Sam Parker posted this on one of our ministers chat and he and brother Brandham was saying and she said, 'Well then, we're not Americans. What are we? I said, our kingdom is above. See, we are free, born again. The kingdom of God is within you. See, act like up there. You're delegates from there. I said we're citizens here living here in the flesh, but our spirits, we are pilgrims and strangers. We are foreign to the world, even our own nation. For we have accepted the invitation when a knocked on our heart to become a part of him, his word. And the word fixes us and makes us live, makes us act like Christians. So he says our flesh is citizens of America but it's our spirits that is pilgrims and as strangers. And the Bible would tell us whatever is in your heart is what your mouth is going to speak. So if your heart is as a citizen of this world that's what the flesh is going to act out. But if your heart is a citizen that the kingdom of God that's what's going to produce through your flesh. And it's incredible because the word is to make us act like Christians. There's our ambitions. You may say, "What is spiritual ambition?" Whatever the word says, that's what you do. Oh, hallelujah. If the word says to kick out a certain thing, you kick it out. If the message says do this, you do it. You see, it's an ambition that God has given you. And if you're a citizen of the kingdom of God, that's what you're going to produce. Hallelujah. You see, because many times we we we we quote the sinner's prayer, and that's great and all, but what about the ambitions? You see, because the Bible would tell us with their lips, they profess me, but their heart is far from me. And here, brother Brandham is telling us, how do you become a citizen or a pilgrim and a stranger? He says, we become a part of the word when we accept the invitation that the word does when it knocks on our heart. So, it's more than a sinner's prayer or or or or or reciting something, but when the word knocks on your heart, you accept it in. You see, that's what a conscience is. A conscience tells you when you're wrong or when you're right. And whenever you deny your conscience, brother Brown tell us the conscience begins to get calloused. Right? And many times the spiritual ambition of the word of God can knock on your heart. But if you refuse to accept that invitation, then that conscience becomes callous. But I don't believe our conscience needs to become callous. Whenever the word knocks on our heart, I believe we can say, "Yeah, yeah, and amen." Whatever the word says, I believe it. If it's a hard thing, I believe it. If it's something easy, I believe it. You see, it's incredible because that's why we can believe for big things whenever we're lining up with the little things. You see, brother Brandon would say in one place, he would say that that that the that that a preacher told him, you know, how come you're how come you're you're you're always you're always getting on uh uh dresses and long hair and makeup? He says, why don't you teach them the big things? Teach them how to speak in tongues. He says, "How can I teach them algebra whenever they don't even know their ABCs?" He says, "I can't tell them to do something when God has already told them to do something and they can't even do that." Oh, and he says here, the Bible says a woman's not to put on a garment pertaining to a man. He says that's something she can do that God told her to do and she can't even do that. Oh my. You see, it's ambitious. We once many times we want to preach, look over, say, "Yeah, you can do this. You do that." See a vision over us. Why why would we look for something like that when God has already given us a vision that we can line up our life with and produce the promises that God has given us. Hallelujah. You see, your ambitions is what drives you. Brother Brandon would say, you make yourself when you're young, you set your ambitions to what you want to do. He says what you're trying to achieve in life, you think of it. And he says, and you think of it, of course, your mind. And he says here in your mind is presented into your mind by an unknown something that dominates your mind and when you be when it becomes in your mind then you speak it that you're going to do it then your ambitions drive you to it. And I think that is powerful because he's talking about the natural, but you can take the same thing in the spiritual. When you take on the mind of Christ, then that tells you the direction to go. Then it drops into the heart and then it starts to drive you in the direction that God wants you to go. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon would say in one place, he would say that eagles have high ambitions. He says their their he says their their nest ain't built here upon the earth, but it's built up in the heights. It's built upon a high rock or or a high tree. He says eagles have high ambitions. Then he would stop and would say so does the church of the living God. We have high ambitions. So what I'm trying to say is in order for us to be a pilgrim, we have to have the right ambitions. that once we have the right ambitions, we become a part of the word. And the more we become a part of the word, the less we're acting like the world. The aspir that the less we're looking like the world because we have one ambition, one goal, that is Jesus Christ and the word alone. I believe that's your desire this morning. That is my ambition. This message is my ambition. If it says I can make a rapture, I'm going to strive for it. If it says I can see my children saved, I'm going to strive for it. If it says I can be in a body change, I'm going to strive for it. Hallelujah. That's my drive. That's my direction is what this message says I can have. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh my. That's what we can have. Oh my. And I love him. Brother Brand putting it as a quote I read earlier. We're citizens here living in the flesh, but our spirits were pilgrims and strangers. We're foreign to the world now, even our own nation. For we have accepted the invitation when it knocked at our heart to become a part of him, his word. So the word is knocking upon hearts. And the only ones that can accept it is the ones that have a heart to receive it. You can look at 1 Peter 2:11. Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims abstain from fleshly lusts which war against the soul. In other words, if you're a pilgrim and a stranger, there's going to be a drive that is pushing you away from le from from fleshly lusts which war against the soul. And brother Brandham is showing us how do we become a part of the word. When it knocks on the when it knocks on your heart, you accept it. So accepting it is more than just quoting it. It's accepting it. As I as I quoted this earlier, Matthew 15:8, the people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth and honorth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me, but in vain they do worship me. And so if it's just a lip service, your worship is in vain. I don't want my worship to be in vain to you. But if it's from the heart, that's where God is going to meet the worshipper. As I preached this last time on God's provided place of worship, we got to make sure we're coming to the right place. Not the right location per per se, but it's the right place. If we if we're worshiping under the right anointing, then God can meet us where our heart is. You see, and so we're living in the day where Christ is on the outside of the church knocking. And I thought it's incredible brother Moro would quote this earlier. The Bible would say in Revelations 3:20, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me." Brother Brandon would tell us this is the condition of the church. But he didn't say the bride. That's why brother Brandon would preach a bride age because we're not a part of the church that has Christ on the outside of the church knocking to get in. We're a part of a bride in an eagle age where we have accepted the invitation when the word is knocked upon our hearts. That's why I believe in a bride age. Come on. That's a bright anointing that has called us up higher and said you're not a part of Leoria. You're not a part of their sins. You're not a part separated from among them. Be not partakers of her sins or her plagues. It's a pride age that God has called us to step into by accepting the word when it knocks upon our heart. And I say the word is knocking this morning. Open up your heart and accept it. Whatever it says, I accept it. I believe it. I confess it and I'm going to achieve it. Whatever the word says, I believe it. Hallelujah. Oh my. So here the Bible is giving the church a chance, but their heart is far from them. far from Christ. I stand at the door and knock. If any man will open the door, I will come and suck with him. But their heart is far from him. But then you can look at the bride. We can read this in John 10 27. My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me. There's three things in this verse that really stood out to me. The first thing was my sheep hear my voice. You see, when you look at Revelation 3, there's no claiming. I knock on the door, if any man, hear my voice or open the door, I will come in. You see, but here in John 10, it's a claiming. This ain't a whosoever will, let him come. This is my sheep will hear my voice. There's a desire on the inside of their heart. This ain't a whosoever will. I'm just going to throw it. I hope they get it. But then the second part of that verse is, "And I know them." So the very reason that I'm sending my voice is because I know there's a heart to receive it. He's not just knocking. I hope they open. I hope they open. But my sheep will know my voice because I know them. I know them which are mine. And I am not going to lose a one. Do you wonder why you're here today and your friends are still out in the world? Do you wonder why you got family members that despise this message, but yet you got a heart to receive it? because there's an elected seed uh on the inside of your heart that when the word came across your path, you say, "Yes, amen. I'm opening up my heart and receiving the invitation, my sheep will hear my voice." And I say, "Lord, this sheep has heard your voice. This sheep has heard the voice of the son of man in this generation." We've accepted the invitation and we say, "Lord, it is our ambition. It is my desire. It is my achievement. This is what I'm striving for. My sheep will hear my voice. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Brand, I'm going to say this. See, Jesus said, "My sheep know my voice. They know my word." They see it when it's vindicated for that age. So, my sheep will know my vindicated word. And I believe his sheep has heard his word in this generation. You see, and it's incredible because my sheep will hear my voice and I know them. You remember that Jesus would talk about the kingdom of heaven is like a net, right? He cast it into the sea and it attracts all kind. But then only the ones that is elected to it is going to stay. But the Brown would dramatize it and would say, "You throw it into the ocean." And he would say, "What happens is it says the influence of the gospel, it catches many. It attracts many." And he says, "It's about a week later, he says, you got the you got the water spiders in there and they're having a good time, but then they have to give up something." And he says, "Oh, I ain't going to do this." He jumps out of the net. He says, "Then there's a crab in there that's in there for about a week." And he says, "I got him." And then it says, "You got to give up your cards." And he says, he jumps out of the net. He says, "What is it?" The net didn't have anything to do with it. It was a water spider before the net. So the wet the net did not make a water spider or water spider. And that net did not make a fish a fish. It was a fish before the net came. And when the net came, since it was a fish, it would stay there and would be gathered with the king would be gathered with the one trying to catch it. And this message did not make you bride of Christ. It came to you because you was the bride of Christ. There's many that was been in this church, but lasted for a little bit and would go out the doors. It's because there was no heart to receive him. But you are still standing today. You've been through heartaches. You've been through heartbreaks. You've been through trials. You've been through circumstances. You've been through times you thought you could not take another step. But you are still here because you were elected from before the foundation of the world. Where would we go? For thou hast the words of eternal life. I can't go anywhere else. This message is my identity. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's who I am. I come from God and I go back to God. &gt;&gt; It's who I am. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This message didn't make you bright. &gt;&gt; It has brought out the potentials &gt;&gt; that was laying there. &gt;&gt; He saved the bread. And I'll just read the quote. He says, "What happens?" He says, "Watch what happens. The influence of the gospel catches many." He said, "It's about the first week. The old serpent now." He looks and says, "If I'm going to have to give up all this other stuff, give up my cards, my tobacco." He says, "Right back into the water." He goes, "Miss water spider sits up there, looks around, and she says, "Huh? You mean I can't go to my clubs and do things here? I have to take off my makeup and let my hair grow out, take off my shorts, hump, plop, plop, plop, just a hog to his wallet as a dog in its vomit. He says, "No, what was she? She was caught in the net and the net brought it to the altar. He says, "But he was a snake to begin with. It's a spider to begin with." The net had nothing to do with it. It only pulled them up here and the fish was a fish to start with. That's exactly right. And my sheep will hear my voice. Hallelujah. You see, so he was attracted. Brother Brandon, I'm going to talk about the third the three poles, right? The first pull is the little fish. The second one is a a little bigger ones. But the third pull was not for the for the little fish. It was for the big fish. So it was an attraction at the first part, but then whenever started to come against the theology or what they thought was right, they would fall away from it. But the bride would say, "No, this is what I've been looking for. This is the desire that has been in my heart. This is what I have been looking for." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And the third part of that verse that really spoke to my heart and they follow me. My sheep know my voice. I know them and they follow me. And so there's something now you got to do. The first two part the first two parts was God sending a message or or putting a seed there sending a message. But now we've got something to do and they follow me. So if you're a stranger to the world, you're not a stranger to the things of God. You can look at John 10:5. and a stranger they will not follow but will flee from them for they know not the voice of strangers. So if you're a stranger to the world now the the the world is a stranger to you. So when that voice comes you do not hear the voice of strangers. You hear you hear only one voice that is the voice of almighty God. You remember brother Brandon would tell the story when he was in the Middle East and there was a shepherd that had all his sheep that was coming through the coming through town and he would tell us that their markets up there ain't like ours here not in buildings it's along the streets right and he would say he would be watching these and that they would come across the intersection and all the cars were stopped they was watching and brother Brandham looked and he says well it's going to get crazy now because once those sheep begin to see all of these fruit all the fruit, all the bread, they're going to go crazy. And they went across the street and they didn't they didn't detour off. But the Brandham says they were looking at one thing, not the vegetables, not the fruit. They were watching the shepherd. Oh, my sheep know my voice and a stranger they will not follow. Our eyes is upon one thing, not a ministry, not a man, not gifts, not thus sayaeth the Lord, but our men, our eyes is upon thee, thus sayaith the Lord, that has been given to us in this generation. Not man's feelings, not man's ideas, not man's sensations, but we are following the voice of the son of man that has been given in this generation. My sheep know my voice and they will not follow them. They are following one thing that is the voice of almighty God. Hallelujah. Brother Brown, I'm going say this here. When you see a scripture and you see it here and here and here and here and you ask your pastor about it and he says, "Oh, those are for another day." If you're a child of God, he says, "You won't believe that." No, sir. Well, when it said Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, works that I do, you shall do also. You see what he was? You see the promise here and then your pastor says, "Oh, that's nonsense. There's nothing like that." You won't believe that because you're not a spider. You're not a snake. You are a fish. See, there it is. You're not a goat or a pig. You are a lamb. Hallelujah. He says, "Whenever you notice something different, you see the word here, the message lines up with this, the message lines up with that." And then you go to family members and they say, "Oh, that's not true. That's not true." But there's still something in the heart that says, "Yes, it is." It's because you're not a spider. You're a fish. You're not serpent seed. You are the bride of Jesus Christ. You might be a stranger, but you are an elected stranger. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You can't get away from it even if you wanted to. That's the difference between you and the serpent sea. They're strangers, but they're not elected. They're vagabonds, but they're not elected. But you are a stranger that has been elected from before the foundation of the world. You see the first verse is Paul or Peter an apostle of Jesus Christ to the to the strangers. Then the second verse elected according to the fornowledge of God. You might be a stranger but before you was here you was already in the mind of God. Oh hallelujah. So we was elected from before the foundation of the world. So as you're receiving the word, brother Brandham tell us, you become the word. And so as you're receiving the word, there's a separation that is taking place from you and the voices of the world, the enemy that comes against you. Brother Brandon would say this here. So Jesus was the word made flesh. He was completely separated from sinners, unbelievers. that the word itself flowed completely and forally flow through him that he said I do nothing until I see the father do it first that was asking and questioning him about things he said verily I say unto you the son of man can do or the son can do nothing in himself but what he sees the father do he says watch everything that he said was perfect just he had not to ask about it think about it it was perfect and this is what I think is powerful and he would say this here and his perfect truth always separated the truth from the error. So when you're accepting truth and when it's going to separate you from the voices of the world that comes against you. You see? So in order to be a pilgrim, you have to accept truth. And then that's going to put you on a journey that is separating you from the voices of the enemy. And that's why Jesus makes the claim, my sheep will know my voice because there's many other voices. He knew he would you would be in the middle of Leota with voices of denominationalism, voices of theology, voices of pornography, voices of this and of that. But he would claim you, my sheep will know my voice. And that voice is going to separate them from the other voices that is going to try to attract them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's going to separate them from every other voice. And and that's the reason the Bible would tell us in Amos 3 and 3. Can two walk together except they be agreed? You can't walk together unless you're agreed. And you're going to agree with something. You see, and that's why I believe that you can make this message your absolute. &gt;&gt; Come on now. That's why I believe you can man I heard a a preacher the other day that that was blasting that that people say it's your absolute. He says the Bible's my absolute. Sin is mine, too. But what would the Bible say? What's the interpretation without the message? You can't explain to me Revelations without this message. &gt;&gt; Come on. It took an interpretation to come and separate you from the voices of error and place you upon a solid rock. You see, I I had a brother tell me one time that and and I and I was a young evangelist and and and and I thought everybody believed the same and and I was preaching. I preached the message the absolute and he hammered me, man. He hammered me for about 45 minutes and and I I get back to the I get back home and and he starts texting me, hammering me saying, "I'm just a parrot. I don't study. I don't have revelation for myself." And what's incredible is he's hammering me on these things. And he says, "You can't believe what somebody else said. You got to you got to believe what what you believe. You got to get a revelation for yourself." And then he stops and he says, "Well, I've got some files of material I've been studying going. if you want, I can give this to you and you can see where I'm coming from. And I said, I think I'll just keep the message as my absolute. Come on now. He wanted me to do away with the message and take him as an absolute. But why would I do that when we had to vindicate a prophet with thus sayeth the Lord, separate us from error and give us truth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Because brother Brown, I'm going to say this here. No, every great achievement is tied to an absolute. You cannot run life without having an absolute. You can't make an achievement without it being an absolute for it is the final tiepost. It's the hitch track at the end of the journey. It's a place where you are tied to something. So you can't have an ambition without having a tiepost. Come on now. So in order for this message to be your ambition, it's got to be your absolute. Then once it becomes your absolute, it's your final say. And then you're pressing on, brother say, because we are coming to a spot where there was something presented to Christianity, something they have to make a decision on. And I think the Christian church ought to have something that they are known that they are tied to. Instead of floating about like a leaf upon water, the wind as the Bible said carried about every wind of doctrines. He says the winds come and blow little leaf this way. another wind comes, the north wind, the south wind, the the the the east wind, the west wind, you'll never get anywhere, you're not stable. A Christian life should be a stable life. And in order to have a stable life, you got to be tied to something. And I believe we've been given something that we can tie yourself to because once you're tied to it, it's separating you. you I know I've given the example before that that the the remember when Jesus would would would send his disciples to go to the to go into the city and get the the donkey that was tied right he would tell them if any man had stopped you and ask you what are you doing tell them I have need for that donkey and he would say loose him and bring him to me so in order for that donkey to fulfill the purpose of Jesus he had to be untied you see too many times we're tied to other ambitions We're tied to other absolutes and the word is pulling on you. I've I've called you to fulfill this. I've called you to fulfill that. I've called you to fulfill this. But yet, we're tied to something else. But I believe there is still a five-fold ministry that will stand up against the other voices and says, "God has need for him. God has need for that young person. God has need for that mama. God has need for that daddy. Loose him and let him go." And I believe that's what the word does. When perfect truth is separating you from error, it's loosening you from other ambitions that you can fulfill the purpose that God has for your life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's still loosening this morning. And I believe the word this morning can loosen you &gt;&gt; because you can hear the word, but if you're not tied to it, you're going to have it's going to it's going to be just rules and restrictions and dos and don'ts. Remember the two that walked in the road to Emmas. They were talking about Christ, but yet they were discouraged. And it's incredible because here the Bible says Christ himself drew near unto them and would say, "What are you talking about?" Here they're talking about the things that just happened and will look at Jesus and would say this here. Are you a stranger in these parts? &gt;&gt; You see, the world is to be a stranger to you, not the word of God. &gt;&gt; Come on now. when somebody when something else is your ambition, the word of God's a stranger. You see, we're not to be a pilgrim and a stranger for the world. We're to be a pilgrim and a stranger for the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Cuz here they were, they were talking about the word, but they hadn't received it yet. Remember the invitation knocking on the door. You have to accept that. Accept the invitation. Then you become the word. So you hear brother the brother the Bible would tell us that Jesus walks with him and was teaching them the scripture about himself. Brother Brandham would tell us that they could not they that their eyes was still holding the Bible tells us their eyes was holding that they could not see him. Brother Brandham would tell us you can preach the word teach the word but you have to receive the word. What's the word receive? Permit to enter. So in order for the word to change you, you got to receive it in and allow it to become your absolute. And it's incredible cuz Jesus asked them, "What manner of communications are these that ye are sad?" And that really really jumped out to me because they're talking about the word, but it's having a negative effect on their life. &gt;&gt; They're talking about the word, but it's glooming because they don't see the word being fulfilled. And what's incredible is the Bible tells us that when Jesus asked them, "What are you all talking about?" There were then they he started to quote the the the the events that was that that took place the previous days and they're going on how that the the the two ladies went to the supplr and the body of Jesus was gone and this is the third day and Jesus stops and says, "Oh fool, it's slow of heart to believe. Ain't this what I said would happen?" But before they could before they accepted it, they could not see that this is things happening in present day. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You've got to accept it. Allow it to enter in order to see the manifestations of that work. And then the Bible tells us that he rebukes them and he goes and it's about the evening time. It's the evening hour. And the Bible says he acted as if he was going to go by their house. And what did the Bible say? They constrained him and said, "Come in with us." But the Brandon says right there, they received the word in. And as they received the word in, the bread was broke. And then their eyes was open. Now watch their confession. Their confession went from Yes. It's the third day. And the bodies gone. And and it's a gloomy atmosphere. I can't believe this happened. After their eyes was open, the bread was broke. What was their confession? Their their their ambition changed. It went from glooming to did not our heart burn within us as he talked with us along the way. They went from talking about the word to the word talking back to it. We're not just talking about a God of a day gone by. But that God is still talking to us, speaking to hearts, speaking to needs. It's still changing atmospheres. It's still changing the things you go through. if you can only receive it. And what's incredible, it was right after this, the Bible says that these men that these two men would go to the house where the rest of the disciples were and begin to tell them what Jesus what Jesus said to them along the way. And if you look at that, look up that word way. It means journey. Here they were, they were journeying. They were discouraged. They felt like Christ had left them. They felt like the word missed it here, missed it. But when he came and interpreted the word after they received it, it changed the way they looked at their journey. And too many times we look at the path we're on. All we see is gloomy. All we see is this. All we see is that. This one done me wrong. That one done me wrong. This one failed me. That one failed me. But we fail to realize he's still walking with us along the way. He's still walking in the journey with us. And what's incredible is the Bible tells us as he's telling them, these two men were telling the other disciples what Jesus said to them along the way. The Bible says, "Christ appeared." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Christ appeared among them and said, "Peace be unto you." What was it? Once they got a different perspective of the journey they was upon, instead of speaking negative, they spoke positive and that brought Christ in their very midst. You want to bring Christ in your situation? Quit talking negative and speak a positive word uh over your children, a positive word over your situation and watch God come in the middle of that situation and say, "Peace be to you." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's still bringing peace in the midst of the situations. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But you have to change your confession. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Luke 24:33. And they rose up the same hour, returned to Jerusalem, and found the 11 gathered together, them that were with him, saying, "The Lord is risen," and at the period of Simon, and they told what things were done in the way, and how he was known known of them in the breaking of bread. And as they thus spoke, uh, Luke 24:36, as they thus spoke, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them, and said unto them, peace be unto you. Hallelujah. Cuz it's easy to become bitter, ain't it? It's easy because what happens many times is we feel like God ain't answering our prayers whenever it's our own ambitions, not God's ambitions. Right? How many can testify of that? When you've got your own ambitions, your own achievement, your own goals, your own thing that you're striving for, and when that don't work out, you say, "God, what happened? I thought you were with me." And here here Christ is walking with them, but yet they could not see them see him until they accepted him. They had to throw out their ideas of the situation and accept God's ideas. Come on now. You got to throw out what you want to do and accept what God has for your life. Then watch God come in your situation and bring a peace, bring a stability, bring a direction, bring an absolute in your life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Watch Christ show up because if you have the wrong ambition, he's not going to show up. You have to have the right ambition, the right direction. And then you got to make sure the truth is separating you from error and not error separating you from truth. You're going to be separated for something. You see? So you got to make sure you're because brother Brandon tell us in order to believe a lie, you have to refuse the truth, right? You got to say the truth ain't the truth. So in order to be separated from error to perfect truth, you got to say that error is a lie. And that's hard sometimes because sometimes the error is what we're brought up being taught, right? And that that that is a hard thing sometimes when your mommy teaches you that, your grandparents teach you that, this one teaches you that. And then the word comes in a different way. Now it's a battle. What do I do? Am I separated from truth to the error or am I separated to the truth from the error? It's a decision in the midst of the crossroads. But perfect truth, if you can ever accept it, it will separate you from every error that comes against you. You see, brother Brandon was saying, "Now, we can preach the word, explain the word, but you have to receive the word." He says, "Hallelujah." That's what sets it a fire, brother. When you receive it, the revelation, something slips out of the unseen world yonder, comes rolling down through a mystical channel somewhere into your soul that says, "Now I see it." Your eyes brighten up. Your lips that hung down straighten up and smile. Every muscle in your body seems to rejoice. Something is going to happen. &gt;&gt; Ain't that incredible? the power of this revelation. Once you accept it, not just hear it, not just hear it teach, not hear it preached, but once you hear those things, you receive it, then something slips down into the soul. Then something goes into the unseen world yonder and brings the substance down that brings a smile on your face. It changes your situation. It changes your desires. It changes the things you're going through. So it's more than just coming to church and hearing it. It's coming and receiving it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Then it's separating it. Brother Brandon, I'm going say this here. Spiritfilled, believing in all things, hoping all things, waiting for the coming of the Lord, professing to be pilgrims and strangers, nothing of this world, don't desire it, falling away from the things of the world. See what I mean? He says, "Egypt, the children of Israel left, the boasting physicians of Egypt to be with the great physician. They left the garlic pots of Egypt to eat dangerous food. They left the muddy waters of Egypt to drink from the spiritual rock." He says, "Amen. You get it? On the journey, they had to cut loose from Egypt. Let them go." We're walking on a journey as well. But you got to give up the things of Egypt in order to partake of the things of life. &gt;&gt; But you see that the reason there's a separation that takes place and I hope this is okay this morning &gt;&gt; that there's an election. &gt;&gt; There's an election on the inside of your heart. Brother Brandham was saying he said there one day except you he talking about Jesus except you eat the body the blood drink the blood eat the body of the son of man you have no life in you. He didn't explain it. He walked on and that that's right. See, well, they said this man's a cannibal that he that to eat his body, drink his blood. He's a vampire. See, he wants to become a vampire. Them intellectuals, but he said my sheep will hear my voice. See, it would come to the elected. God had elected by fornowledge. And those to the father, no man come to me except the father draws him. All the father's given me, they will come. they will understand. The disciples couldn't understand it, but they believed it. That's right. If you believe him, I can't understand many things, but I believe it anyhow. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; That's the difference between you and serpency. They don't understand it. You might not understand it, but there's a heart to accept it. &gt;&gt; That says, "I might not understand it, but I believe it anyhow." Cuz we don't understand it many things. You know, like I said the other day, we might not understand how the rapture is going to happen, but we believe it, right? We might not understand how the body change is going to happen, but we believe it. Brother Brandon would tell would would be be talking with a brother and would say, and he would say, "Seeing is believing." He would say, "Okay, then go to the store and buy me some love." Right? He says you can't you can't you can't the things you can explain sometimes ain't even real but it's faith in the real things right you see you might not be able to explain everything but there's faith that accepts it and believes it hallelujah brand I'm going to talk about Abraham and would say notice the word cannot deny itself then it is satisfied or it's the desire the desire of what what made you desire it in the first place because down in your soul there was a predestinated seed which was eternal. Life was always laying in there. Always in there. All that the father's given me will come to me. Then there there isn't going to be one of them to be lost. A thanking man's taste. When a thanking man hears the word of God, my sheep hear my voice. A stranger they will not follow. For down in there is life and life connects to life. So, so when the word came across your path, it was word responding to word. Word predestinated to the word that was for this day. And then there was life that would come together and would produce the promises for this generation. What made you desire this in the first place? There was life on the inside that was attractive. You can look at the prodical son. I'm sure the prodical son wasn't the only one that was working there in the pig slot, but he was the only one with the desire to go back to the father. Come on now. He wasn't the only one there. But there was a seed that came from the father and says, I can go back to him. I come from him. I can go back to him. You see, you're not the only one that is in the middle of lay on a sea. But there's a seed. You're an elected stranger in this generation that is pulling you back to the bosom of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Life connects with life. &gt;&gt; It wasn't Abraham going out and looking for God and said, "Hey, I want to be the I want to be the the prince of nations. I want to do this. I want to do that." It was God. Brother Brandam say, "Let's go back to Genesis 12. God called Abraham by grace." Not because he was a different person. He was just Abraham, just an ordinary man. Not because he was a priest or a dignitarian. He was a farmer. He came down from the city of the ba of the Babylon tower with his father and they went to the the the city of her. And it's incredible because here the grace of God would call Abraham in the midst of of the Tower of Babel. And and I read this last time, brother Brandham would tell us that if there's ever a a type of denominations in the Bible, he would say it's Babylon, right? He said the Tower of Babel, everybody had to come and worship at that tower, right? The Tower of that's why that's where the confusion came from when it was a forced religion. He said, "Brother Brandon Matellis, that's a forced religion." And we can see it today. Brother Nathaniel, me and him was at St. Simons some years back one time and there was a p a prison ministry. They they were there simple assignments and I believe it was one of the the denominations and Peggy was there and was like, "Hey, do y'all want to come and and go to the prisons and preach with us." I said, "That'll be great." So they came and and she brought her pastor over and gave us a sheet, you know, and was like, "Here, do you got to agree with all of these things?" And me and Nathaniel looks at the sheet and he said, "Well, we don't agree with this. We don't agree with that." And the pastor looks at us and says, "Who invited you?" So we we was just hearing pizza. And the answer begging asked if we wanted to come and he says well okay what was it? It's a forced religion. If you don't believe the way they believe it you're not going to be accepted. So here Abram was in the midst of a forced religion. But then grace would call his name. Brother would tell us you get into the bride not by forced religion. You get into the bride by election. You come into Christ by election. So here Abram was in the midst of a forced religion. But then grace would come. Life would come to life. And would say, Abram, separate yourself. Come out of that city and come, I'm going. I'm making you a prince of nations. I'm making you a father of nations. You got to separate yourself. And it was grace that would call him out of Babylon. It was grace that would say, "Get out from among your father." It was grace that would say, "Separate you from Lot." It was grace every step of the way. And what's incredible is brother Brown would tell us the journey of Abraham is a type of the church. He would go through many things. He would say Genesis 12, God calling Abraham. He says was justification. It was Luther. Genesis 15 God confirming the covenant he says was sanctification which was wrestling. He says El Shadi. In Genesis 17:1 the Holy Ghost he says which is Pentecost. But then Genesis 17:15, he says, "Abraham's name change was his adoption. It was grace every step of the way that would call him out. Then there was grace that would come and would say, "Hey, I'm going to confirm the covenant." It's incredible because you look there in Genesis, Genesis 15, when God confirms the covenant, it was Abraham said, "How do I know these things are going to happen?" And then God would speak to him and was say, "Go get a turtle dove, right? Go get up. Go, go get a turtle dove, get a she goat, get a ram, and then a turtle dove, a turtle dove and a young pigeon. He tells them to separate, separate the sheep, separate the goat, separate the heer, separate the ram, but don't separate the pigeon and the turtle dove. What was it? He was letting him know I'm going to come and walk in the midst of my covenant. Brother Brandon would tell us how come he did not separate the turtle dove. He says that the turtle dove and the pigeon is a type of divine healing in the both of the covenants, the law and grace. He says it's divine healing in both of those. And what's incredible is the Bible says the fowls would come and try to get on the sacrifice. And then the Bible says Abraham would shoe him off. But the Brandham says what was that? It's preachers that is keeping devils off of divine healing. Hallelujah. And so it's God. It was grace letting him know I'm going to walk in the covenant. Then the Bible would tell us it got dark and and I've been just studying all these things. Hope it's okay. The Bible says it gave us a dark it was night time. It got dark and then then it was like a furnace. He would go Abraham would go into a vision. He would see like a furnace. And brother Brandham says the darkness meant death. But then the furnace it meant hell. But then he would tell us, but then there was a lamp, a lantern that would walk in the midst of it. And he says that's the type of God, Christ, walking in the midst of the covenant. And he says what he was doing was letting Abraham know there's a royal seed coming, Jesus Christ, that is going to confirm the covenant to your royal seed. What was it? It was grace. It was grace every step of the way. Now, it's grace today picking up the royal seed and says, "You're still my pilgrim. You're still my stranger. I've called you by election just like I called Abraham. And yet, I got the same promise that you can march on to every promise that I've given you. It's been grace every step of the way." It was grace. And that's incredible. It was grace whenever God would come up to would come up to Abraham, you know, and would say, "I'm your portion." I I think how he put it. He would say I'm the almighty God. Brother Brandham says what is that almighty God? It's El Shadi. He says not Elshad. He says that's breast. He says El Shadi is the breasted God. And what's incredible is brother Brandon would say it was the strength giver. He says that's the type of the Holy Ghost. He says the Holy Ghost is the strength giver of almighty God. But then he says it's not just the strength giver but it's also the the satisfier. Hallelujah. So this message has not just given us strength, but it has satisfied us that we're not looking for anything else. It's satisfied us. Brother Brandon would ask the question, are we sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst? And I say yes, I am. I'm satisfied with that shouty eye that has been brought to me in this generation. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; He's still our shout out in your journey. You may feel like you're by yourself and alone and and God don't hear your prayers. You know, brother Brandon would say that that Abraham would would crawl in the bosom of a shadowy eye and would nurse from him a body change. Hallelujah. He felt like he couldn't do it. My body's old. And it's incredible because the in the book of Hebrews, he the the Apostle Paul would say that Abraham considered not the weakness or the deadness of his body or the or the womb of Sarah, but considered him faithful. How come he was satisfied? He was satisfied that God would do it. Every whenever he came up, he came up and didn't look like like he could fulfill the promise. God was still there. And and it's incredible because grace will will provide a way in every step of the journey. When you feel like you can't do it, you know, because Abram knew he couldn't do it. He even his name represented fatherless. But then brother Brown would tell us the name change. What was the name change? He said it was Elohim coming to Abram. It was Abraham. It was God. It was the father. The the father of nations coming to the fatherless. What was it? It was the adoption. It was placing him in a position to produce. Brother Brandham would tell us that that name change conditioned him to produce the promised child. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And that's what adoption is. It's conditioning you to produce the promised child, to produce the word in this generation. Hallelujah. But we can look at Abram. Abraham, and I won't hold you much longer, but Abraham, he he would walk by faith. You look at Romans 4:20. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in the faith, giving glory to God, and being fully persuaded that what he promised, he was also to perform. Therefore, it was imputed to him for righteousness. That's incredible because being fully persuaded, that's the reason he would stagger not at the promises of God because he was fully persuaded. &gt;&gt; Come on. Too many times we're not fully persuaded. &gt;&gt; And since we're not fully persuaded, we're staggering. We're we're not tied. We're not anchored to an absolute. And when doubt and unbelief comes, we're blown back and forth. But in order to be fully in order to stagger not at the promises of God, you got to be fully persuaded &gt;&gt; that once you're fully persuaded and the reason Abraham was fully persuaded was we we brother would teach us that there was three covenants, right? The covenant between God and Adam which Adam broke. The covenant between God and Noah which Noah would break, you know, and then there was the covenant between Abraham and God which was an unconditional covenant. Not what you can do but what I can do. That's the reason Abraham could rest. He could be fully persuaded because the covenant was not hinging on what I can do. It's hinging on what he's already done. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's why we can rest in the promises of God. It's not hinging on what you can do or how good you can do or the works you can do. If you if you can speak in tongues or or if you can dance the aisles or shout and run across the pews, but it's only can you believe. Can you believe what God has already given you? Not what you can do. It's what God can already what he's already done. Brother Brandon would tell us the basis of our faith is the covenant is an everlasting covenant. So he was persuaded because it was an everlasting covenant. And it's incredible because I believe we can rest and and I and I'll close on this thought here. I believe we can rest upon the promises of God. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. In order to be a pilgrim, you have to know what you're after, you can achieve. And I and I hope this is all coming together this morning. You have to know what you're after, you can achieve. Cuz if not, you're going to stop in the middle of the way. &gt;&gt; You're going to stop in the middle of the journey. But the Brandon would tell us in order to be perseverant, right? He would say, you have to know what you're after and you have to know if you can achieve it or not. &gt;&gt; Right? If you know you can't achieve it, you're never going to be persevering. But I believe we can rest in the promises of God. Brother Brandon would say this here in perfect faith. He would say, "His spirit is here. He knows you. You've got one thing to do. That's to believe it and to accept it." And it's incredible because he would say this at the beginning of a prayer line. And then he would stop and would say, "Jim, do you believe he knows about that baby that took fever a few hours before you left? It was 105." And so, Brother Brandham didn't just know the guy's name. He knew he had a child. He didn't just know the child, but he knew he had a fever. And he knew the exact temperature of that fever. And he says, "Do you believe he will heal it?" And what's incredible was, Brother Brandham would be conditioning them to receive this. Before he ever discerned a life, he would say, "You've got one thing to do. That's accept it and believe it." So, you're not trying to work up a vision. All you're doing is accepting and believing what the vision has already said. Another place, brother Brandham, he he would he would talk about nervousness because many times if we nervousness and fear makes us uneasy where we can't rest in the promises of God and brother Brandon would talk about nervousness and in one place he at the beginning of a prayer line, he would stop and would say, "I'm waiting for him." And he says, "If he shows up, he he'll know your needs. He can discern your heart. And he he would stop and we say, "Don't be nervous now. Be reverent." He says, "Don't he says, "You'll never get anything if you're nervous." And it's incredible because the devil wants us to become nervous. &gt;&gt; He wants us to become fearful of the promises of God or where we'll be disappointed. You know, brother Brandon was saying in one place, you're scared it won't happen. You're nervous that that you're going to be disappointed if you actually step out in faith and and believe that that your child can be saved or believe God can heal your body or or believe God can change your life and deliver you from drugs or alcohol or whatever it is. And it's fear that is keeping you from just resting in what God promised that you can achieve. And so, Brother Brandham stops. He says nervousness will never get you anywhere. But he says just be reverent. And what I think is powerful is there's a difference between godly fear and the fear that the devil brings. Right? Because the Bible tells us the beginning of knowledge is the fear of God. I believe I think that's what it is. And the devil comes and he wants you to become afraid of God. Right? But the brand tells the difference. He says the fear of the Lord is not being afraid of God. It reverence God. &gt;&gt; So the devil wants you to be afraid of God if I make a mistake or this or that. and he puts fear upon you where you can't rest in the promise of God. So, brother Brown in this prayer line says don't be nervous but be reverent and nervousness is a form of fear. So, in other words, you're not fearing it's not going to happen but you're reverencing the Lord that you know he can do it. &gt;&gt; I don't want to do anything that you know and hope this is okay. I remember as a teenager that that anytime mom would say, "Hey, dad want you." I would get freaked out. I'm sure y'all know what I'm talking about. Hey, Dad, I want you. What did I do wrong? It's not that I was scared of him. There was a respect there, right? I didn't want to do anything that that that would would not get his approval. And that's the respect towards God, right? We don't want to do anything that brings this approval from almighty God. So, we're not afraid of him. We're respecting him. We're reverencing him. And where there's a reverence, so in this par, brother Brandon would say, don't be nervous. Just read the be reverent. And then he says, "Oh, there he is." He says, "Now he's here." What was it? He got them from being afraid of the supernatural, afraid of disappointing God to respecting God. Then God can walk in the midst. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And then, Brother Brandon said, "What? This one over here has this problem. This has that problem." What was it? He got them from being afraid to respecting. And then the word of God could come and speak to heart. And I believe that's the attitude of the bride, we're respecting God. We're not afraid of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're not afraid of God. And brother Brown would talk about how how that whenever the disciples was was upon the boat and the the storms was coming up and this is a powerful quote. He would say they looked and seen Jesus and he says it was their only hope and they were afraid of him. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; ain't that powerful? The only hope they had for survival was coming their direction. And they was afraid of him. Too many times we're afraid to step out on the promises of God. Afraid to step out on the message. Afraid to step out and say, "This is what I believe." &gt;&gt; So, we're not afraid of what we believe. &gt;&gt; We're not afraid. We're standing firmly upon the promises of God. Let our musicians come this morning. &gt;&gt; We're not afraid. Brother Brandham must say now perfect faith just like perfect love casts out all fear. &gt;&gt; And so we're resting in the promises of God. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; That's that that's something that we all have to do as Christians. And I and I know this was simple this morning, &gt;&gt; but I hope it was okay that we have to rest. We're sold because there's no we can't rest in politics. We can't rest in in our social standings. We can't rest in President Trump or President Biden. We can't rest him in the pope. There's only one place we can rest. That's in heavens and earth will pass away. &gt;&gt; But my word will never fail. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's where we're resting at. Brother Brandon would tell us that the great miracle of Noah's day was Noah being able to rest in the ark. &gt;&gt; Ain't that powerful? The miracle wasn't the ark. The miracle was him being able to rest in the ark. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The miracle is you resting in this message in this generation resting that God has promised. And my brother Brown, I'm going to talk about Ruth and then I'm closing. He would talk about Ruth and would say, "If Ruth could have only found favor in the eyes of Boaz, then she could rest." And we know what happened. She found favor in the eyes of Boaz. Then she could rest. And we have found favor in the eyes of Almighty God. And we're resting. Let's bow our heads this morning. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, I ask that you would take the the pieces this morning, Lord, and bring it together in the hearts of your people. But Lord, we're all upon a journey. We're a pilgrim. We're a stranger. We don't fit in. But Lord, we're not left alone. You've elected us for this. You've called us for this generation. You've called us. You You place trust in us. And Lord, it's because of that trust we want to reverence you. We don't want to bring disapproval. We don't want to bring dishonor to your name or to this word. But Lord, we're striving, Lord, and we're thankful for the grace that you've given us. Lord, &gt;&gt; you've given us a message that says we can. We're the rapturing generation, but you've also given us a rapturing grace where we can just rest in it. We're riding on it this morning. Lord, if there's some here this morning that ain't resting, they're still fighting in their own works. They're trying to work their way into it. Lord, may there be a day of rest for them. May there be a such a dying out to your word that they can accept the invitation that us knocking on their door today. We love you father in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh all is well. [Music] We have heard the message. All is well. &gt;&gt; Let me stand and sing it this morning. For there is a place, a perfect rest behind the end. &gt;&gt; So rest little bride. rest for all is well. [Music] &gt;&gt; Can we sing it again as we turn it to our pastor now? &gt;&gt; All is well. [Music] All is well. [Music] We have heard the message shalom. All is well. [Music] Well, for there is a place, a perfect rest behind the inner ve. Oh, [Music] little bit of brown. For all is well. Aren't you glad that all is well? We've There's a lot of religious voices. There's so many voices. just so many. And it's no wonder that the Bible prophesies [Music] that the day when Jesus comes, he's he's going to be asking the question, will he asked the question, when I do come, will I find faith on the earth? So the question is faith. Now we understand that the Bible says faith comes by hearing and hearing understanding not just hearing the word because many will hear but faith comes by understanding. So the question is that Jesus was saying, "I'm going to return, but when I return, will there be a faith?" And a faith is that burning anticipation for a promise, burning anticipation for God's word to be fulfilled. But then the scripture says in Revelations that when he comes it'll be a day where it is lukewarm. He says you're He says I wish you were cold. I I wish you were just cold ranked sinners or hot on fire for me. But he says but lukewarm. I can't stand lukewarm condition. I wish you were in or you were out. But to but to be religious and then to harbor things in your heart or to be religious and and not not not live fire for the word. He said it's like you're lukewarm. I'll spew you out of my mouth. He says, "For you say that you are increased with goods and you have need of nothing and that you're all but he says, but I say you're blind, you're wretched, you're miserable, and you don't even know it." So, this is the condition that the church is going to be in before Jesus comes. This is this is going to be the condition that everyone is just all religious. Everyone's got their own thing going. But he's also promised that there would be a restoration. Joel says there would be a restoration. He says there were the there were the He says the the the four insects that would eat up the tree. Y'all remember that? the caterpillar and the locust and the palm worm and the polorm. The these would all eat up the tree. But then the scripture says in the book of Joel, I will restore saith the Lord. I'm going to restore. So here it is. We've we're we're in the laxness and and the whole world is claiming to be but there's no one really with fervent fire or there's not very many people. But there's going to be an elect. And that people is not going to just be satisfied. Oh, I've got a Bible and I and I believe in God. That will not get you in a rapture. Oh, I go to church. I've been baptized. So, that's all it that will not get you into the kingdom of heaven. God is coming with his Holy Spirit and he's drawing our hearts and he's saying, "Listen, come out of that lukewarm condition. Come out of this. Well, I'm just fine." You've got to get fervent. He wants you to get fervent with his word. And so, what does he do? He'll send a messenger just like he did. He sent a Moses and declaring, "Amen. You've got to come out of Egypt. you belong in that other land. Come out." And they didn't want to come out. And then God be to allow pressure and things to come. And before you know it, Amen. They begin to cry out, "Okay, because God had another land for them." Hallelujah. He sent a Noah. And Anoah says, "Listen, you've got to get fervent about this. Get into this ark. God's fixing to strike. God judgment is fixing to come." He said to John the Baptist, "Listen, you got to come out of Judaism. There's coming one. The son of God is coming. And you've got to hear that. Amen. And so is it in this day. He says, "Behold, I'm going to send you an Elijah. I'm going to send you an Elijah, the prophet." And you've got to hear that voice. &gt;&gt; Be fervent about it. Be fervent about it. He's going to take you back to the Bible. Now, be fervent with this belief in the Bible. Listen, my words are still true. &gt;&gt; My Bible is still true, but listen. Be fervent. And he's done that in this day. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I'm glad that we can look at the Bible and not with the old Amen. the old stale eyes, but God's come in our generation to say, "Hey, I want you to really look at it because my word is true. And I'm going to rapture. And I want you to be ready." Friends, I'm glad to say that I'm a stranger and a sojourer in this land. I'm glad that I've heard something say, "Wendle, Wendle, wake up, wake up, Wendle. Don't sit there dead in a pew. Don't sit there in dead religion. Wake up, Wendle. I'm I'm going to rapture you. You got to start looking at things according to this Bible. Come back to the Bible, for my Bible is true." Not what you think, not what you want to accept, but come back and accept it. Amen. And I say today, I'm so glad that God is calling us. Aren't you glad that you're not one of those little water spiders caught in the net? Aren't you glad you're not one of those turtles or snakes in the net? That when God came after you, he came after he came after the rainbow trout. He's come after the elect. He come after you. Amen. The net didn't he didn't throw the net out for the snakes. steaks got in it. But he came for the fish. And I say today that God's got some trophy fish in here. Some rainbow trout in here. And God says, "These are my trophies. This is what I've been after." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for that here today? Amen. The Holy Spirit. So I say, "Come out of her, my people." What What was that? Now remember, it was in the last angel's message that the scream come out in the book of Revelations. Come out of her, my people, and I will be your God. Now, who is this her she was talking about? It was that church. If you were to look there in in in the book of Revelations, the 17th chapter, you would find that there would be a church that would be calling itself the bride of Christ. But but but God says, "Oh no, she's full of iniquity. That church would be full of of blasphemous names. That church would be," he says, "But the cry was, come out of her because I am fixing to call you into a rapture." So, I just want to let you know here this morning, you're not sitting in this church building just to be setting. We've got an ambition. It's time to go home. I know discouragement comes. I know we fight. And I just want to tell you, keep on fighting. If you've got a if you've got to fight every every moment of your day and every day of your life, you keep on fighting because you're a son and daughter of God. Hallelujah. Satan wouldn't be fighting you so hard today if if you weren't a son or a daughter of God. But you are a son and you are a daughter. So keep on fighting. Get some ambition about you and keep on pressing because that one that called you will not fail you. Well, can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Help me, Lord. I want a heart that is humble. Amen. A heart I want I want to be real. I want to be right. Let my heart be pure, undefiled. All is well. Hallelujah. Don't mean to get back up and preach another sermon, but man, that was that was good preaching this morning. I have heard the message. Shalom. What is shalom? Peace. All is well. That's what Jesus said. Shalom. The peace that I give you. For there is a place. Where is that place? It's his word. We're just believing you, Lord. We're believing you. Oh, rest, little brow. Rest for all is well. All is well. Is there someone in here today that maybe &gt;&gt; not everything is well for you with your soul? Maybe you've been religious, but you hear a voice saying, "I need to come out. I need to come higher." We want to give you that opportunity here this morning. If you feel the need, the tug, if father's voice is saying, "Come on home." Oh, for there is a place of per rest behind the end. Oh, rest little bride for all is well. [Music] Praise the Lord. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh yes, greater is he. Greater is he is greater than he that is in the world. Oh yes, Satan's like a roaring lion roaming to and fro. He's seeking whom he may devour the Bible. Oh many souls has been his prey to fallen some weak cow. Oh glory God has promised us today is over. [Music] Oh yeah. Greater is he, greater, greater. Oh, so much greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Well, glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Well, we want to say that it's it's just uh it's so good to see Amber and her son Theo with us here uh this morning. God bless y'all. Good to have you all. And um and good to see Sister Dena with Sister Pam. And we missed you last week, Sister Pam. And u uh just just so good always good to see Sister Dena when she's able to come. And and God bless you. And um uh we you know we I I was visiting all of our friends here on this this third row here. Visiting them uh a week or two ago and boy they were just coming out of sickness. Sister uh Kathy had just got out of the hospital and and boy everyone was all sick around that that around that part of the area. But we're just glad and so they come to church this morning and then brought some brought some family members with them. So my goodness, just so good to have all of our friends from Henrietta. Amen. And um and so uh uh our our our now I now sister Gail, good to see you. Now I should remember this one right here. And I I forgot your name. Huh? &gt;&gt; Tina. So Tina, that's an easy one. Amen. I got to remember. And that is this your brother? &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, Tina and Owen. Well, God bless you, Tina and Owen. Good to have you all here with us. And um Amen. We just say God bless you. And then uh uh just I was thinking about um I was looking back there and seeing Brother Bosow. Good to see you. We've been missing you. God bless you. And uh I I love Bosow and um uh just it's just really been good to to have you in church. And so we're just glad to have all of our visitors and u uh this this uncle friend of brother Joe. So just good to have everyone this morning. Amen. I know I'm just repeating what brother Merrtles's already said. Just good to have everyone. Amen. Of course, it's good to see Thelma back in the saddle. Amen. She Amen. Need to keep her in the saddle and that'd be good. Amen. But uh but we're glad to Good to see you, Sister Thelma. Um all right. Well, God richly bless all of you. Let's see. Have we have we missed anybody else here? We're uh Amen. Just good. You know, we're just always glad to see everyone in the house of the Lord and and uh love love every one of you. Praise the Lord. All right. Well, um Oh, yeah. Okay. We got it dismissed, but uh we got we had some hunters that uh we let's see. I think we had five these young men get deer over the weekend. And so, uh, so we're we're glad for that. And, um, uh, Sime got his that was his first deer. And so, so we were just really proud of, of of, of uh, Simei there. And, and, and then Kylin got his first buck. And uh so well I think I think a a lot of them got their first buck, but we're not going to talk about how how nice that rack was. Amen. [Laughter] And uh but anyways, it it was a dear. So, but so we're we are we are really proud of of these young men and um and I I want to say here uh Austin and Dylan, you know, they're they're they're bow hunters and they have been going after deer. uh they took off, you know, they're they're they're adults now, so they can't hunt with with the youth and um so they've been hunting with with their bows and they are chasing some big deer that they have seen. And so and they've been they they've been hunting every night, but they left their stands uh to take these young men out to go hunting. And I say, God bless both of them. [Music] and um taking them out with the rifle and and getting them out there on deer and and so I don't know. I'm just I'm just glad to be a part of our little group right here in Pawne, America and and and love every every one of you and I'm sure proud of the young ones that's coming up. Aren't you glad for our young people? Amen. I'm I'm thankful for our young people. All right. Well, let's um as we dismiss uh we've got food at the fellowship hall and we just like to have as uh all of you all you visitors, we're going to have room for you and so make sure you come and eat with us and and uh we would we would love that. Amen. What are we going to sing as we dismiss, brother Kobe? &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh yeah. All the way. I'm going all the way. Going all the way with the Lord. Oh, I have made my decision. Know it all the way. Made my choice. Oh, I know it all. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; We love you. &gt;&gt; We pray God's blessings upon every one of you. Amen. Glor all the way with the Lord. Oh, there is no turning back. I'm going all the way. No turning around. I'm going all the way for turning back. Throw it all the way. Go it all the way with the Lord. Oh, I have drawn the line. Going all the way back. Going all the way. I have drawn the line. I'm going all the way.
