################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 2025-06-08 Bro Wendall Martin The Bedroom - Wendall Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    2025-06-08 Bro Wendall Martin "The Bedroom"
Speaker:  Wendall Martin
Church:   New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ocud0nJDq4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] my highest praise. Oh, I magnify with hands lifted high. I offer up the sacrifice of praise. Lord, I seek your face in this holy place. Create in me a clean heart. Let my tongue proclaim your preious name. You alone deserve my highest praise. Oh Lord, I magnify with hands lifted high. I offer up the sacrifice of praise. Oh Lord, I seek your face in this holy place. Create in me a clean heart. Let my tongue proclaim your preious name. You alone deserve my highest praise. I magnify with hands lifted high. I offer up the sacrifice of praise. Lord, I seek your face in this holy place. Create in me a clean heart and let my tongue proclaim your preious name. You alone deserve my highest praise. Oh Lord, I magnify with hands lifted high. I offer up the sacrifice of praise. Lord, I seek your faith to God. Holy place. Create in me a clean heart. Let my tongue proclaim your preious name. You alone deserve my highest praise. Lord I magnify with hands lifted high. I offer up the sacrifice of praise. Lord, I seek your face in this holy [Music] place. Amen. And if you come to offer up a sacrifice, praise, let's stand at our feet one more time. Praise. Oh, I magnify. With hands lifted high, I offer up this sacrifice of praise. Lord, I see your face in this holy place. Create in me a clean heart. Let my tongue proclaim your preious name. You alone deserve the highest praise. Last line. You alone deserve the highest [Music] praise. Let the redeemed say so that I know him and I know that he deserves the highest praise for what he's just done for me. Can you say that? Amen. And he comes. Amen. And he wants us to seek him this morning. Put in his word, seek ye first the kingdom of heaven, and all these other things will be addited to you. Oh, but we're so worried about all the other things, Brother Joe. Amen. The car breaks down, the bills late. Amen. We got a water leak. Oh, I could go on and on, Sister Tracy. Amen. I'd run out of breath. Amen. But he's the one that gives us an eternal breath. So why should we worry about the temporal things that will pass away? Why can't we look to the unseen this morning? Amen. The God that hears and answers. Amen. Are you glad to be in this house this morning to give him praise? Give him one more praise this morning. So good to see everybody. Amen. Good to see sister Holderness right here. Amen. She snuck in. Amen. Good to have her. And uh Brother Jimmy and sister Betty back with us all the way from Henrietta. Amen. Applegate. Got to put that Applegate in there, don't we, brother Jimmy? Amen. Also, Amen. Over here we've got uh uh Bosow. Good to have you back with us, buddy. Amen. Weston. Amen. Keep that hair short. Amen. Got to give him a hard time. Amen. Good to see him this morning. Amen. We do have those that are missing, but uh so look around and Amen. Let's uh remember them and believe that God's got good things in store for us this today. Amen. Because God is good. Amen. All the time. As we sing this indeed. Amen. I want you to turn around and tell somebody this morning, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good and all the time through the darkest night his light still shines. God is good. God is good all the time. If you're [Music] walking through a valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is [Music] good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light still shines. God is [Music] good. God is good. All the [Music] time we were sinners so unworthy still for us he chose to die and he filled us with his spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy it will never fail. God is good all the time through the song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light still shines. God is good. God is good all the time. Put your hands together. Sing it in. God is [Music] good all the time. Put a song of praise in this part of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light still shines. God is good. God is good all the time. Give him a hand clap of praise. If he's been good to you, Amen. Tell him you thank him for it. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Just an old little ver. Amen. Let's try try to get the beat on it. What a lovely name. The name of Jesus, reaching higher far. Oh, the brightest star. Oh, it's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Oh, let the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. Oh, and what a lovely name, the name of [Music] Jesus. Oh, reaching higher far. Oh, then the brightest star. Oh, it's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Oh, we ought to be able to sing it here. saints proclaim. Oh, what a lovely name. Put your hands together one more time. Oh, and what a lovely name. The name of Jesus. Oh, reaching higher far. Open that brightest star. Oh, it's sweeter than the song they sing in heaven. Oh, let the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. Let the saints Oh, let the saints proclaim what a lovely name. Amen. Jesus, you're the sweetest one of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Oh Jesus, you pick me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest. The sweetest. Oh, can we tell him this morning? Sing that again. Oh Jesus, you're the sweetest one of all. Oh Jesus, no wonder you have such a sweet name. Oh Jesus, you pick me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, the sweetest one of all. Oh Jesus, how I love to praise your name. Oh Jesus, you're still the first, the last, the same. Oh Jesus, you died and took away my shame. You're the sweetest, the sweetest one of all. Oh Jesus, you're the soon and coming king. Oh Jesus, we need the love that you can bring. Oh Jesus, we lift our voices up and sing. You're the sweetest, the sweetest. Oh, sing that first verse again as they come for the offering. Oh Jesus, won't you just give him a wave offering this morning? Lord, I believe you're the sweetest one of all. Oh Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Oh Jesus, you pick me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, the sweetest one of them all. Oh, you're the sweetest, the sweetest one of [Music] all. As we bow our heads, Amen. for the offering. Yes, brother. Amen. Mike, that's the blessing. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to come into your house, Lord. Lord, just bless these tithes and these offerings, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Hell Jesus. All hell king Jesus and all hell [Music] Emmanuel. Still the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords and the bright morning star. [Music] And throughout [Music] eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with him. One more time. Oh hell, King Jesus. And oh hell, I [Music] Emmanuel to the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords and the bright morning. Oh, he wants us to know who he is this morning. Oh, and throughout [Music] eternity I'm going to praise him and forever. Ever more I will reign with him and forever more. Oh, and [Music] forever more I will reign with him. Can you give him a praise? Oh, are you looking forward to it? Eternity never began. It can never end. Amen. Oh, but as I travel through this pilgrim land, Amen. There's a friend who walks with me. As I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. Oh, he leads me safely through the sinking sand. It is the Christ of Calary. And this would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. For I need thy light to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. Will I need you? How about it, brother Donald? Amen. Is holding our hand. Oh through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy saving power and hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh, let's go on. Will let me travel in the light divine that I may see that blessed [Music] way and keep me that I may be holy. thine and sing redemption song someday. Will I will be a soldier brave and true and ever firmly? How about a [Music] church? As I onward go and daily meet the foe. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Well, Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, my feet are getting happy this morning. How about it, elders? [Music] through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy sen power and hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh, can we sing one more verse? Well, when I wonder through this valley towards the setting of the sun, then lead me safely to a land of rest. If I a crown of life have won, well, I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, that I may reach the golden strength. There's no other friend on whom I can depend. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Well Jesus, hold my hand. Well, I need you this very hour and through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy saving power and hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold on. When I kneel in prayer, and when I kneel in prayer, I always meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, give him a big praise this morning. Lord, we [Applause] pray. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. He's never failed me. Every time I fell, he picked me up. Amen. Those footprints on the sands of time just became his footprint sometimes. How about it, elders? Amen. It's been a trial. It's been a journey. Amen. But he's been there every step of the way. He said, "I'll never leave you or forsake you. I'll be with you, even in you till the end of the world." Amen. What a what a great thing that is this morning. Amen. That he's holding our hand. Amen. God bless you this morning. I want to hear Sister Len this morning. How many wants to hear? She She's going to She's going to have that look on her face like all my grandkids do. But I will just give her a chance to get a song together. Amen. We'll just slow it down a little bit and sing that I hunger and thirst for you. I believe that's also indeed. I might need help. Amen. You You may be seated. Just uh I don't want to wear you out this morning. I I hunger and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst for [Music] you in the desert of my need. You're the fountain that I seek. You're the living water I keep running to. I hunger and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst. Oh, can we sing it one more time? I hunger and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst for you. Heaven's mana bread of life. Fill this emptiness inside. Nothing else can satisfy me like you do. I hunger and thirst for you. I hunger and thirst for you. [Music] We is your burden weighing heavy. Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell [Music] you all and you're desperate for some healing. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Where there rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. In hallelujah, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You can wipe away your tears from broken dreams and wasted tears until the past disappear. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. In all the wrong turns that you would going undo if you could, he can work it out for your good. And let me tell you about my Jesus. He made me where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. Good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Hey, let my Jesus change your life. [Music] Hallelujah. And hallelujah and hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who can take my cross to Calary? Who can pray for guilty? Who would care that much about me? Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Rises up from empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me touch my Jesus and let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. And hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Woo. Amen. He makes a way where there is no way. Let me tell you about my Jesus that all things work together for the good that them that love him and are called according to his purpose. Amen. All things work together for the good. Amen. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Amen. If you know him, would you stand to your feet as we invite the man of God to come? Amen. Just had this course on my heart. Amen. About my Jesus. Amen. That he is Lord. He's Lord. That means he's over everything. He's Lord of lords. Amen. So, if you'll help me sing this this morning and invite him into our presence and as the man of God would come. Amen. For he is Lord. Yes, he is Lord. [Music] And he has risen from the dead. And he is Lord. [Music] And every knee shall bow. And every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Make it personal now. Oh, he's my [Laughter] Lord. Oh, he's my [Music] Lord. And he has risen from the dead. And he's my Lord. [Music] Oh, every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ, oh, he's still Lord. You can make him Lord this morning and sing it one more time. For he is Lord. [Music] Oh, every time confess that Jesus [Music] Hallelujah. Can we just sing it one more time? Yes. He is Lord. He is Lord. He Lord. Yes. Yes. He has risen from the dead. And he is Lord. Oh every knee. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. every tongue confess that [Music] Jesus Christ is [Music] Lord. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful that in this day and in this generation that there is still something within the heart of man that is willing to make Jesus Lord. Lordship is is so incredible because it's it's giving it's giving of yourself over to him. It's it's accepting his viewpoints over yours. It's giving up your rights and saying, "Lord, here I am. Be to me what you would have uh want me to be. Reflect yourself through me." And I think it's a it's a wonderful day because the scripture says that he's calling a bride out of this day for his soon return. Giving of ourselves to him. Do you love him here tonight? I love him here tonight for this morning. Praise the Lord. So good to see everyone here today. And um Amen. Uh we are so thankful for God's amazing love to us and what crazy weather we have had this year, huh? And but it has been nice to be in June and and still have some cool mornings and cool evenings and and so that's been nice. Let's look here in the book of Revelations. Yeah, we're going to start Revelations 21 and1. appreciate brother Merl and the musicians this morning and uh sure enjoyed Len's song and uh Amen. and she's right here if y'all email she's right there. But uh so we appreciate u uh we love Len a whole bunch and we we sure appreciate uh all of God's blessings and all of God's people. Amen. And good good to see Bosow back there. God bless you. And uh just it's just been such so wonderful to have uh Patrick back in church and see the Lord uh blessing him and and uh and so we're of course Stacia and the baby and just just the whole family back there. And um you know um we look there at at uh Weston as he's growing up and and good good to see him coming to church. And so we're just glad for what God's doing to for the family. And um so let's look here at Revelations 21 and then we'll let you have your seats. It says, "I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away, and there were no more sea, and I, John, saw the holy city, Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a great voice out of heaven, saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men. He will dwell with them and they shall be his people and God himself shall be with them and be their God and God shall wipe away all their tears all tears from their eyes and there shall be no more death neither sorrow near nor crying neither shall there be any pain for the former things are passed away and he that sat upon the throne be said behold I make all things new and he said unto me night for these things are true and faithful. And he said unto me, it is done. I am Alpha and Omega of the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is a thirst of the fountain of water of life freely. He that overcomemeth shall inherit all things, and I will be his God, and he shall be my sons. And but the fearful and unbelieving and abominable and murderers and whoreongers and sorcerers and idolattors and liars shall have their part in the lake which burns with fire and brimstone, which is the the second death. And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, and I will show thee the bride, the lamb's wife. And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and showed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, having the glory of God. And her light was like unto stone, most precious, even like as jasper stone. Crystal, a clear as crystal. And we're just going to uh stop right there. And I want to minister a little bit this morning on the on the bride o of Jesus and the invisible union of the bride. Aren't you glad that there is a a a union? Amen. That God is is making the bride ready. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you for your many blessings and for your presence that we feel here this morning. And I pray, Lord, that you would uh come in a in in a in a real special way like only you can, Lord. For Lord, you're the one who Lord, who can make all things new. And we ask Lord that you would uh just be here in a real special way. Dad's not feeling well this morning at home and and I'm asking Lord that you help him. Father having a hard time keeping the oxygen up today. I just ask Lord that you would breathe into him and that you would help him today Lord. Oh God, we look to you and we thank you for your goodness. Thank you Lord for the miracles Lord. Thank you for the healings that are in process now. Father, we report for duty today. We ask Lord that you would speak through your servant. In Jesus name we pray. Can the church say amen? Amen. And amen. God bless you. You may be seated. We have talked a little bit uh about the the um these this old body of this old house of clay that we that we live in and and um lots of lots of uh uh you know things that that that we go through and and um man uh we as we live in this old in this veil of flesh. But yet the new birth has done something so incredibly different in us. And of course we understand that our relationship with God is not just attending a church service. It is not um uh living a uh living a better life. But our relationship with the Lord is is there is a genuine process that has taken place. We have entered in to a relationship with the Lord. Amen. We are his bride. Amen. Not we are not a church member but we are the bride of Jesus Christ. That is we have been chosen of the Lord. We have been called of the Lord. And the Lord has amen come in this day and has performed a marriage. It's called the invisible union of the bride of Christ. We're not going to be married, but we are joining with him in marriage through his word. His word is becomes our absolute. We become impregnated. our heart becomes impregnated with his word. So when we talk about the the the tabernacle as we did on Wednesday night that there were the outer courts and there was the holy place and the most holy place and then we took that as the believer that you are a three room house body spirit and soul. Amen. Now you're still going to work with in the body. You're still using the spirit to think and to communicate. Amen. What you think then you speak. You have the five gates of the of of the of communication with of your body. Seeing, tasting, feeling, uh hearing, amen, eyesight. You you've got those five channels that you communicate with. And then you've got the five channels of your spirit man. It's your imagination. And as as I said the other night, I heard someone say one time, "My car." Amen. So if you just remember that M for memory, imagination, and and then it goes on down conscience and affections and and you you you work through those spirits. That's that's your the invisible realm there. But the inside of the inside is where is where God comes in. And there is something that takes place. The new birth takes place there. It comes from the genuine word seed. Um being impregnated in your heart. Amen. There is a change that takes place. Jesus was telling them as he was fixing to to go to Calvary, John 15 and 15. and and that whole that whole scripture is is wonderful because he is he is uh preparing them and telling them that I'm I I'm I'm I'm going but there's going to be uh the my my spirit I'm going to come and live within that third compartment. I'm going to live in the bedroom of your three- room house. Amen. I'm going to and and he says there in John 15:15, "Henceforth I call you not servants, for the servant knows not what his Lord does, but I have called you friends. For all things that I have heard of my father, I have made known unto you." This was going to be a relationship change. Amen. A servant is I you I want you to listen to me. I want you to do what I'm telling you to do. Amen. And and he sent them from place to place. He he was they they were his servant. They were coming reporting for duty. But here he is expressing something. He is revealing himself, letting them know the full plan. He was things were fixing to open up to them. things that don't happen. Amen. In in the kitchen or the the living room, but there was fixing to be h a a a revelation of himself, his word unto them. Amen. And and I I want to say that in this day, the word that has come is is more than just God sending a prophet. Now, we're thankful for that word of a prophet, but don't get hung up. Don't get hung up, Amen. on the on the outer veil of of what God was bringing. Don't get hung up on the flesh because that is that was simply uh uh the vessel that God used to bring that word to us. Amen. And and and uh but the word that was brought to us in in in this day is to is is from a changing it was a a changing of of dispensations. We have gone through the son of man uh uh we uh the son of god dispensation through the holy ghost uh uh uh uh through these seven church ages. But the promise was right before the coming of the lord that it would be the revealing of the son of man. It would be the word taking on a body again. Not just organizations, not just attending a church, but there would be literally a marriage take place between the word and the flesh. And that there would be flesh becoming word as it was with Jesus Christ. Jesus was the fulfillment of all of the Old Testament. He was the fulfillment of everything God was doing. All of the words, all of the types, all of the shadows, everything of the Old Testament was now going to be bodily in the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. So when you seen Jesus, the body, Amen. the the the the flesh, then you could see the word of God because the word had married. The word and flesh had united together. Amen. He was the product of a virgin birth. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. And so he was not a servant though he done nothing except the father for showing. He was not a Amen. He was he was the God of glory revealed in flesh. He had the preeminence of God within him. Amen. Now as we talk about this changing, amen, we are we we ourselves have have gone in justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost, then the word becoming a having the preeminence within our hearts. Amen. And and and we've gone through those stages, but God is not wanting us to be servants. God's wanting us to be his bride. Amen. He wants us to be his bride. And with that with that new birth, amen, you are now married to the son of man. You're united with the word, impregnated with the word. And there is a change of mindset. Amen. You're when a person the the the the the change of position is everything. And I think this is something that I I I I really want to stress this morning. the changing of position. Amen. Because if we don't get that, I I I feel that we're not really catching what God is trying to say to the believer because the re the reality that God is wanting in every one of us. He is wanting an Adam and Eve that knows the father's will, does nothing but the father's will and and can take dominion and authority here on the earth. Amen. Now, you can't do that if you're identifying with the person that you're seeing in the mirror. You cannot do that if you are identifying. Amen. Uh with your with your spirit, imaginations, affections, amen, conscience, memories. Remember those two go hand in hand. Body and spirit goes hand in hand. But the Holy Spirit through the opening of the word is now going to separate. Amen. Is going to divide the soul from that spirit flesh realm. Amen. The word of the day. Remember there in in in Hebrews 4, it is to separate a sunder, separate, divide. Amen. The God part from the human part. Amen. God was going to separate that so that you can understand where where we are. Hallelujah. Now, it did not say that the word was going to separate spirit from body. Amen. So, you're never going to get to the point to where this body is not going to be affected by your imagination, your memory, and your reasonings. It'll never get there. I don't care how spiritual you get. I don't care how big of a preacher you are. I don't care how wonderful of a singer you are. I don't care how much of an angel you be. You will never separate your spirit, your conscience, memory, affections from your body. But there will be a separation from that soul. And that soul was the one that was made in the image of God. God made that soul in his very own image. And he gave the soul, not the spirit, not the body. He gave the soul the dominion over the devil. Well, hallelujah. Amen. Can you say amen? So when this when this revelation comes the revealing of the son of man again what was the son of man in the old testament a son of man was the prophet it was the word made clear to the prophet and the prophet revealed it to the people it was the word made clear to uh to Isaiah a virgin shall conceive. Amen. And that word circled the globe for 800 years and then it lodged into the womb of Mary. Amen. And there when the angel came and said uh beh you you are highly favored among all women and you're going to produce this word child. And she said be it unto me according to thy word. Can you say amen? So this this this word that has come today. Amen. Is a changing amen. It's a it's a changing of position. Somebody say a changing of position. I'm not a servant. I'm not a church member. I'm the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, you cannot be a ruler and then be be be uh uh uh uh moved by every circumstance that comes around. The word is the ruler. The word is the authority. The word is our everything. It's our all and all. Can you say amen? Amen. It can never be changed. It should never be changed. It's got to be thus saith the Lord. And that word must be carried out. Amen. That's right. Amen. A change. A changing. It's a it's it's it's a revolution. It's it's it's an establishment. It's it's an established uh uh a a new set of of of attitudes. It's Amen. It's it it becomes the the the the thought pattern that will defeat the devil. Amen. Now, brother Brandham in the first seal, he would say he he said it would be known in this last days, but it comes forth in a church symbol. You understand a church, you you it comes forth a symbol of a church that that they know there is a seal, but that's that uh but just what it is yet, they don't know because it's just a white horse rider. It's only to be revealed in the last day when this actual seal is broke. Broken to who? Not to Christ cuz Christ already knows who it is. But to the church. Oh my, that just makes me tremble. I hope that the church truly understands it. See what I mean? You people, I'm going to call you bride so that you understand it. Amen. So, he's letting us know now God is not doing these things in the last day for himself. He's doing it for you because he's wanting to lift you up out of this flesh so that the word can have dominion in you like it did in Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ was the bridegroom and you are his bride. Jesus was the f word made flesh and so is the bride. Word made flesh. Amen. Now y'all remember that. Amen. So remember the the three sons names there. There was Jesus was to come a as as the son of man. That's God in a body. Then he was to come as amen as as a son of God. That's the Holy Ghost in the church. Amen. Perfecting his church, bringing his church up. And then he is also supposed to be uh the son of David. And he which would be sitting on the throne of David. But he's promised right before the coming of the Lord. Amen. Right before the millennium, there must come again the revelation of God in human flesh. Just as Jesus time on the earth was a small time. It was God on God in flesh. And so will it be today. It will be God in flesh right before the coming of the Lord. Amen. And I I want to tell you God can't be in your flesh and the power of God not reside. God cannot be in your flesh. Amen. If if God dwells in you, if his word has authority, then it has authority over your mind. Amen. It has authority on your feelings. It has authority over your attitudes. It has authority over it all. For God is still all powerful. Religion won't do it. You can't have authority if you're just religious. Amen. But that that one that knows all things has all power. Well, glory to God. Now remember, so the end time prophecy is for Jesus and his bride is to be married. Amen. Now, now, Brother Brandham would say in proving his word, he says, "Now remember, Amen. Uh, he says, "We're not talking." It was not Jesus talking to Abraham there who could discern the thoughts in Sarah's mind behind him. It was not Jesus. He had not yet been born. But it was a man in human flesh. A that Abraham called Elohim, the Almighty, the great Almighty, showing that Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, now watch close. In the days of Sodom, so will it be in the coming of the Son of Man when the Son of Man is being revealed. Not no more a church. See, not no more the bride is called. In that day, the son of man will be revealed. What? To join the church to the head. Unite the marriage of the bride. The bridegroom call will come right through this. When the son of man will come down, come in human flesh to unite the two together. The church has to be the word. He is the word and the two unites together. And to do that, it'll take the manifestation of the revealing of the son of man, not a clergyman. Amen. He's see it's um son of man Jesus Christ coming down in human flesh among us will make his word so real that it'll unite the church and him has won the bride. Then she'll go to the wedding supper. See she's Amen. She's already united. See we go to the wedding supper not the marriage. The rapture is going to the supper. When the word here unites with the uh uh with the person, they too become one. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Are you understanding? He says the son of man, the word and the church becomes one. And whatever the son of man done, he was the word. The church does the same thing. Amen. Hallelujah. So now what has taken place? This is why we've got to live in that those you you can h you've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but you've got to live. Hallelujah. Amen. I I know the these days there's a lot of you know, you can have your bedroom, but man, there's there's sleeping in the living room and and you know, but but bed bedroom is for rest. Amen. There's there's where you go. Uh uh you that that's that place of rest and relaxation. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. where God's word is is becomes you, where you take the word of God into your heart, where you become so impregnated with the words of life that it begins to dictate who you are. It you it be you you it becomes it becomes the life of God in you. Now you are still living in that body that you're that that you've always lived in. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. You're you're still living there. Amen. You're still fighting battles. You're still you've still got emotions, good and bad. You've still got these things that that that you are fighting. But the word of God has come to you. The word of God has claimed you. The word of God has separated you from the wrath of God that is to come. It's God's word that has separated you. Your flesh and spirit separated you from that eternal soul. Hallelujah. Can you say amen? That's why we stay behind the word. We stay behind the word. Now, and I'm not I'm not talking about staying behind the word. Well, I got baptized, right? I got I got uh you know, I'm I'm baptized in Jesus name. I I've I I I'm I'm doing the holiness. I'm living in holiness as far as what God has required me to do in this body. Amen. I I I I've God says it's an abomination for a woman to wear uh man's apparel, which is pants. So, the woman is saying, "Yes, my Lord, I am not going to wear pants. So help me. Amen. You'll never see another pair of pants on me because God says it's an abomination. And every one that does abomination will have their part in the lake of fire. Amen. But you see, we're beyond that now. Amen. We We're living the way God's asked. God God says for a woman to keep her hair long and and a guy to keep his hair short. That's what the Bible says in 1 Corinthians 11. We're no longer arguing about that. That is that's that's what the Bible says. The word has preeminence over us. The Bible says, Amen. Does not even nature teach you that it is a shame for a man to wear long hair? Amen. He says, it says it's a shame for a man to wear long hair. The Bible says it's a shame for a woman to wear that and and to look like a man. This is and and and listen to be honest with you. Amen. We wouldn't have this problem today that we have with this with with this uh uh uh gender identification. We wouldn't have we wouldn't have 64 Jennifer uh Hallelujah. gender identifications. Hallelujah. Yeah. 64 Jennifer. Amen. But there is there there's all these identifications because the word has no has no effect upon the people. Satan has full control of this world. Amen. That's right. But only the elect will the word have that effect in. It'll affect the way you dress. It'll affect the way you're baptized. It'll affect the way you go to church. It'll affect Amen. It it will ch the word will have will will will will will change you if you're a Christian because if you're going to be my disciples. He says if you're going to follow after me, take up your cross and follow me just as I Amen. as a man am taking up my cross and going to Calvary to die the death. I'm doing that because God in me is looking for redemption. Amen. And if you're going to follow me, you're going to be my bride. Then you're going to have to take up your cross and you've got to follow me as I am following God. Amen. Jesus would separate himself from God. I do nothing except the father first show me. But yet he was God. The scripture says he was the fullness of God in a body. But that body, we looked at the body, they looked at the body, they were mad at the body, they were trying to stone the body, they c kicked the body out of their churches. Amen. They killed the body. And he was the very god in flesh. Can you say amen? Amen. But his will was to do the will of God. And so is it with the bride. Amen. There is a union with that word. My meat, my desire, my craving is to do the will of God. Amen. I don't want my will. I don't care what that one says or that one says. I want God's word to have the absolute supreme authority in everything that I am. Can you say amen? Amen. But you see, we can go through that sanctification process and many times it becomes a religious order. We learning how we're to act. We're learning how we're to live and we fail to realize that God is wanting intimacy. Okay? that God is not wanting it to be rigid dos and don'ts, but it's the word to be made flesh in us. Amen. See, you can put on, you ladies can put on the skirt and still have a bad attitude about it. You can come to church and still have a bad attitude about it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Some of us are just going to get here late. Don't matter what the preacher says, brother Brandham says. It doesn't matter if an angel from God come down. It's just going to happen. It's the attitude about it. There's just a different attitude. God is it's just not important to come in and pray before. It's just not important. Amen. It's just it's just not there. And God's not interested in you coming to church. He wants an attitude change. He He don't care about this that well, I'm doing this. Well, I'm I'm there and I'm there. That's not what God's looking for. It's the attitude where we surrender to his word where our word is his word where we have that intimate time. Amen. Because his word is fixing to come and we don't want to just hear it here and make mental notes. We want it touching way down in our soul. We want to be impregnated. Spirit accepts it with the memory, conscience, and reasonings. It's got all that up here. Amen. We got too many that's accepting it. But the where it comes and separates it. There is where the passion of of the word is born is through the word seed itself. See, God's not looking at the dos and don'ts like we do. He's looking at impregnation of his word because it's only the word that separates us. The scripture says we are born again by the word, the incorruptible seed, not of the corruptible seed, the sexual seed, but of the incorruptible seed. So man, the Bible says the enmity uh the mind of man is enmity against God. It'll never accept it. It'll take it. It'll take it in the one, two, threes. But the mind cannot understand the nature of God. It just cannot do it. The nature of God, the living word is what took place in Jesus Christ. His passion was God. His passion led him. His the word become the very passion of Jesus Christ. And so will the word become the passion of the bride of Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Now, let me tell you this morning, someone say, "I love you, Brother Wend." Hallelujah. I want to tell you, you were not always a virgin. There's not a virgin that is in this building. You say, "Oh, now don't you start that with me, preacher." Amen. Hallelujah. I don't care how. I don't care if you saved yourself before marriage. Amen. You were born in corruption. We were all born speaking lies. We were all born as harlots to the word. Amen. We are we had other thoughts in our minds, other thoughts in our hearts. We were we were we were going from opinion to opinion. Amen. When we talk about the seed of God, the reproduction, Amen. that the seed, the living life, the sperm of God, it come from the word of God. He is the word. He spoke, amen, into the womb of Mary. And there was a seed that impregnated her heart and she produced Jesus Christ. the word. Are you hearing me? When when when you talk about the loins of God, we're talking about the word of God. We're talking about the Hallelujah. the sperm of God, the lifegiving source of God, the reproductive part of God is his word. True. That's why we can't take your opinion and your daddy's opinion and your grandpa's opinion. And you can't take my opinion. You must take God's God. And God alone has the ability to reproduce himself, not a church. Churches can reproduce church members. Oh man, I'm sick of church members. Amen. The world is full of church members. I don't want to. Don't even put me in the category of a church member. I am the bride of Jesus Christ. The bride where the life of God is in me pulsating his word. Well, can you say amen? Hallelujah. Oh, don't ever don't don't ever say, "Oh, you're a member of the new life." No, I'm not. I'm a member of the bride. Amen. I attend church at New Life, but I am the member. Oh, can you say amen? I don't I don't have my fellowship here or I have my fellowship here, but I have my union there. Come on. And don't and and don't don't don't and don't you worry. you ever have a union with him, all of these all of these other things that that that seems not to matter becomes our everything because we have his word and his word becomes our passion even to the very minute. Can you say amen? But see, you were not always that way. It took it took that word within you. Amen. That's right. See, God did not call you because you were a virgin. He made you a virgin through that new birth, that new seed. That's what made you a virgin. You were born again and you'll never ever ever ever be a virgin in this hybrid because well, praise the Lord. G the Bible calls it here because we are all bastard born. That's what the Bible says. Hallelujah. We were all bastard born. But God's not wanting us to stay. God so loved us, so called us, put his seed within us. Amen. And that seed uh would be become a living seed and there was a new man that was born and that's what God is coming after. How can you say, man? How can you say that you've got that that eternal gene seed, that that eternal word seed of God being born in us, and that we're still wanting to commit adultery? We're still wanting to fornicate. We're still wanting, Amen. to lie and those things. What we need is a birth on the inside. It'll change you. Well, can you say amen? The prophet Hosea was told to go marry a prostitute by the name of Goomer. And this was this was this was out there. Amen. God God told the prophet. Now, God God didn't even want God God forbid any of his children to marry prostitutes. And yet God tells Hosea the prophet to go marry a prostitute. Now, o Hosea was not for this whatsoever. Now, this was the Old Testament types and shadows of the redemption that was going to come. God was going to show, Amen. He was showing us that we come into this world rough, buddy. We come into this world, we we we Hallelujah. There is no hope for us. But God came and married us. God chose you in your foul state. God chose you in your Well, can you say amen? It was it was going to it even though it went against the nature or the holiness of God, it did not go against the nature, amen, of redemption with God. How that God would come and redeem and c can you say amen. Now Goomer would forever more become a symbol of Israel's whoredom. Amen. And but God was going to show even to Israel, I'm going to redeem you back. Hallelujah. Now, Hosea's children, Amen. He had I believe he had three children with him. The first one was Jezel, I believe is how you pronounce it. And and that mean that name means God's souls. Hallelujah. That that Israel had received the seed of harlotry, but God was going to sew his seed and bring out a peculiar people. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. There was the the next one was lu harama. Amen. Which meant not pity. Amen. God's apparent lack of compassion. Hallelujah. But it also re it also foreshadowed restoration. The next one was loami. Amen. Not my people. God's rejection of of of them to their infidelity, but that God would eventually bring Israel back into relationship. It was going and and and and and we seen that that here here Goomer she she stayed with him and then she went back out a and become a part of a harlot again and and it got so bad. Amen. Her sin carried her away until she was on an auction block and they were selling her as a slave. Amen. This was the prophet's wife. This was the prophet's wife. Hallelujah. And the prophet does it by vision. And here he is. And and and he's looking. He's sconed. He's he's he's scorned. Look down upon. And then God appears to him again. And God says, "Hosea, go to the auction block. Go to the auction block and buy Goomer your wife. buy her back. She's committed her whoredom. She's committed her wrongs. Amen. After after you in mercy and grace married her and took her to yourself and she went back. Hallelujah. Saying that God though the church has gone and and gone and fallen and fallen. That God's plan of redemption when God calls you, he loves you. Can you say amen? He goes and buys her back and pays the money for her. That was that was an incredible thought. Well, praise the Lord. Now, I know I I I I know I the Bible's not a a dirty book. The message is not a dirty book. I'm talking about the genuine seed of God that God has placed in in his in his elect. Can you say amen? Amen. The seed is important. Homosexuality, amen, has come and risen in this last day because Satan is trying to defile seeds. Harlotry, living together, shacking up, just spilling the seed wherever with no commitment at all. That's the that's the that's the condition of this land where a woman can be a sex symbol, go lay with multiple partners all she wants, but she ain't going to come under the headship of one of them. Amen. Seeds means everything. That's the reason why I man fornication and and and adultery is is so big in God's books. It's a sin that is that is that is that that that God just will not overlook. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. That was the original sin. You remember that? It was the original sin. Satan show opened their eyes. Satan reopened the eyes of her to know. I man the difference between right and wrong. Before she knew nothing but right. She knew nothing but good. Eve knew nothing but good. She didn't know evil existed. Evil did exist because Satan had been cast out of heaven. Amen. Evil was there. But she was behind the word. All she knew was innocency. All she knew was purity. But when Satan showed her her sexuality, Amen. and the serpent laid with her. Then she found out her eyes were open. She knew that she had sinned. She knew now her eyes were open. But praise the Lord. Amen. And they sold fig leaves to hide the parts that they sinned with. True. Can you say amen? Amen. Did you know that the only grace for her was when Adam stepped in? Yes, sir. Spoken words original seed. Brother Random would say she brought forth death through a bastard child which we are all a children of. But God came in flesh to give us another birth to bring us back to the original sons and daughters of God. There you are. This life sperm in Eve never happened. It never did. Can you say amen? The exposition of the seven church ages. Amen. The church age book. Now Eve should have been burned along with the serpent for her awful deed. But Adam intervened and taking her quickly to himself so that she could be saved. God could not kill her because Adam's seed was within her. Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. Now, why? Because brother Brandham would tell us, Amen. that that when we in that union, she becomes part of the man. That's in marriage and divorce. She becomes part of the man. God is saving you and me from the wrath that is to come because he has placed his genetics, his word seed on the inside of you. Now, what does this mean? Well, man, brother Brandham would say, spoken word, the original seed, hybrid to Satan's lie. His lovely bride become polluted. So is Christ's bride. The bride, what made her become polluted? Adam's bride. Now, because she never stayed with God's word. That's right. I ask now, if it's if it's not so, don't say it. But if it's so, then say it. The reason that God the reason that Adam's bride there's three, Adam, Christ, and God. There there the reason that Adam's bride never did bear right, the lifechild is because she disbelieved God's word. If that's right, say amen. The reason that Jehovah's wife was put away or his bride was because she rejected God's word, the prophet. That right. The reason Christ's bride is put away in divorcement is because she has rejected the word of God. like Eve did, like the rest of them did. Exactly. All whoro, all polluted. Their husband could not get to them. They were already pregnantated for their husband got to them. Oh, God. Isn't that a pitiful sight? Think of young man coming to a woman and find her with seed of some other man. What thing? What a thing. That's what God has done. That's what Adam had done. That's what Christ had done. Amen. Signs of his coming. Remember, Adam's bride was found with false seed. That's exactly right. Jehovah's bride was found with the same thing. He divorced her, put her away. Is that right? That was God. And Christ's bride's the same thing. She's been found with found with worldly organization seed in her and not the gospel, having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof from the Holy Spirit in the word. There's the last sign. There's the sign of the last day. And God will divorce her and take a bride. As certain as anything in here, as it was in the days of Noah, so will it be in the coming of the son of man. Can you say amen? Amen. So this is a very serious thing here. God will not put up with idolatry. God will not put up that idolatry and fornication is the same thing. It is taking the words of a man, placing them in the seeds of our heart and mind. Hallelujah. Am I doing all right here this morning? Praise the Lord. Taking those things and allowing those things instead of allowing the word of God. Well, you say now, Brother Wind now, hi. Well, you done mentioned the dress and you've mentioned the baptism. I'm talking about every other thought that we allow to impregnate our hearts. I'm talking about every other thought and every other attitude and things that we allow. Gomar was still Gar, but yet Gomar was now a prophet's wife. Oh, well, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Did you know that that Israel was all upset with Moses for marrying the Ethiopian? And it seemed Moses, oh, it seemed that Moses went against God's command to marry. Amen. Because the command was to marry within their own race. But here, Moses went and married a gentile. Went and married a gentile. Hallelujah. But God was showing the great picture of redemption to where he was going to bring a gentile woman in and make her Jew. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Now, now in respect, the prophet would say, "And there one day we found out that even Miam a prophetist and Aaron the high priest made fun of Moses' wife and because she was an Ethiopian and thought, wasn't wasn't there enough women of our own group to marry?" And instead of going down there and marrying that woman, that wasn't Moses' choice. That was God's choice. He was in Moses. He He sure was. He was in Moses and was an alien in his own country and took a gentile wife. And then brother Brandham says, "Hallelujah." How that God was going, "What changed? What Brother Brandham would go on and say, now what changed? What what separated her from being a Gentile and now she's a Jew?" It was the seed of Moses in her that made her who she was. Look at Rahab the harlot. Amen. She was a harlot. She was born, Amen. of a family of harlots here. And and and and the Bible says that the when the two spies went, God sent them right into Rahab's house and she lodged there at the harlots. They lodged at the harlot's house. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. And because of her goodness to them. Now, now keep this in my mind or in your mind. God kept them. Show. Now there she promised. Hey, I want as I've been good to you, give me a token. Give me a token that when you come, everything's going to be okay. And God says, and they said, you you just Amen. This rope that you drop us down with, Amen. put that outside the window and when we come we will see that token and everyone that's inside every he they he said bring in your mama your daddy your your aunts your uncles bring everyone in bring them under that token for they shall all be spared can you say amen they shall all be spared and when they came to the city and the sanctification process that was justification sanctification that she was saved through it Oh, but she was still a gentile harlot, folks. She was still a gentile harlot. Oh, can you say amen? Without the You can be justified. You can be sanctified, but until the seed of regeneration is within you, there you are still a gentile harlot. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Does anyone know the lineage of Rahab? Does anyone know what? Well, praise the Lord. Okay. Rahab, I'm not going to hold you long and I and I I hope I'm not too boring here this morning, but I'm trying to get to a point. Rahab married a man by the name of Salmon. Amen. Salmon was from the tribe of Levi. Now he was from the tribe of Levi. And of course we understand that Jesus was to come from the tribe of Levi. Gw. And here Salmon married this woman. Hallelujah. How many knows where Boaz, the great kinsman redeemer, came from? He came from the union of Salmon and Rahab that used to be a gentile harlot who was now a Jew through marriage. Now Raab the harlot will forever more be in the lineage of Jesus. Can you say amen? I I I I uh where's where do they talk about the lineage? Is that is that in Is that in in Matthew? Uh is that Matthew 1 or Matthew 2. Praise the Lord. We sure don't want to be be boring to you here this morning. and um Genesis 1 or or Matthew 1 and 1, the book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham. Abraham begat Isaac. Isaac begat Jacob. Jacob begat Judah and his brethren. Judah begat Forz and and Zara of Famar. Forz begat Esim. Ezram begat Aram. And Aram begat Aminadab. And Aminadab begget N. And N begget Salmon. Salmon begget Boaz of Rahab. Boaz begget Obed of Ruth. Obed begget Jesse. Jesse begget David the king. Well, praise the Lord. Now, and David was promised the throne forever. Now, if you'd go on down there, you you'd find to go right on to Jesus. God didn't just change her from being a harlot. God gave her a new position. She could no longer She still had the family roots. She still had her family history. She still had her She still could go back to what she used to be down memories lane with her affections, her memory, her imagination. She could still go back down through all of those things. And there were plenty there were plenty of imaginations could tell her, "You're really not a real Jew. You're really not a real you're really not a you don't even belong in here." But she belonged in there through marriage. The seed in her womb changed everything. When God says, "I am not going to call you church anymore, but I'm going to call you bride." It was God declaring it's another possession. You're not in that harlot system anymore. You're not in the old ways anymore. Your past no longer matters. It's the word of God that has changed you and made you who you are. That's right. in this outer man that's connected to the spirit. It'll always go back and point to your flesh. Your mind will always point to your flesh. Your mind will never point to your new birth. Your mind will always point to your insufficiencies. Your mind will always point to everything else. But it's the new birth. It's where the seed of God by the word of God has taken root into your heart. There's where the change has taken place. That's right. And it's up to you to stand there and say, "I am not that man. I am not that woman. I am not I I refuse those thoughts. I refuse those attitudes. I refuse those because I have been brought in." Oh, God almighty. Brought into the economy of God. Can you say amen? Oh. Oh. Hallelujah. Oh my. Your past has nothing to do with it. God will take God will take God's made us all virtuous. Well, praise the Lord. It doesn't matter what what your past has been. It don't matter whether you were physically if you were Amen. If you had many many partners or doesn't matter whether you're just you were just as pure as a lily in the natural. It it that those things doesn't matter. Amen. We were all born in in in this vile condition. The reason you have the problems with your mind and your body right now is because of what Eve had done. There would never have been a thought of sin. There would never have been a thought of regret. There would never have been any of those things. Amen. There they were not there. She was innocent. Are y'all hearing me? Amen. But you're still living in a vile body. Amen. And that mind will tell you all kinds of things. It'll it'll use the good from the evil. It'll use the good to to hurt you. And it it it just it just does it complexes as is everywhere. But I want to say it's the word of God that separates. It's the word of God that divides. It's the word of God that says, "Amen. I'm going to separate your mind from the reality of the word." It's the word that has separated you to himself. It's the word that's done it. That's why we don't listen to man's opinion. It's why we don't listen to Amen. the things uh uh uh that that wants to lure us. It's the word we're separated to. Oh church of the living God, be separated to the word. Don't you flirt with the word. Don't you flirt with sin. Don't you flirt with the things. Stay right with that word. Because it's that word. Well, Brother Wendell, I I'm I'm I deserve to carry that grudge because you've got to be impregnated with the word. The word separates you. You You have no right to hold those grudges. You have no right. No right at all. I don't care how much your imagination tells you. I don't care how much you've got your reasoning all put together. You have zero rights because the word has come and separated you to himself. Can you say amen? Do do you understand? Now we stand in faith. Now we stand in purity. Now again, Iman again in the presence of God. Remember, you got the you got the three rooms. You've got the outer courts. Amen. Hallelujah. That that that's the kitchen. Then you got the then you got the living room. That's the most holy place. Amen. You've got the you got the three different lights. As as we talked, we're not going to go back over Wednesday night. Amen. But it's that inner veil that in where you drop that veil behind you. Amen. It it's there in that most holy place is where the glory of God is revealed. Now remember the prophet told us the justification through the blood of the lamb. That that represented God. That's the life of God. Jesus died for us. The the the the most or the holy place. Amen. the golden candlesticks, the olive oil that represented the Holy Spirit. He said the gifts and things were there that that was all part of it, but it was only inside that third compartment where the shikina glory could take place. He says that's where the rod budded. That's where, Amen. the glory fell. That's where God made all things possible. God let me live in that inner court. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. He said now after you left the inner the second court sanctification, they entered into that consecrated life, entered into the presence of God. And while they were in there, there is where they had these glorious things. Here is the very beautiful type that in there anything dead lived. Anything dead that come in lived again. Did you ever think of it? They took Aaron's rod and had Aaron's rod in the presence of this holy place. And when they did one night, one night's time, it budded, blossomed, and yielded almonds. In one night's time, think of it, in the presence of God, the old dead rod laying there in the presence of God budded, blossomed, and yielded autumns. In one night, what was it then? What kind of rod was it? It was an almond tree rod. That's where it had been taken from. The stick was off an almond tree. Come on brother and sister. Hallelujah. You've been taken off of Elohim. You came from God and you're going back to God in the presence. He says and you are a stick sometime you you was taken off the branch of humanity which was God's creative son in the beginning but you may have fallen and dead and alienated from God but by that in creation you were created to be a son of God. You may bounce around and be respected and honored here in the courts. Amen. But if you ever get into that glorious place and hid away with God, you will yield what you're supposed to take a dead sinner alienated from God without hope without Christ. Put him in the presence of God in this glorious tabernacle in there. He will yield the fruit of the Holy Spirit, love, joy, peace, longsuffering. The dead rod budded. For it budded, Amen. It had to have refreshment. Had to be refreshed. After it was refreshed, well, it brought forth an odor of perfume and blossom and the next thing was the fruit. Can you say amen? You love him. Oh, glory to God. Now, these outer courts are wonderful. We come to church, but we also we also share light with other people. In body, we're here. Some of you may be in body, but in your spirit, you're somewhere else. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Amen. But but here here you can be in body. Amen. But your body's also going to go outside the doors there. You're going to see and you're also going to be going to eat and you're also right. Amen. So you're a Christian among you're among everyone else. Amen. The sunshine. You see the same sunshine. You you're affected by the same rain. Amen, brother Merl. Hallelujah. We found that our both of our ditches were affected by the same rain. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Just oh my just just just just it's just crazy. You're affected by those things and in the spirit and and then in the church. Amen. There's church members. Amen. Everyone goes to church. Everyone but again there there if there's not a passion for the word it doesn't do much. But see there's going to be somebody that lives that has all three channels. Your body, your spirit, and your soul. And that inner channel, that inner channel has cleared everything else. Amen. So, you're still going to work with everybody, but you are separated unto the Lord. You're still providing for your family, but you're separated to the Lord. Well, can you say amen? They're all smoking their cigarettes, but you you can't. Why? Because your passion is to the Lord. Others are telling smutty jokes, but you can't. Why? Because your heart is just separated. God's done something within you. You're separated unto the Lord. Oh, glory to God. Don't you just love him? Amen. You see, that's that's where the glory now inside. How do we know? And and not going to hold you too much longer now. H how how what what what takes place on the inside? There is a knowing. There's that something on the inside. Your mind can't tell you. Your spirit can't tell you, your body might tell you different, your eyes might tell you different, but yet there is a knowing on the inside like Abraham. I am going to have that baby. 25 years as an old man and never able to have that baby. But God gave him the promise. His body, his mind, his his his eyes, his feelings. Come on. Come on now. He was in his 80s and still claiming he was going to have that baby. But there was an inner knowing. Got me? Still lived to death. Still had this. Even reason with God occasionally. I don't see how this can happen. Can can it come through Eleaser? But when all the thoughts were done, when all of the emotions were set aside, there was an absolute knowing God gave me a promise. And your mind and your your thoughts and your eyes and your ears and your feelings might tell you every which direction. Amen. Might tell you, well, hallelujah. Well, you're going to you're just going to fall again. Well, you were a drunk before, you'll be a drunk again. Well, you were a druggie before. You're going to be there. Listen, one. No, sir. When God places that seed on the inside of you, I don't care what your mind tells you. I don't care what your emotions tell you. You're anchored with Christ. You're separated unto him. There is a passion for his word on the inside of you. You are not Rahab the harlot. You are the virgin born bride of Jesus Christ. Yes. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. When he talked about that knowing, that inner knowing, he says, "Ah, now we would think if such anointing was on him, had been prophesied 800 years before that talking about Christ. Here he was with that type of anointing, the full blessing and anointing of the Lord upon him, he would run all over the building and scream and holler." He says, "But the Bible says he laid down the scroll, sat down, and precious words proceeded from his mouth." That's what he done under the anointing. The anointing is not emotion. The anointing is supreme power in control, knowing exactly what and how. Oh, can you say amen? Oh, you're now now you say, "Well, Brother Wendle, I I my emotions are going. just just keep on going. It's time for you to go back there in the in the back room. It's time for you to go back there with God in that place of rest, that place of safety, that place between you and God and let him talk to you a while. Then all of the fear, all of the emotions, all of those complexes will all have to just settle back down because God has spoke. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. This is coming out of the wire people talked about. He says another great thing of entering into this place is where you can have confidence. You can you can have confidence. I know in whom I have believed. Is that right? Amen. And he uses a woman. He said, "Here's a woman laying here stretched on a stretcher this morning in a serious condition. And if she doesn't touch, now again, here she is in her body. Here she is in her body. Amen. God doesn't touch her, she'll die. She's aged. She's an old mother, gray hair, wearing glasses, very godly looking woman. I shook her hand and talked to her a few a few words few moments ago when I come in and and now she's laying here there here. Perhaps her doctor has come with all he knows how to do, but he can do no more. She has fallen her ankle and ribs and so forth and complications she's told me which was what was wrong with her and things that she didn't know also but but there she lays in that kind of a state well being in that kind of a condition and tore up like that now what can we do for her is to bring her into this blessed presence of the allsufficient refreshing Holy Ghost that can take the stailness away from her as the doctor though as good as he could be trying to tell her maybe that there's nothing more I can do. But we lift her into this place. Well, you're old and your days are all spent out about spent. That didn't mean one thing to Abraham. When he come to the presence of God, a hundred years old, he pleased God and considered not his own body now dead. But he was in the presence of Jehovah who had promised him. Here sits a lady on the on the end of the seat dying with cancer. Sure, sure to die. Nothing else but to die. But if we could only get her. Oh, someone shout hallelujah. Nobody, he says, nobody led Aaron in. Aaron walked in because he was invited in because it was told to him by Jehovah. He had the right to go in behind that veil. Friend, are you hearing me? No one had to come and lead him in. God gave him that. And God's inviting you into that room. God's inviting you into that most holy place. That's that sacred place. That's that that's that intimate place. That's that place where God man does his thing. That's where his word comes to life. That's where his word becomes flesh. That's where God and man become real. Can you say amen? Well, do you love him? Let me go. I want to go into those courts. Take me into the holy of holy. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Take me in to the holy of holy days my lips. Here I am in in in a core. Help me out. Holy place made clean. Holy of holies is the Holy Ghost. The mighty presence of Jehovah. and I his prisoner of love. Lord, help me so you can rise in me. The capstone of love take me. I I I I want your word to have preeminence even in the little things. The little things. I want to go into the holy place. I want to go into that precious place. I know I've got to come through the altar of sanctification first. And that means I've got to be scrubbed with the washing of the water of the word, but I got to scrub. I got to I got some part of Wendle Martin in here that still needs a lot of scrubbing. I got to die out to myself. Is there anyone else in the building that can say that? I I I got some dying I need to do. I want to go back in that room. I I I want I want the presence of God. I've got the Holy Ghost. But Brother Wendle, I' I've I've not been back into that place of intimacy in a long time because I've allowed junk. I've allowed junk. I've allowed junk in my life. I've got things that I know that my soul knows. And that soul is going to divide those inner courts from the outer courts. I want your Holy Spirit though. come upon me, mold me, made me, purify me. All of that junk, all of that nonsense that I [Music] allow, I want to go there that place of refreshment. I want to I want rest. Come on now. I don't want that. I I don't want to be illuminated. I don't want my spiritual walk to be smoky. I don't want my light to go in and out and having to replace the oil again and having to let me go into those that most holy place. Let let me come where the shakina glories that where where the veil has been rent. I can't it is separating me from everything else. It's just me and God and his word. There's where life comes. There's where the Holy Spirit Oh, can you say amen for the window? I'm all torn this morning. It's so easy to I I I I I I get I get torn. I see this one doing that and and it gets me and I see that one there and I hear this doctrine and I hear that I Oh, I just you you just got to keep on coming. Come out of Come out of those come Come out of the rain. Come come come out of that smoky Amen. second part of the tabernacle. Come on into the shikina presence of the Lord where it's just you and God. It's soundproof. It's soundproof. You can't hear nothing. You don't you don't hear nothing outside. You don't you It has totally separated you from your spirit and body. It's you and God. It is you and God. Hallelujah. Let it rain. Let the ice come. Let let let whatever happens, it's just me and God. Let tornadoes come and go. I I it's even tornado proof. It's me and God. I want that intimacy. I want his word. I want his word to be rich in my fertile soil. I want the glory of the Lord. Oh, come on, church. Do do you long for that more than anything else? Do do you long for that to where you can be gossip proof? Do do you long for that? to where you can be hurt feeling proof. Yes. Can you long for that? To where you can be malice proof, hatred proof. Oh, there's a place. There's a place. Hallelujah. Oh, go commune with God. Don't you go out there and commit idolatry and whoredoms and and and and and heeding to this and allow these seeds that are mine. No, there will be no seeds of any sort but God's word and I'm going to separate myself to him. I'm going to separate myself to him. Oh, I am his. I'm created for him. Hallelujah. Now, I spoke pretty direct here this morning. But I I I I'm all through the Bible. It's laced all through the scripture from the very beginning in the verse very first sin all the way all the way down to the very end where the bride where there is a pure bride. There is a pure groom and there is a beautiful place of Eden. There will be no more sin, no more sorrow, no more devil, no tomorrow. Amen. The old things will be passed away. Your bodies will be changed. this old this old hybrid condition, this old hybrid spirit, this old hybrid body that that you you're you're hybrid here. Amen. You come, you've got the complexes of your daddy and your mama and your grandpa and your grandma and your great great great. You are here because of the complexes of your past. But I am here to tell you, God has separated that soul from your spirit and body. If you'll just heed to him here this morning and let his spirit come in you and renew you. Renew me. Renew me. Renew me. Hallelujah. Rest. Rest that comes from him and him alone of the lamb. Take me out to the holy of holy. Take the coast. Here I am. Take me into the holy. Oh, by the blood. Hallelujah. To the holy of holy of [Music] holy the unveiling of God. This is the old temple in the veil. What was back behind there? What was Jehovah? What was hid back there? What was the veil hiding? Oh, hallelujah. What was the veil hiding? It was hiding the word. The veil, the old badger skins, was hiding the word to the natural eyes. Behind there also was the shoe bread. Behind there was the shikina glory, but it was all hid from them. It was all hid. All the glory of God was right behind that old badger skin. Right. That's right. All hid to the natural eye. It is today too. All a bunch of holy rollers fanatics. They don't see what's hid behind them. That's what they don't know. Then when God and mercy rent that veil for them to see, they were so wrapped up in their traditions, they still it was still hid to them even to this day. It's the same now. The glory, the power of the Holy Spirit, the shikina glory that comes upon the believer now. I mean, the real believer that causes the works of God and the faith to come into him to believe the word of God. That's all hid to to them eyes. Then things are all passed behind the veil. You're not behind the veil anymore, little ones. You've come in. God has come into full view of you. God has come into full view of you. Someone say, "God has come into full view." God has come into my full view. God has come into my view. I believe God. I'm going to have to walk with God. His word. I know what his word is. I know where I'm standing. I know who I am. It's a changing. I'm not a servant. I'm his bride. It's a changing of the position. I'm standing here in faith and I love him with all of my heart. Cleanse my lips. Here I am to the holy of holies. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Oh, take me into the glory. Oh, holy holy. Take the cleanse my lips. Here I am. In the outer courts. I'm justified. In the holy place made clean. But in the holy of holy is the holy ghost himself, the mighty presence of Jehovah and I, his prisoner of love. Lord, help me so you can rise in me. The capstone of love, take me in. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Take me in [Music] the take me in and on and on. Lince my lips. Here I am. Oh, take me in to the holy, the holy. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Take me in to the holy of holies. Take the cleanse my lips. Here I am in the outer courts. In the outer courts I'm justified. In the holy place make clean. But in the holy of holies is the holy ghost body presence of Jehovah. Thank you Lord. Capstone of love. Take me in to the holy holy. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Take me in to the holy for me. Take the cleanse my lips. Here I am. Take the cleanse my lips. Here I [Music] am with God in that secret place. the spirit [Music] beholding his face. Gaining new [Music] power to run in this race. How I long to be shot in with God. [Music] Shut with God in that [Music] secret. The spirit beholding his face. [Music] gaining new power to run this race. Oh my, how I long to be shut in with God. Is that your desire this morning? Shut in. Oh, shut in with God. In the secret place, the spirit [Applause] beholding his face. Oh, gaining new power to run in this race. How I long to be shut in with God. One more [Music] time. Oh, shut in with God. [Music] that gratify the spirit beholding his face. Oh, gaining new power to run in this race. How I long to be shut in with God. [Music] Hide thou me in thy secret place. There may I find your mercy and grace. [Music] Lays your seal upon my heart's door that I may not sin against thee, oh Lord. Oh, hide thou me in thy secret place. There may I find your mercy and grace. Place your seal upon my heart's door that I may not sin against thee, oh Lord. Oh, hide thou me in thy secret place. There may I find your mercy and grace. Place your seal [Music] upon my heart's Lord that I may not sin against thee. Oh Lord, praise the Lord. That song is so powerful. I don't want nothing in my heart. I don't want to even dwell on that that stuff. And if you've allowed things in your heart, it's developing into bitterness and it's into junk. And you know, you know it's not accurate. You know it's not true. If you've got the Holy Ghost, you do because the soul separates. It separates what your mind is telling you and what your eyes are telling you and what those things are telling you. You know it's not accurate. Not accurate. Satan might come in and and and build it one way or another. No. Stand right there with the word of God. Can you say amen? Stand true. Stand powerful, bride. Stand powerful. Love him. Live with him. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful for that rest in him. Praise the Lord. Well, we uh so I guess most of everyone has has has heard by now that Brother Joe and Sister Stephanie are uh going to be leaving us here before long and uh going to be moving to uh [Music] Louisiana. And uh it was everything I could do to uh dog on it. Told myself I wasn't going to cry. It was everything I we could do not to cry when they told me. And then brother Joe and sister Stephanie. What a what a precious couple. Amen. What a what a blessing they [Music] are. And what a beautiful work of grace God has done in their lives. as I as I thought about it, you know, when they first came talked to [Music] me, you [Music] know, it's just the beauty of what God has done. And I it my my my message here this morning They could they could they could personify how God has taken Stephanie totally when she was just nothing but a world in in the world. Brother Joe backslider and how God's grace came right back around. You see the beauty of what God does. Amen. And I just know that God has great things for for them. And um and so I uh I want us to be praying with Brother Joe and Sister Stephanie. There's a lot at play. There's a lot of [Music] transition. We're going back and forth and getting things prepared. And I know it must be a it's a it's a it's a huge step for them. And so we want we want to genuinely with all of our heart be praying with brother Joe and Sister Stephanie. And they're going to be leaving behind some some fine fellas, Brother Jonah and uh Caleb. And so, uh, we want to be praying for them as well. And so, Amen. How many loves Brother Joe and Sister Stephanie? Amen. [Applause] And, uh, so we just pray God's blessings be with them. And uh I don't I don't think they're going to be leaving like next week or anything, but it's it's going to feel like just next week by the time it's all put together. So uh we just we we love them dearly. And I'm so thankful that the Lord has allowed us to have such a big part of their lives coming to the Lord. And I love them both. very proud of them. Amen. Well, all right. I think we've [Music] got Do we have Do we have food over at the fellowship hall? We got food today. And so we'd like for everyone to come, visitors and all. We've got plenty of food and so it it'll be a wonderful time. Father, we just want to thank you for always being so good to us. Thank you for Lord your words of life and just ask Father that you would help us. Lord, let us take that word of life whether it be church attendance and our our worship before our worship in your word or devotion time. Let let let let us not take any of these things lightly or for granted, but let us have a a real passion for it. Oh God, it's your word that is making the difference in our lives. Now Lord, we're asking that you would be with us today as we fellowship and ask that you would Lord be in all of our in our activities. I ask that you would bless the food. Bless those who have prepared it. Ask Lord a real special blessing on Brother Joe and Sister Stephanie. Lord, as they're preparing to to move, I ask Lord that you would cause all of the pieces to fall together. Lord, that your will would be done. Lord, they don't want to walk outside your will. I don't want them to walk outside your will. We just ask Lord that your will would be would be made real every every step of the way. That way they can have an assurance and a sure footing. Lord, for where you lead us, all the footsteps are sure and solid. We thank you for never failing us and for always promising to lead us and guide us. We thank you for their lives, Lord. We love you, Lord. We give ourselves to you now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. You have a child. Oh, I left a barren land searching for rest. Stumbling around in Amia. Oh, bitterness and distress. But then I met a kinsman redeemer who's called the mighty one. He took this old wide from the field and brought me to his house. He said, "Fear not, my child, for you are part of me and I'll not you are at my side. I will do all that you ask of me. You're a jewel in my out virtuous woman. You are my pride and I responded to your call. Oh, you have covered me. Yes, you have, my Lord. With eyes of faith, I see all the mysteries being revealed. And now I see who I am. And I lay claim to all that's mine. I'm the lamb's wife. I was bought with a prize. [Music] He said, "Fear not my child, for you are part of me down my face. For you are at my side. I will do all that you oh ask of me your jewel in my eyes. God bless you. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. We let you dismiss yourselves this morning. Love you. And so I'm casting all my cares on you. [Music] do. Oh, I know you love me. I know you love me, Lord. Redemption by blood. [Music] That's the greatest love [Music] story. And for restoration, for redemption, that's what seven angels in a cloud. They've testified, "My redeemer's no longer dead. He's risen and he's coming back for you and me. And so I'm casting all my cares on you. Oh, I know you love me. I know you love me, Lord. Redemption by blood. Thank you, Lord. That's the greatest love story and for restoration, for redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud.
